This was written like a 6th grade essay. I enjoyed the Hitchcock movie so I thought I would enjoy learning more aboutAlma and her relationship with Hitch as well as her contributions to his work. Unfortunately, this book was dull and I could not finish it.
I don't know what it was that drew me to buy this book-- perhaps it was the corpse on the cover.  But whatever it was, I decided to pick this book up to read on my winter break.  What a mistake that was.I don't believe in rattling off bad things about books I don't like-- and I at least try to find some good thing about a bad book I read-- but this book was just rubbish.  I did, however, learn one good thing from this book.First, let's deal with the rubbish: the book is well over 350 pages, and I was ready to put it down after page 20.  But, since I felt like I owed the author some dignity, I read past page 200, and finished the first of the two stories in the book.  Seriously, throughout the first 200 pages, I was trying to get my life together amongst the seemingly chaotic plot.  The plot is really unbelievable, the characters lack any real motivation whatsoever.And was I the only one angered at why on earth the author would start one plot at the beginning of the book, then wait another 200 pages to resolve it again?  That's a good idea, the author must have said to himself, I will start the first 20 pages with a good conflict, then separate the resolution to the first conflict by another 200 page one!  Really, it just left me confused and bored.Back to the characters' motivations-- I racked my brain trying to figure out why a prominent brain surgeon would ever have an affair with a resident.  Why would she even waste the time?  It makes no sense, she has no reason to be with him, other than the fact that she could get fired.  Which leads me to another point: the way the author started "relationship" between surgeon and resident is both mediocre and predictable.  It was pretty much trash; nothing more, nothing less.  Even though this author is new to the field, I'm not apologizing for realizing that he should stick to pediatrics than writing.But, the one good thing I learned from this book is that removal of brain aneurysms is a difficult thing.  I learned more about adenomas than I did about what a great medical thriller is.Don't waste your time on this book; granted, I am an English major and I tend to hold books up to a certain level when reviewing them, but you'd be better off reading Vogue.
treats her like a piece of rubbish first scene when they get together totally unbelivable and stupid no reason why she continues to hide things from him outdated giant yawn serves me right for reading it
I understand if this book was groundbreaking and controversial when it was first published in 1990, and I respect it for bringing these issues to a forefront and empowering women during a particularly tough time, but the book does not age well.In general, Wolf's arguments and justifications are extremely flawed, and her deductions are illogical.  From a modern feminist perspective, she makes statements and generalizations about men and women (even as she tries to debunk other generalizations and myths) that aren't exactly progressive or feminist.This book does not hold up to the test of time, and even then it has serious flaws.
Having thoroughly enjoyed Moore's previous two books, Adventures in a TV Nation and Downsize This!, I was quite enthusastic to get my hands this latest work, especially with all the controversy surrounding its late release. I don't know why Harper Collins was scared about distributing this book, for there's nothing in it written about the "President" (har har) that you can't read in twenty other places.In fact, the low point of the book occurs when Moore unsympathetically cribs 47 criticisms of Bush from a left-wing website without giving credit.Moore spends much of the book venting about the results of the 2000 election. He calls it a coup. While Moore might disagree with the Supreme Court's decision in Bush v. Gore (this book, unlike Alan Derschowitz's persuasive work, did not contain any sort of analysis of the decision), Bush ascended to power legally. There was no sudden overthrow of the government, just a controversial election result. A vote took place, the election was certified, there was a legal challenge to that certification, and the challenge was ultimately defeated. Most importantly, Al Gore conceded defeat. At no point did the process deviate from what was entirely proper under our Constitution or the laws of the United States.Referring to the 2000 election as a coup downplays the vile nature of real coups, such as what recently took place in Venezuela.The other huge criticism I have is that in this book, unlike in his brilliant documentary Roger and Me and Downsize This!, Moore makes it abundantly clear in several places that he has no in-depth knowledge of the subject matter about which he is writing. The section on the Middle East is an absolute joke. Moore wants Yasser Arafat to use civil disobedience instead of violence to protest Israeli policy. Anyone with the most cursory knowledge of Arafat's history and character knows this will never happen. The man is a life-long terrorist who supports the killing of women, children and the elderly to further his political program. That Moore continues to support him is despicable, and any idea that peace will come (and with it a viable Palestinian state) with Arafat in command is a pipe dream.
I read a couple hundred pages of this 1000+ sleeper before putting it down. Why bother wasting more time? The characters are so weak I just didn't give a damn, and I wasn't interested in a crypto primer.It's like the author wanted to show off how clever his math demonstrations were, then used a WW2 setting to trick you into reading, thinking this was all actually going somewhere.I'll pass, thanks.
When Michael Moore calls people 'stupid' he doesn't mean you or me, naturally. He means them (there's always a them). He taps into a deep vein of adolescent smart@$$ness which, with a little education, can provide a lifelong substitute for thinking.One effect of this book is to confirm the bien pensants of Europe in their conviction that Americans are stupid. They don't need telling, believe me, but they're always delighted to hear it. Deep down - well, not that deep in some cases - they feel that America had 9/11 coming for supporting the only functioning democracy in the Middle East, giving the Kyoto protocol the finger, and being stupidly American. Some have never forgiven America for the collapse of communism (needless to say, they're not the ones who lived under it); others are just out to a vegan lunch; but every last one of them loves Michael Moore. If it were not for Americans, mostly white, some not so stupid, this cozy continent would still be languishing under Hitlerism and/or Stalinism. Now, though, there's not much to occupy us apart from Islamo-fascist Armageddon, so Moore thinks it's a good time to get on with the really important business of bitching ad nauseam about the evil Bush. I don't know what effect that has on voters but it almost makes me want to root for the stiff. Except my auntie in Seattle would put out a contract on me.As always with Moore, it's hard to distinguish between truth, half-truth and untruth, assuming he knows the difference. But one thing comes over loud and clear: anyone Mikey disagrees with is stupid or evil. This is liberalism? Think before you answer. There is a rational case to be made for the left but this is the comic-book version, and while problems certainly exist, his solutions are non-solutions or, at best, solutions to non-problems. That may not bother you as long as he tells you what you want to hear.
After waiting 10 years for Wally Lamb to write another great book, I was sorely disappointed in this one. I did finish it but there were several times when I almost gave up. The main character irritated me so much I wanted to reach into the pages and slap him. And I never quite figured out what the book's theme was: teenage violence, women's prisons, dysfunctional marriages, weird teenage girls, Hurricane Katrina, dairy farming, yellow Mustangs, the butterfly affect, Mark Twain....it was such a mixed-up bag of messages, enough to frustrate any Wally Lamb fan. And, as another reviewer noted, all the characters that might have been truly interesting were dead and we never get to meet them except through writings or Caelum's self-centered mind. One of the greatest living American writer's, Joyce Carol Oates wrote a novel based on the Jon Benet Ramsey murder and did a far, far better job of incorporating a violent true-life event into a brilliant tour de force about a young man's trauma in the aftermath of disaster. Mr. Lamb's latest does not seem like 10 years worth of work but it did seem like it took 10 years to read it.
This is a warning. Do not buy this book is you are expecting anything close to what Foley has written. Im not going to get in depth about what I didnt like about this book because there are too many things. I will just  point out the major problems it has.First of all, The Rock has only been in  the business for a few years. One day he woke up and decided that he wanted  to become a wrestler and a year later he was on WWF tv. And it did not have  anything to do with his wrestling talent. He had many inside connections.  Although I will admit that it was his carisma and althletic skills that  made him a star.Another problem with the book is that the Rock is not  totally honest and does not tell enough about the things that go on back  stage. He holds back and is afraid to give the dirt on some of the other  wrestlers who dont deserve his silence.Mic Foley tells about other  wrestlers and promoters who have wronged him. Why sould we buy this book if  he is not going to tell all. I would have given this book three stars but  he loses two for annoying me.Only buy this book if you are a huge Rock fan  or if you are very curious. I am a huge wrestling fan who was curious.
This is a self-conscious book that has colorful, detailed, highly stylized illustrations covering the theme of self esteem.It's not a bad book, nor does it offend, but it seems kind of glib. Does anyone think a child will listen to this story and be injected with self-esteem? That kids really think it's OK to be a slow runner and be chosen last? That kids are all really well-adjusted and nice, making it easy to be yourself day in and day out? It's nice fiction, but it doesn't ring true to any child past the age of 4.Another problem I have is that half the pages are written in a cursive script. My son is 7 and a really good reader, and yet he needed help with some of the book's text.If you're looking for something positive to read to a child who is not yet reading on his or her own, this might very well work for you. I can imagine cuddling a preschooler, who would enjoy the rhythm of the words and the colors on the pages.Older children may just look at you with a skeptical expression.
Maybe if I had read it in 1975 I would have liked it, but I doubt it. Rampant casual sex (enforced by military decree for the women), sanctioned drug use and post-hypnotic suggestions to make the soldiers become enraged killers? Really? That's what you want in a battle, a bunch of raving lunatics hell-bent on killing anything that moves, with no thought or circumspection. The cynical anti-establishment theme flows throughout this book along with a very depressing view of the future. I forced myself to finish the book because it came so highly recommended and is on the list of the best science fiction ever. How it made that list is a mystery to me. I can only imagine that the Nebula panel consisted of a bunch of disgruntled Viet Nam vets who got kicked out of the Army. Either that or a bunch of 16 year-old boys who thought all the obscenity, mandatorily willing and eager for sex women and drug use was rebellious and cool. I believe I'll go reread some Asimov or Herbert to cleanse my soul after this one. Their novels, after all, have survived the test of time.
I think it was Truman Capote who, talking about a book he didn't much like said, "That's not writing; it's typing." Ah, yes, and here we have a perfect example. A story that could have been told, easily, in 300 pages, written by someone who has no discipline whatsoever, takes nearly 900. Example: Dominick tells the social worker he hates his brother, he tells his brother he hates his brother, he tells his mother he hates his brother, he tells Leo he hates his brother, he tells the work crew foreman he hates his brother, he tells his college roommate he hates his brother, he tells the doctor he hates his brother, and lastly he tells the reader he hates his brother. This revelation must consume at least 150 pages in its various forms. We get it: HE HATES HIS BROTHER -- now for God's sakes, move on! And this is just one example. Here's another, chosen completely at random: the police station questioning of Dominick, the content of which could might have told in a few paragraphs, goes on for page after page after page after page. It's just plain bad writing, characteristic of someone who simply types whatever comes into his head on the assumption that whatever comes into his head is worth his typing and our reading. It isn't.  Compare this book with Indignation by Philip Roth, ten times the story, 90% fewer words, the difference between a writer and a hack.
She will forever be one of the sexiest women to grace the squared circle.  She broke down so many barriers in and out of the ring.  With that being said, the book was lacking detail and at times boring.  Borrow it, don't buy it.
I am really big fan of &quot;Chick-lit&quot; and &quot;Running in Heels&quot; by Anna Maxted looked liked it would be a fun read. Well, I wasn't thirty pages into the book when I realized that it was really bad. Natalie Miller, has to most unappelling character ever. She got so many problems such as: eating disorder, relationship problems, parents problems, that I can't by the end of the book, which ones have been solved. The ending was the worst. Ms. Maxted just seemed to out of ideas, so the book just ended. This has to be one of the worst book that that I have read a long while, so just to your self the favor and don't read it.
What a disappointment this novel was. It had a great premise; what if Joseph Mengle was alive and well and living in San Quinten? But it turned to crap oh-so-quick.It's rather hard to pinpoint where it all went wrong. The first two-thirds of the book were good, but then suddenly we got into this whole conspiracy theory thing, and characters who could just wander in and out of prison seemingly at will, and the story lost all credibility. It's also rather telling that the most interesting character was Mengle and not anyone else.There's also the fact that the author got several basic facts wrong, starting with the fact that Mengle is actually dead. This was verified through DNA testing on the corpse. I can suspend disbelief on that, but he got other basic things wrong, like the date of Hitler's birth (1889, not 1905), and the 1936 Berlin Olympics, which were held in, guess where, Berlin in, guess when, 1936, not, as the author stated, in Munich in 1939. Now I read an ARC, so these may be errors that get corrected later, but the fact that the author made them to begin with did not bode well.There's a good story hidden here under the dross, and really liked one of the other books this author wrote, but this one is just not good.
The whole Kumite, fight to the death, CIA spy stuff, all that is pure fiction, ...
It wasn't the type of book I would normally read, but I desided I would give it a try. It took me FOREVER to get through the first chapters!! It was sooo boring! I gave up reading it half way through the book because it was still so boring.It hadn't even gotten to the point of the story! You may say I'm not quilafied to write a review on a book that I haven't read all of but, personally, I think any book that doesen't have you intrested half way through the book, deserves a one. If you like slow-moving stories, this books for you!!!
My review is geared more towards parents and/or other adults being asked to buy this book by their children-this book is just plain horrible! This poor young girl, Barbie, has a wretched stage mom, and a completely uninvolved father. She's forced by mom into modeling, left alone at 12, then molested by the photograper!!! Her mom's answer to this is "life is full of problems, deal with them". Even the fairy, Mab, says horrid things to her, and encourages her at 16 to drink, smoke and have sex!!!I cannot believe this is on middle school reading lists, and I'm no prude, this book shouldn't be suggested to anyone under 16 at least. None of these adult subjects are handled in this book with any sensitivity-just titilation value.Horrible! this book is rancid :(no stars.
This book was just okay. It was too long and wordy. There were about 3 stories being told in one book. There was nothing exciting, nor were there any omg moments.. I thought the ending was drab.It was pretty much a waste of time compared some stories. I struggled to get through this long story.I listened to this book via audible as I read along and the narrator did a fine job. Narration by Justine Eyre you know what your going to get listening to her.
I did not like this book at all, it was hard to follow, and the story did not flow like so many of this authors other books. I would not recommend it.
I purchased this book on recommendation for the FSOT exam for US Diplomats.  Its function as such is my primary interest, although I prefer well-written books over reference tombs.I am on page 130 of this book and I am growing weary fast.  It's just an endless list of facts which progress (or slouch along?) chronologically, with geographical changes of stage from time to time.  While this style of writing "covers the bases" of the facts of what happened in the 20th Century occident, when I read a book, I expect to get some glue, or some authorial insight to the base materials behind the book.  Because let's face it, even the most brilliant person is not going to be able to store endless facts in their head: say, the number of Croats killed in the first Balkan war.  But it is reasonable to digest these facts as part of certain themes: that the ongoing ethnic strife in the Balkans fomented WWI and continued up until the most recent NATO activities in the Kosovo war.  Ah, now we have a theme, a big idea that is easy to understand, which can be porous to all the little facts as you begin to assimilate them.  These are the facts pertinent to an FSOT exam, any student of history.  But their continuity, the connection between the facts, is EVERY bit as important as the raw numbers.This man likes writing in numbers.  Specifically of how many people died here, there, and everywhere.In a sense, it's a good (and in this book, a constant, constant, constant, constant, constant) reminder of how much human death brought us into the 21st century.  But I get it, ok, dude?  I don't need to hear this crap over and over again, let's move on!  The constant refrain of death figures becomes its own dulling agent.  I'm craving some history of ideas, right now, not this dutiful ledger of facts.  If you've read the Iliad, this book thoroughly recalls the constant refrain, "And a black cloud of death enveloped him" or some variation on the theme.  It's like the rote cadences of oral traditions describing war have fully penetrated the modern age.One reason this style of factual accounting is so irritating is that fails at its primary mission: attempting to be truly objective and universal or complete.  The strongest argument for the restraint of commentary and analysis (in other words, WHY things happen, not just WHAT happens), is that is leaves you at the mercy of the authors 'opinions', which might be very subjective.  Fair enough.  The trade off should leave you with a book that puts analysis at arms length while giving this ostensibly "equal" coverage to the entire world in the 20th Century in some empirical sense.  But it doesn't.  Asia, Africa, South America, and the Middle East are off the map, with a couple token mentions.The Dictionary of Cultural Literacy (American) achieves the functions of this book in much better form.  It's literally a dictionary of terms and their brief backgrounds, organized by era, and alphabetically.I realize there are books that cover this stuff, too, but if you're looking for an OVERVIEW book, look elsewhere, you can do much better than this.Perhaps a book like this is my penance for not getting a proper liberal arts education.
I couldn't finish this book, finding I had no desire to read any more after I got about halfway through. There are several concurrent storylines, none of which have anything to do with each other except in the most peripheral sense. The book spends so much time plodding along, I found I had a surge of excitement when he finally got to the announcement of the bombing of Pearl Harbor. At last, something was happening! Unfortunately, the next page began "Three months later,". I was incredibly disappointed after hearing the rave reviews this book got, and now I am completely mystified how it received them.
This is an OK book, but it's too long and the author seems to write long passages to no effect becuase it's fun, not because the story needs it. As usual, small town America is the root of evil and there wasn't much mystery about the real murderer's identity. We have an attempt on the hero's life by the standard technique of running his car off the road; this never works, so why bother? The plot is also totally impossible, because no attorney could represent a defendent, when the attorney is the person who finds the dead body, and the murder weapon, and who sees the naked defendant outside the house where the murder occurs. He would be a prosecution witness. Perry Mason used to do the same in the TV series (not in the books) but the author should know better.
You'll get plenty of score settling, chip-on-my-shoulder attitude, but precious little in the way of good business advice.This is what the author has to say about "the vampires at the top" (p. 43):"People at the top are accountable for everything, but responsible for nothing. Day-to-day they do little actual work. They meet, they plan, they strategize, they pontificate, but they don't sit down and actually produce anything. It's as though they feel that the only way they can earn their hefty salaries is by piecing back their businesses after having smashed them to bits."One for the bargain bin.
I kept looking for the redeeming portion of this book. I won't give anything away, but the ending was ridiculous. You get through an entire book and that's the ending? I was intrigued by the back cover which stated that we would "get a glimpse inside the mind of Ken Kimble". We never did! Aside from his second wife, Joan, who you can see fell in love with him because of her loneliness and her disease, was a good character, but the other wives were ridiculous. I bought this book for a penny from a used book seller on Amazon. So glad I didn't spend more money. A penny is about what it's worth.
This is the first Lashner book I read about his ongoing character.  The other books, The Barkeep and The Accountant were pretty good, but this one was way too wordy.  The character kept going on and on about nothing.  I stopped reading it.
I know I'm going to get a record number of unhelpful votes for this one, but this review is for those who, like me, don't get the cult of Snicket. (It's always a maybe-the-world-isn't-entirely-mad relief to see there are a few others out there who share your opinion!)I only read "The Bad Beginning"; I felt I got the gist of the scenario and didn't want to re-read the same set-up of the children bonding to would-be guardians, only to have Count Olaf wreck things and no one listen to the siblings when they'd report what Count Olaf is up to and capable of. It was written decently enough, with a couple of glimmers of wit -- ironic definitions of slightly sophisticated words, and narrator Lemony Snicket's brief allusions to his own misadventures -- but, at least in the first book, there wasn't enough use of Klaus' encyclopedic knowledge or Violet's talent, which I can't even recall. (A glance through Amazon's reader reviews reveals she is a "genius inventor" -- I remember that being mentioned but don't recall it coming into play in any compelling way.) Even if the subsequent books do play up these elements more satisfactorily, there wasn't enough to interest or impress me in "Bad Beginning" to force myself to read the same story over and over.
This is the first book by Neal Stephenson I have ever read, or I should say I have ever attempted to read. I got to page 400 and had to stop. I probably should have put the book down after 100 pages, but after so many glowing reviews and endorsements, most notably from the New York Review of Books, I thought I would give it as much of a chance as I could. What a mistake.Maybe I should even go back farther in time - I purchased the book thinking it would be an incredibly fast read, something in the same vein as a Dan Brown or Stephen King book. I was sadly disappointed to find that all of the people who said that this 1000-page monstrosity would be a quick read were terribly, terribly wrong (I also found at least two other people who thought the same thing and I wish I had listened to them when they told me to stop).The book bounces back and forth between World War II and the present day, between grandparents and grandchildren in an all-over-the-map techno-thriller that is simply too dense to be readable. The pacing can only be described as plodding. I find Dickens a quicker read.I think I may have started reading this with the wrong-mind set and maybe I should give it another go in a few years. But for all those looking for a nice-light read, stay away. And for those looking for something that makes you think or something where you can enjoy the texture of the language, stay away as well. Go out and pick up some Virginia Woolf or even some Dickens. It will be time much better spent.
There is no moral equivalence between Christianity and Islam.  It sounds so neat and tidy, this idea that 'fundamentalists' of every stripe are dangerous.  The only problem is that if a belief system is based on loving ones enemies, then a fundamentalist of such belief would be a very loving person, not a terrorist.  Of course, there are historical exceptions and a very few contemporary ones.  People like to mention the Spanish Inquisition but fail to mention that more people are killed by Islamists in any given year than died in all 350 years of the Inquisition.  I am amazed by these people who search high and low, far and wide to find some nerdy kooks who "plan to" "want to" were going to" do some terrible thing when Islamic terrorists by the hundreds of thousands are committing acts of terrorism, large and small, in 30 countries around the world.  And within 10 miles of most American homes there is probably a Muslim family sending his check every month to support the charity/terrorist network.  Oh yes, but what about the KKK?  A few impotent bigots in Alabama and one or two lone gunmen here are there are not equivalent in severity, number, motive, or scope to the cancer of Islamic terror.There simply is no moral equivalence between Islam and Christianity, fundamentalist or otherwise.  People have committed atrocities in the name of the Christian God but such acts (comparatively minute in scope compared to Islamic aggression) put the terrorist at odds with Christian orthodoxy.  You cannot be a good Christian and kill abortion doctors.  The act of murder is forbidden and therefore the terrorist is no better than the abortionist.  On the contrary a Muslim can and must participate in violent Jihad, either personally or through the financial support of it, according to most schools of thought within Islam.  If a Muslim blows up a bus full of Jews, he is a hero and a martyr and a very good Muslim.The Quran implores its legions, "make war on the infidels who dwell around you." Sura 9:123. Such verses are found throughout the Quran while there are no such incitements to violence in the New Testament but rather admonishments to humility, charity, and forgiveness.  I know hundreds of Christian fundamentalists. Even the slightest suggestion of extremist thought would not be tolerated among them.  The author must be a practitioner of yoga, because she has twisted herself and this book into a pretzel of faulty logic and research.Just to mention the atrocities of one small drop in the river of blood that is Islam, one can consider the Danish cartoons furor.  Estimates are that more than 250 people were killed and many buildings bombed and burned as a result of the cartoons.  What was the Christian response to a much more offensive product though equally blasphemous to Christians--The Davinci Code?  The result was a robust public discussion that caused millions of the faithful to read the book to see and decide for themselves.  It is fine to talk about the religious roots of terror.  They are not hard to find.  Open the Quran and read how a Muslim will be rewarded for the horrific murder and dismemberment of innocent women, men, and children.  Make that case, but leave Christians out of it.
I am with the only other one star reviewer. There really is nothing here. This book is beyond boring. No real storyline. No character development. No emotional connection. Just more of the same "deep dark secrets", misunderstanding and endless parties that characterize bad books of this genre. If I hadn't learned a lesson(aviod Samantha James books set in the regency period), I would be angry at myself for wasting my time reading this book.
A third of thew way thru, you will have spotted the killer and curiosity is the only reason to finish. Strange disappearance of Zee, though she wanders through sometimes. The book is weak.
Some reviewers ask how this snoozer won awards. No mystery here. Slick writing, hip 70's views about sex, politics and war equals Hugo and Nebula awards---simple as that. I disagree with reviewers who say the battle scenes are exciting. They are written purposely NOT to be exciting, NOT to be satisfying, NOT to be involving. This is an antiwar novel, not an enthralling story. If you read novels for symbolism, political analysis and hard science, then this is your meat. If, on the other hand, you need a story with characters you care about as well, then trySisters of Glass, SF by an author who's first priority is telling a story.
Friedman's work provides an elementary level commentary on the Torah, and gives explanation of many Hebrew words, but I found it wanting in providing the insight I was expecting from a Hebrew commentary on passages I was studying. I am currently using it as a companion reference for my OT study and I am just finishing Levitcus. I am going page by page and would report that after 430 pages, I do find the commentary particularly helpful because many passages are purposely skipped, and many comments are one liners or minimalized. I also do not like the way he rationalizes Scriptural authority with personal opinion, being influenced by a more contemporary mindset, ie. "In my own view, the present understanding of the nature of homosexuality indicates that it is not an offensive sinm, [also translated abominatiion] as described in this vers. The Hebrew term for "offensive thing" is to be understood as a relative term. ... In light of the evidence at present, homosexuality cannot be said to be unnatural...,,,and the period in which this commandment was binding has come to an end.p 377.378, so the reader must be aware of Friedman's personal views as he substitutes his views for that which other scholars render clearly/  There are passages when he says we do not know what this means and in those passages he is honest as are other biblical commentaries. But this is one man's opinion but he speaks as if representing a whole culture.  I will finish my bible study with this and would recommend the Old Testament Commentary Survey by Tremper Longman III.  However, I would not recommend this book to those who really want to know more of the Hebrew mindset and culture and would not recommend it as I can find much of the same information on Wikipedia
In the beginning, this book was duller than anything I had read it a long while. Guy goes on quest and leaves his daughter at the hands of two corrupt siblings. It's really only when the dwarves really come in that it becomes interesting--that's more than halfway into the book.The plot was without a sense of...wholeness. The characters were all over the place, skipping around without any real sort of purpose. The setting was fine enough,and the writing itse;f was intriguing.Mirror Mirror had the potential to be a fantastic story, but it fell short. Things just happen and without reason. The ending had the shot at being great, but it was abysmal because it was far too apparent.It seemed that toward the end of this novel, Maguire was reminded that he was indeed writing a fracture fairytale and decided to write it. However, the beginning doesn't match up.Simple put, it just did not seem as if Mirror Mirror had all its pieces. I personally did not care for the other aspects of this work because Maguire seems to be of the mind that all dark fantasy has to be suggestive and full of details no reader needs to be reminded of.I do not recommend Mirror to anyone, and especially not under the age of 16.
Overstuffed with WAY to much information; historical and fictional, confused, convoluted, this book was boring and exhausting to read. I had to take a break from it for a while. The characters and events had tenuous connections to each other and it seemed like Lamb was just stuffing them in to document Columbine, Hurricane Katrina, etc even though the connections did not make realistic sense. I stopped caring about Caelum, his family, his cheating wife, everyone. No one in the book seemed to love each other, except maybe Velvet Hoon (does that even sound like a real name?) to Caelum and his wife. Also, Velvet is supposed to be related to an Italian master stone carver from the past, but Velvet doesn't have an Italian last name. Ok, so maybe her dad or someone in her family was not Italian, (I have heard of "Shannon Hoon" from Blind Melon, so maybe it is real, maybe.....)but to me, it would have been more believable if she did have an Italian last name. The other character that showed love was Mr. Mpipi, an African immigrant who worked as a janitor at Caelum's school when Caelum was a boy. He shares his African culture with the kids and does "the dance of great hunger and the dance of great love." (Because we hunger for love, he says. As I did when I was reading this book.) He is a delightful character, but he is only mentioned once in the beginning and then just seems be forgotten. I was hoping he would appear later in the book, as an elderly man, and maybe the adult Caelum talks to and learns something from him, but he never did. I was disappointed about that. It seems like Lamb just kept getting new ideas and forgetting about old ones, instead of developing the old ones and bringing them back, and tying up loose ends like a novel writer should. It was maddening to me and it seemed like the book itself had ADHD. Fortunately, Velvet's story was tied up at the end in a happy ending, and Caelum finds peace with his relatives (whoever they may be and whatever the heck they did).  A relief when it finally ended.
Want a quick idea of what a recipe in this book is like? Okay. Take an avocado and peel it. Dip it in extra virgin olive oil, and then roll it around in a lot of organic celtic sea salt. And there you have it!While this book had some attractive photos, I found it confusing and not helpful at all to a raw beginner. I don't know how they planned on marketing the book -- sometimes Juliano/the ghostwriter would outline things for people who might be completely unfamiliar with raw foods, and then he'd go into things that only an advanced raw foodist would know. Very confusing.I made a few of the recipes and I have to say that they were very unappealing. I wish I had just eaten the ingredients separately instead of blending them up together. And he sure calls for a LOT of olive oil. I sometimes cut the oil in half for the recipes and it was still way too fatty for me. Raw or not, that much fat from oil cannot be good for you.I'd recommend this book only for a more advanced raw foodist who wants some fancy (and time-consuming!) recipes. Beginners should probably beware. I certainly wouldn't mind going to Junliano's restaurant and trying the food that way...but making it from the recipes in this book? I don't think so.
they also had no illustrations in their Andrew Lang Fairy Books I looked at.  The ToC is in the same fixed font as I saw in one collection.  Their blurb appears as hype which is given the lie with a simple sample review.  I will not bother any more with this publisher.
Oh my... I normally really like Laura Lippman, but this book was a complete misfire.  The concept had me drooling for the book to arrive once I ordered it, but literally from the first pages I was disappointed.  My biggest complaint was that there were too many characters.  Ms. Lippman does a great job of establishing the backstory on all of her characters, but when you have so many, like in this book it was about 2/3 of the way into the book before the story really started to flow and capture my attention.  This was definitely not one of my favorites but even the best strike out sometimes.
Not much to say here. It was by far the most boring romance novel I've ever read. The characters were both good people with no real angst or anything motivating them. There was nothing to it other than that the hero and heroine needed to tell each other - dispassionately I might add - that they loved each other, and then get married. Boring!
If you like romance novels or even works set around an historical figure with words and thoughts manufactured by a modern-day author, then perhaps you will enjoy this work. It is made up (and I do mean "made up") of paragraph after paragraph of ramblings, musings, and thoughts purportedly by the heroine, Florence Baker. What blarney! For anyone who is looking for a good biography of Florence Baker, this is a major disappointment. The author gives a meek apology/warning in her "author's note" that this is not a standard biography and that Florence Baker's life is scantily documented yet then launches into what becomes a work of fiction posing as historical fact through the mind and thoughts of the heroine. The excuse, of course is that this is what Florence and the other characters would have been thinking at the time. Pure speculation, of course, tho with the excuse of "I have done all of this research and therefore know what she would have thought."If you wish to learn more about the search for the source of the Nile river and the personages involved a good place to start would be with an older classic, "The White Nile" by Alan Moorehead or the newer "Explorers of the Nile: The Triumph and Tragedy of a Great Victorian Adventure" by Tim Jeal. If, however, you like pseudo-analytical fiction wrapped around a real historical personage reminiscent of the dime novels of the 19th century, then you might enjoy this book. For those looking for a good bio of Florence Baker this is definitely not for you. Just a warning.
I want to like Pain Killers, I really do. Jerry Stahl's style is dark, sharp, caustic and amusing and in Pain Killers he flashes some moments of brilliance. Unfortunately those high moments are eclipsed by a near fetish obsession with the politics of the Holocaust and most specifically Josef Mengele.With a solid set up, extraordinarily strong main character and pitch perfect first act Pain Killers seems like it could be an absolute break out book. The book takes an extreme left turn about mid way through that completely derails the initial momentum and narrative.  Stahl seemed to have a choice, either follow the arch of Manny Rupert or go for Mengele. He chose the latter and the final act of the book is so absurd and ridiculous that it decimates everything before it.Stahl's writing peaks early on with descriptions that leap off the page, but as the book goes on he loses touch with the world he's created in order to revisit the theme of the politics of the Holocaust and how maybe human experiments aren't such a 'bad' thing.  To most this theme will be distasteful enough to completely skip this book, I found it pretty hard to stomach.  The real audience for this book are Stahl fans, perhaps people who've already readPlainclothes Naked, otherwise readers looking for something edgy would do much better with Chuck Palahniuk or Bret Easton Ellis.
When I first saw this book in the store I almost laughed myself to tears. I flipped through it half expecting it to be a coloring book. In any other country Miss Lords would starve, but here in America she is a porn star, actress, singer, exercise and fitness spokesperson, and now author? Come on already.I remember Traci from my adult film collection I had in the 80's. Of course when everyone found out she was 16, all her movies disappeared from the shelves. Then when she turned 18 she made the now impossible to find 'Traci I love you' video which has one of the most hardcore gang bang ever filmed.She went on to make terrible B movies and her greatest claim to fame as an 'actress' was in STephen King's made for TV movie 'TommyKnockers'. You may also remember her from a few episodes of Married...with Children' which featured quite a few porn stars.After buying and reading this book as a joke, I realized Traci is as thin and one dimensional as the paper her story is written on. She is a complete airhead who expects everyone to give her whatever she wants. If she had any talant or at least a personality it would be understandable, but she has none of these. I can't really feel any sympathy for a girl who is eating in the cafeteria at high school and all the boys know her from adult magazines.Traci you are the American Dream. Few have done so much with so little
Too much violence for a children's book.  The story line was plodding at times and very repetitive.  Some cute ideas and some rather inane ones.  So glad they only used the characters and a few ideas from the book when they made the movie.  If the movie had followed this book it would have never become a classic.
It seems the publisher or whoever controls the rights to Laura's books chose Cynthia Rylant for the big-name author approach. Rylant is obviously great, but why couldn't she cut it here? Laura's character is clearly changed, obviously having a "modern" sensibility not in the other books. For instance, in this book the character of Laura refers to her family as "pioneers"--something not done in the original books. The character of Ma is very different in tone, too. Rylant just slapped on the characteristics--such as Pa calling Laura "flutterbudget." Rylant must have chosen to write this book for the money, because it clearly is the worst thing she's ever written.The original series had a particular, exact style. Putting this book in between "Plum Creek" and "Silver Lake" doesn't "fill in" anything--the books were originally written to bridge the gap. Now, with the "Martha" and "Charlotte" books and the new series about everyone who ever approached the Little House, the magic of the original books is getting diluted. In the future no one will probably know which are the "real" books by Laura and which are the books about Ma as a girl, grandma as a girl, Rose as a girl, etc. etc. . How sad.The publisher, HarperCollins, is killing the goose that laid the golden egg.
While Princess in the Spotlight is a well-written, somewhat interesting story, I will not give it to my 9 year old to read. I haven't decided about whether I'll toss it into the trash or donate it to the library. It's an entertaining, light read. The characters are quite flat and the plot is predictable, but if you want something mindless for a blue day, you'll probably enjoy this one.Princess Mia isn't terribly bright, and I'm not talking about her algebra grades. She does strike me as the perfect stereotype of a thoughtless and crude teenage girl. Fortunately, not all teenage girls fit this cookie cutter. If you would prefer that your daughter not conform to the dubious &quot;norm&quot;, I would not recommend this book. It can hardly be considered a classic, and there are much better uses for her time.
Here lies a version of the classic fairytale of Snow White set in the early 1500, in Tuscany.  While many elements of Snow White could be found in this tale, it pits the non-fictional Borgia family as the proverbial &quot;evil witch&quot;, though their part in the story itself was very loosely based on their real lives.While it is evident at the beginning of the book that the author intends to delve on the philosophical and read-between-the-lines aspects of the base fairytale, it fails to entertain.  Oftentimes it is tedious and in truth, I wish that the author would just skip these parts and tell the damn story.  However, I cannot discount the fact that these are all intelligent observations, boring though they are.It becomes more evident as the pages go by that the author is more interested in telling a story about the Borgias, particularly Lucrezia, than he is of Bianca, otherwise known as Snow White.  In terms of the Borgias' lives and interactions, this could pass as a good fictional account, but as a version of Snow White... not that it failed, just that perhaps it would have been infinitely more compelling as a short story rather than a drawn out novel.Many parts of it were, I could only assume, allegorical.  The symbols and fancies could boggle ones mind, mainly because the story started out so realistically then tumbled into magical gobbledygook.  I should have expected it, knowing it was a fairytale after all, but it came out too weird, and adjustments and reminders in perception had to be made.  Ultimately, it's tiresome to try to understand the meaning of Bianca, the dwarves, the mirror, Vicente's quest, the apple, the coffin, the deer come to fetch Lucrezia...The verses in the book were wonderful, though. I enjoyed how it gave the characters more volume and how it set the mood.For all this, I give this book a two and I wouldn't hastily recommend it.  I'm still deciding on who would best be served by reading this.  Perhaps someone who wishes to make a thesis on the fairytale of Snow White or the Borgias.  Who knows?
Had to read this for a child therapy class at the masters level. If you like these types of long over written books then its just for you. Otherwise read a child called it or something more interesting.
I gave this two stars only for the illustrations and because I liked the other books in the series so much.  This is a terrible story it doesn't even make sense.  I thought I missed a page at one point and went back.  I had not missed a page it just really didn't make sense.  The story does not flow and seems forced, like the author couldn't think of anything else.I LOVE If you Give a Mouse a Cookie, If you Give a Moose a Muffin and If you Give a Pig a Pancake.  I love the sequence of events and the fun circular story bringing the reader back to the beginning.  In my humble opinion, she should have stopped there.  They continue to get worse, with this one taking the cake (pardon the pun).  My son would not even sit through the first reading.  Just got up and went to look at another book.  I can't say that I blame him.  And I should say we read the others over and over and over.  We love them.  Save your money and buy a different book.
Too much detail!Some funny stuff but a grind read.Story could use more continuity.Doubt I will read anything else by this writer
Like many on here, I am a big fan of Wally Lamb's books. I loved "She's Come Undone" and loved "I Know This Much is True." So when he finally came out with this book, I was very excited to read it. However, I was very let down. I really wanted to like this book, but had a difficult time following the story. There were too many tangents and content that should have been edited out. The "german beer history" and the "great grandmother" thesis should have been shortened. I skipped through most cause it was soo boring and I just didn't quite get why it was important for us readers to know about it. Anyway, I am still a Wally Lamb fan and do hope that his next book is better.
She's Come Undone is one of my all-time favorite books; I've read it so many times, the pages are starting to show major wear. I also loved Wally Lamb's sophomore novel, I Know This Much Is True, though differently and to a lesser degree.I had high hopes, though, for his latest tome, The Hour I First Believed. I was anxious to see how he handled the Columbine crisis from the point of view of his fictional characters. Lamb is known for his characterizations, and I anticipated a deep, fascinating story in which we'd really get to experience the trauma firsthand with the characters in a way we hadn't been able to with the real life victims.Unfortunately, this book doesn't live up to my expectations. The first half, "Butterfly," is decent enough. It follows Caelum and Maureen Quirk's troubled marriage leading up to, during, and after the Columbine shootings. Maureen, who was in the library that day, quickly spirals down into a black hole of PTSD, and Caelum does everything in his power to keep his wife tethered to him -- however tenuously. The use of real news clippings, transcripts and witness testimonies as a storytelling device helps to keep the gravitas of the situation close. However, Maureen's descent into prescription pill addiction seems too contrived, cliched and quick, and Caelum's frustration with his wife's inability to "get over it" comes off as callous and cold.Part two, "Mantis," begins when the couple decides to move back to Connecticut, their hometown, to start over. Soon after, a tragic incident leads to their separation ("circumstantial, not legal," Caelum later explains to someone) and the book veers off into a completely new direction. "Mantis" involves Caelum's discovery of the diaries and missives written by his great-grandmother Lydia, and her grandmother, Elizabeth. Soon, the lives of these two women becomes the central focus of The Hour I First Believed, and the book's tie to the Columbine tragedy suddenly seems a million miles away.The problem I have with THIFB is that it feels distinctly like two different novels. Had Lamb published them as such,they may have made for interesting reading. However, as one book, it felt scattered and messy.If you're a Wally Lamb fan and are determined to read everything he publishes, pick this one up from the library instead of buying it. If you're just looking for a great piece of literature to sink your teeth into, skip this one altogether. Sorry, Wally.
You pick up the new book by Chris Lynch, an author you like even though he usually writes books dealing with sports, and you don't like sports. As you read the first couple sentences, you notice it's written in the second person. You decide to give it a try, no matter that you find second person narration  artificial and a little pretentious. You read about a teen named Will who has lost his father and stepmother in an accident that might not have been an accident. Will goes to a special school, you come to understand, because he didn't take their deaths well. You really don't like Will or his Grandparents who are ineffectual. To you they seem like scenery that wrings its hands a lot. You do like his sometimes friend Angela who might be a lesbian since she insists she doesn't date boys. You also like some of the sprung-from-teen-angst observations and wisdom, but you find the slim plot about a string of teen suicides a bit clich&eacute;d. You are confused when Will starts blaming himself for the suicides. Your confusion is compounded when some of the adults seem to blame him too. You actually spend a few moments wondering if you are just not a skilled enough reader to understand this literary experiment. After finishing the book, you decide that's not the case. You're smart enough, and this is just a choose your own adventure without the fun of the choices.
Dooling is a good writer, although he is too fond of mixed and and corny metaphors that feel, say, shoulder to shoulder with the treacly taste of a butterscotch malt on steroids. The language play does not impede, though, and this book is a fast read. But what about the characters and situations?--A young uber-geek, strung out on computers and recreational drugs.--The 30-ish insurance fraud investigator Carver, obsessed with an ambiguous sex object, and imitating private dick speech from film noir.--The ambiguous sex object Miranda, another fraud investigator whose religious fanaticism pops up often and annoyingly.--An older and grumpy insurance section head who hypocritically reminisces too often about the old days.--A stereotyped police detective whose skill set embarrasses the inept FBI goons.--And other minor players recognizable from movies. Or wait, maybe Dooling had a movie script in mind here.This cast is set in the context of selling insurance policies (viaticals) that sit on the edge of, or jump into, fraud. If you are VERY interested in viaticals, you might like this book and its goofy twists and turns. But you will have to tolerate bizarre relationships, especially between Carver and Miranda. The oddest scene happens toward the end of the book when Carver storms Miranda's apartment and furiously shrieks out a metaphor with Jacob and Esau of Genesis fame. It goes on for pages. So far, so bad...and then...huh? Instead of dialing 911, Miranda suddenly gets all snuggly and Carver gets rewarded for his ranting.If I had cared about any of the characters, I might have enjoyed this more. I can't wait to avoid the movie version.
I read this book when I was 10, and it is one of the dumbest books of my youth.  It really isn't anything special.  But the thing I hate the most is this;  How come they praise the pig for being special when the spider should be the one getting the attention?!?!  Kids will hate this book, including me and the whole 5th grade.  Also, Kids will not pick up on any morals; adults will not find it interesting either.
I started reading and very quickly found myself skim reading the entire book.  The only interesting story, of which there were many, was the grandfather's memoir.  That was the meat of the book the rest was not needed and it was drawn out way too long.
It was like a chore to get through this book. Work. Like grueling manual labor. I see a lot of people really liked it, which is odd because normally my taste is not that far off of mainstream likes and dislikes. I have read my share of fiction including the likes of Clancy, King and some sci-fi including hard sci-fi by the likes of Sheffield or Niven. Many of the technically oriented writers out there are bad at character development. Stephenson is one of them. He is a great writer but goes off the deep end in his digressions and details and needs a better editor to keep him on track.This was an interesting tale but incredibly flawed in the area of character development. I felt no empathy whatsoever for the characters. The love interests did nothing for me, I never "felt" anything. The only character I could understand was Goto Dengo because his background and motivations were relatively in sync. All the others were so off the wall and bizarre in their thoughts, feelings and motivations that I felt like the author was on drugs half the time. They did things totally not in keeping with who they were or should have been.The narrative is witty to the point of annoying and precious. Stephenson went off on so many tangents that I would lose track  of where the story was. There are so many complex subplots and characters that I almost started taking notes.I also just don't buy that there are so many evil but incredibly well informed business people out there, all with state of the art crypto programs and ultra-greedy paranoid intentions.If you're a computer programmer or otherwise technically fascinated by the particulars of cryptology, go for it.  Otherwise I can't recommend this.
I am sorry. I really tried to read this book. I did not like or enjoy this book. I am not really a sci-fiction book reader. Although I truly love "2001 A Space Odysi"  I must have read it three times.The  military jargon was really a stretch for this book. Sorry, it was too much to tolerate.
I had read two other Sue Miller books and liked them so I decided to read this one. Several times I almost put it down, but stayed with it because of the favorable reviews I read on this site.  While I like a book where the main character is flawed, generally I wind up caring about that character and rooting for them.  In this case, I didn't like Anna and found her to be unsympathetic.  I actually wasn't crazy about most of the characters in the book.  Of course, the little girl was lovable.  Leo, while flawed and certainly short on good judgement, was overall more sympathetic than Anna.  The incident that occurred is understandable in the context of blurred boundaries in the Anna-Leo household and would be met with outrage in the Brian-Brenda household.  I can see how that plot is a sound one in that it is troubling but not totally black and white.  I do think that both Leo and Anna learned a lot from it and the it all could have been handled better, but people don't always behave reasonably.  But, it seemed to me that Anna was frigid emotionally as well as sexually and this manifested throughout her life and it's not clear why.  Nor is it clear where her destructive behavior towards herself and her family is coming from.  Her family is far from perfect, but not nearly terrible enough to explain these things.  I would not recommend this book.
Before this I read Lowell's The Wrong Hostage and enjoyed it.  This, however, was dreadful. Pointless, inert and populated with cardboard characters.  The publisher had to know how putred this was, but I guess they wanted to make a buck and avoid pissing off a lucrative author.
Simmons was suggested to me by a friend.  The Amazon reviews for this author and this book are good.  I decided to break myself in with these five novellas.  I found the main introduction, along with the introductions to the individual stories somewhat interesting, mostly, because it helped get inside the authors head.  He is obviously influenced by eastern religion and philosophies.  I actually enjoyed the revealing intros more than the stories.  I appreciate and read science fiction on occasion, however I did not value these five.  They do not develop enough, and I found no redeeming value. The stories:Looking for Kelly: Although at times there is wonderful prose, I found the story confusing, uninteresting and nihilistic.  The vulgarities are unnecessary and the science is lame.  The earth story is basically about a male teacher who gets himself into a bazaar life and death struggle with a former female student.Orphans of Helix: This was developed from his Hyperion series.  He lost me with his future space dialect.  It also contains evolutionary thought.  Space travelers seek to start a new civilization then meet up with a morphed human culture, where they immobilize a rogue machine called a destroyer which is terrorizing this culture.  It reminded me of an old star trek episode.  It could have been an interesting story.Ninth of Av: This distant future story jumps around too much and does not explain what things are.On K2: Again, there is needless vulgar language.  Written in first person, where three mountain climbers take on Mt. Everest, though with a guest, a space alien.  It could have been good without the alien, and the language.End of Gravity: A writer goes to a space center in Russia.  Uninteresting.Lord blessScott
It never ceases to amaze me how these pop-metal hair bands from the 80's think that they are so special and they have experienced something that no other band in the world has experienced.  Motley Crue isn't the only 80's band that is guilty of it....but they seem to be the most vocal about it.  Other than the specific childhood stories....this book could have been written about any hair band.News-flash for Motley Crue and their gullible fans :  We already know that the world is full of young, slutty groupies that would have sex with a Saint Bernard if you through a guitar around it's neck! You are NOT the only band that has engaged in rampant alcohol and drug abuse!  You are not special!  Rock and pop bands have been having sex with slutty groupies since the 1950's!  The ugly-ass bastards in Bachman Turner Overdrive and Dr. Hook can tell these same stories!  It's been rumored that Stevie Wonder has had every single STD known to man, except for HIV, all caught from slutty groupies in every city across the country.Instead of rehashing these tired-ass stories over and over again....why don't you explain to your fans why you haven't put out a decent album in over ten years (?)
Funny at times, but laden with inaccurate information.  The first chapter is an interesting read about our last presidential race debacle with facts presented with liberal sprinkling of personal vendetta.The rest of the book reads like a manifesto of an insane individual.  Loaded with personal anger and frustration along with idiotic assumptions.  The introduction basically sums up what you are in for with this book.  The prose presented here is everything wrong with the world is Bush's fault.  The terror attacks, the dot-com implosion, the weather.After reading the introduction I resigned myself to the understanding that the book is presenting a case that everything that happened in the beginning of the current presidential term is a direct result of Bush's inability to lead.  I'll just refute one item presented here.  The economy didn't collapse last year or two years ago.  It started three years ago.  I work in an Internet consulting firm and our work pipeline died the last summer of Clinton's second term.  The majority of people who like this book will leap at these direct connections and fail to realize that the problem of today are in fact the decisions of pervious decades.  We won't see the effects of most of our current presidents decisions until months and years to come.
I believe this book contains some of the most ridiculous plot lines that I've ever read in any novels!  A whole neighborful of people suspecting the heroine of murder just because she argued with her mother once on the morning of the mother's mysterious death?  And even her own father suspecting her of it?  And trying to dispell this suspicion just by making a portrait of the her & presenting it to the world?  And the heroine, a noble lady, sleeping with the hero, Gerrard Debbington, without even the promise of a forth-coming marriage(as far as she knew) when the hope of making a respectable marriage for herself in the future wasn't still beyond her & doing so without even taking any precautions against a possible pregnancy?  Does this make any sense to anybody?  (It sure doesn't to me!)
The plot was alright. None of the characters were believable or even likeable and there were a few characters that weren't really relevant to the story. The final result wasn't surprising enough it was just simple which is a bummer especially since you have to go through all those cliffhangers to find a regular end.
If I had read this book by Chrichton first, I never would have read any of his other works.  The book itself is not too bad, the writing is jerky at times, however, my main problem with it is his overall attitude and personality.  Chrichton reveals himself to be a very arrogant and snotty person through this book.  He doesn't travel to these exotic locations because he has any interest in them, he only goes there because it's not easily accessible to other people.  If the "average" person can't go there, he does just because he can.  Another way he shows that he thinks he is better than everyone is at one point in the book he describes meeting some African women and while he is sitting there talking to them he mentions that he had a hard time seeing them as people.  To him they were no different than animals.  Then he just moved on to his next adventure.  He cared nothing for the places or people; he came, he saw, on to the next place.  He also shows his arrogance by ignoring the recommendations of people experienced in activities he does or places he's visiting.  Someone would say to him "You can't do that and this is why." and he would just either ignore them or argue with them believing he could do anything only to find out he was wrong and it was always a shock to him.After a while, I just got tired of his vague, negative descriptions of the places he's been (he seemd to have all these high hopes for each place and was never satisfied when reality hit) and the way something truly terrifying happened to him everytime he went some where new.  This book is far from his best and has actually turned me off reading him ever again.
This book has many disconnected thoughts and ideas about "mass movements" but nothing really sticks.  He never seems to have compelling arguments for his generalizations.  a book on modern social psychology has much better explanations for his concept of "mass movements". He spends a lot of time dividing people into categories and classifications.  If some of his generalizations don't fit some of his examples, he simply dismisses them.  The last paragraph of the book, the capstone you might call it, blew me away. What is he saying? The jews, and later the christians, invented 'this malady of the soul' called fanatacism? I don't know what to think or say. Here we go again with "the jews started it."
I absolutely LOVED, "She's Come Undone" and, "I Know This Much Is True"... I finished this book simply because I started it.  The characters or Mo and Caelum just did nothing to make me CARE about them...  The back story of his ancestors was so tedious that eventually I started skipping ahead whenever a journal entry started... I made myself finish it, but I would not recommend this book to anyone like I did his first two books.  Oh well... I guess every writer has a slow story once in a while.
I always felt badly that I had never read this classic book, that I was somehow not really an SF fan because of it.  Eventually, guilt or shame brought it to the top of my in-pile, and I dove in.  Now part of me wishes I had simply left it there.The premise is that humanity of early 21st century is at war with a far-flung alien race.  We're not quite sure how it started, but it looks like they shot first.  The only FTL is via some kind of wormhole, but there is plenty of slower-than-light travel to and from, and much of that travel is at relativistic speeds.So, rather than leaving it as a pure space-navy war, we decide we need some boots on the ground.  So who do we recruit as our cannon-fodder?  Only the best and brightest will do.  So we skim off the cream of our intellectual crop and send them off to battle.  If only their commanding officers were as smart.Which is leads me to the main complaint about this book.  The people in charge were always extremely short-sighted and downright stupid.  I recognize that to some extent this is a screed against the U.S. political/military leadership from the U.S.-Vietnam war, but it got really annoying as to just how stupid they were making these folks.How stupid?  Well, they planned their training with the expectation that half of the trainees would be killed or permanently maimed during the training.  They also sent them on missions over the years (in fact, centuries) where the expectation was an average of 66% casualties per mission.  But it's not like we were stuck in the jungles, trying not to kill too many civilians.  Nope, we were fighting over deserted rocks.  What part of orbital bombardment did they miss?And then there was the whole Malthusian situation back on Earth.  I know there was a lot of concern about the rapid rise of population back in the 1970's, but even growing up with that, I was never all that worried.  The concern, as originally laid out by Thomas Malthus in the late 1700's, was that our population would outstrip our food production, and that the only ways to combat this were draconian birth control of the less desirable or poorer populations or outright war and starvation to bring the population back down to a manageable level.Some of offshoots of this back on Earth during the Forever War were an economy based entirely on calories.  Then there were some civil wars and lawlessness that brought the population down.  And then we had enforced and universal homosexuality.  Maybe it's because I now live in a world where most demographers realize we are not headed towards a Malthusian catastrophe, but frankly, I found most of this to be ridiculous.Perhaps it's unfair of me to lay these criticisms on Haldeman's 1970's book, but its repetitive message that our leaders are stupid and we are all doomed was very tiring.  I prefer more optimistic futurists because instead of complaining about all the insurmountable problems facing us, they tend to propose the solutions that actually solve those problems.And my final complaint about the book was that the resolution of the war was very much deus ex machina.  After centuries, humanity transformed into another form that was able to communicate with the warmongering aliens.  No, we can't explain to you how the communication works, but now that it does, everything is just fine.  The war was a silly misunderstanding, and now everyone can live happily ever after.  We thank you for your centuries of pointless sacrifice.About the only thing I did find worthwhile in the book was the realities of relativistic travel, of skipping forward into the future.  Friends and family age and die.  Technology and society march on in unexpected directions.  The realities of life, death, and injury change from one trip to the next.  That, at least, was interesting.But by and large, I did not enjoy the book.
I haven't read any of her other work. I'm sure the writing is just as beautiful and sensitive as it was in this one (and it was), but how could anyone take such gifts and use them to do things like describe first love as a disease? I felt utterly horrible the whole time I was reading this. It was depressing, without any sort of emotional reward.The character names sounded fake.I'm not saying the book was bad (the star ratings, I noticed, have to do with how much I enjoyed the book), but it takes a certain type of reader to deal with protracted melancholy. There's a certain tension that comes from a character seeing herself in a situation which she finds uncomfortable from day one, and then just staying in it until it ends horribly. This is just fair warning to people who like to actively solve problems.
This book is way too dark for children. Ears getting cut off, kids getting run over. We can do better for our children.
Hall of Suck inductee!  Yes my friends, this baby is a colossal disaster.  And I do mean colossal - the length of this book is only trumped by its failure."Craptonomicon"... has that been used before?  It really isn't very original.  I'm not even proud of it... I'm not like "hee, hee, hee... that's awesome" or something.  It is pretty lame actually... and I'm more lame for have written it... or even thought of it for that matter.  Frankly, I just needed a title for this review and it just popped in my head.  Hmmm... sort of like images of the zombie war or baked beans on toast. You know - the kind of beans on toast you might eat in England? You know what?  Someone in London told me once that the reason British fans fight at soccer games is the smell of urine.  Apparently, fans get served fish n' chips wrapped in newspapers.  Then, instead of going to the restroom, they roll up the paper and pee in it... then discard it at their feet.  The theory goes that the scent of all this urine sets off an animal reaction that causes fighting.  So there - now you have something to discuss with your grandparents over dinner.Anyway - The plot isn't even remotely clear until you read about 400 pages.  I kept asking myself, "the point is what... the point is what... the point is what?"  The book jumped from the past to the present frequently - often with really no clue as to when it was happening.  The book also jumps back and forth between a few different plot lines (which also bounce from past to present) until they finally converge after a mere 700 or 800 pages.I read this dog from front to back.  Not because I wanted to - I came to view it as a challenge.  I refused to let this meandering troll of a novel make me put it down.  "You will not defeat me!  You will not defeat me!  You will not defeat meeeeeeeeeeeeee!"The sad thing is that I think that there might actually be a good book buried in the depths.  A good editor could perhaps strip 50% of the content out and have something readable.  I mean, do we really need an in-depth description of the Captain Crunch cereal or page after page of mathematical analysis of how often a bike chain will fall off a bike?Frankly, reading this book made me angry.  Unlike some books, which just irritate, annoy, or bore you to death, this book was so poor that it angered me to have wasted my time on it.  In that respect, I'd compare it to watching your favorite football team lose.  Sometimes the team loses and you are just disappointed and maybe annoyed.  Other times, the loss is so ridiculous that you come away angry about it.  That's Cryptonomicon.
At an age when most 16 year old girls are dreaming about their first kiss Traci Lords was performing in XXX Rated Adult Movies.She takes no responsiblity for her actions and blames her troubled childhood for what she became . Sadly and tragically there are many girls who are sexually abused at a young age yet few of them go into the porn industry. From reading this book it appears that Ms. Lords wants it both ways(no pun intended) She displays a contempt for the porn industry yet one gets the impression that she enjoyed all of the attention, fame and money that came with it.And just like any other "has been" sex symbol  she writes a book about her life. This is one ex porn Queen who should seriously consider changing her name (for the second time!!!) and getting her hair dyed black so nobody will recognize her as the starlet in the XXX rated movies they used to drool over.
i want to say that i love everything michael moore stands for - the passion, the blackmail, etc. i'm a pretty liberal girl, in fact i probably qualify as a socialist... but guess what? i'm also educated.as moore notes, he dropped out of college. of course, there are some undisputedly highly self- educated people out there. moore just does not strike me as one of them. while many of his assertions make sense, some of them are mind-bogglingly pathetic and unrealistic. it's not even worth the &quot;humor&quot; - it's just appalling.for example, moore's &quot;solution&quot; to the conflict in northern ireland is to force all of the protestants there to become catholic. this presents so many problems that i stopped reading the book after that chapter, and don't intend to finish it. he also believes that the solution to the problems in israel and the west bank and for the israelis to lay their bodies down in the road because he somehow believes it is actually impossible for a tank to drive over them. he also offers to volunteer to help. this hypocracy is similar to his acceptance of owning a van that gets the same gas milage as an SUV but condeming SUVS.after the initial chapter addressing the bush issue, this book goes WAY downhill. it is incredibly sad. while moore holds the power to inform the ill informed, he decides to propegandize. well intentioned, but doesn't make the cut. whatever happened to the days of roger and me?
I found this book very hard to get into, and in fact finally gave up on it after a very turgid 200+ pages. The author jumps from the 1940s to the 1990s at will and his characters are two dimensional and did not seem real  to me. The story had to do with the creation of a &quot;data haven&quot; in  the Phillipine Islands, but the author never fully explained the  significance of a data haven or why it would be important. The editors  should also do some fact checking. For example, I don't think the Special  Air Service (in the British Military) existed during WWII.  I had high  hopes for this book as I worked in a related area while in the Air Force,  but I was disappointed, and I'm afraid that many others will be as well.
If you'll excuse me for being too clever by half, I think that hand on the cover of "The Hour I First Believed" (the hardcover edition, that is) may belong to the author, Wally Lamb.  It holds a candle burning at both ends, which is a pretty fair description of what he did with this book.  He stuffed in way too much material, a mistake plenty of authors make, even experienced ones.  Usually, this is merely a venal error.  In this case it's pretty close to a moral disaster.That's an outrageous statement, I know.  Let me put it this way - it's one thing to include in a work of fiction some vast, painful historical event that brings grief to thousands, but it's quite another to say that the event in question is significant because it gives some passive-aggressive loser the chance to say "poor me" once more.  In this novel, Lamb commits that error three separate times.This is actually kind of a delicate issue.  I don't mean that a novelist shouldn't deal with, say, the Columbine massacre, or that the novelist has to write about all the people impacted by that catastrophe rather than just the protagonist, or that public disasters have no private consequences.  I mean that neither you nor I would want to hang around a real person who talked incessantly about how Columbine had ruined his or her personal life, and I don't much feel like hanging around with a fictional character who does that, either.  Say hello to Caelum Quirk.By a swirl of circumstance, Caelum finds himself at his family's farm in Connecticut dealing with the death of his last surviving relative while his wife, Maureen, a school nurse, hides from Klebold and Harris in the Columbine high school library.  She survives, but understandably develops a bad case of shell shock.  This gives Caelum, a teacher at the school, a bad case of survivor's guilt.  This only aggravates his addictions to rage and to alcohol, of course.I now proceed to reveal some plot points that you might not want to have revealed if you're planning to read "The Hour I First Believed", but like a lot of pop fiction, the point of this novel is not what happens, but how Caelum feels about what happens, so it really doesn't matter much.Caelum and Maureen head back to Connecticut for some healing, recovery, therapy, etc.  In Maureen's case, said healing includes a little self-medication, and next thing you know she has killed a young man while driving under the influence.  Off to jail with her.To help meet medical, legal and other bills, Caelum takes into his house a mixed-race couple from New Orleans, fleeing Hurricane Katrina.  The wife of this couple finds the Quirk family records stored in the house, and as a Ph.D. candidate in Women's Studies, writes a dissertation proposal regarding Caelum's great-great-great-grandmother, who helped to found the women's prison in which Maureen now serves sentence.  Many family secrets are revealed, including the secret of Caelum's mother and father and their relationship.  And in passing, Caelum finds time to bemoan the 9/11 attacks.  Columbine, ancient family shame, Katrina, addiction, wrongful death, the Twin Towers - when it comes to personal tragedy at the turn of the millennium, this guy has really hit the jackpot.And therein lies my problem with "The Hour I First Believed" - none of this material can be described solely as Caelum Quirk's personal tragedy, but he describes it as if that was the only important detail.  In truth, although he's the novel's narrator and presumably its hero, he's utterly passive throughout.  Things happen to him - his wife goes through the Columbine massacre and a tragic car accident, his tenants lose their home, his terminally alcoholic handyman reveals the hidden secret of his birth, his beloved aunt fails to prevent that prison for women from devolving into a hive of abuse, and Caelum basically has nothing to do but sit back, watch it all go down, and complain about how miserable it all makes him.  Yecch.I suspect that many readers will object to this characterization because the events of this novel are so "real".  And indeed, if one person went through all this (as perhaps someone did), that person might well react the way Caelum Quirk does.  Well, call me a snob, folks, but I don't read fiction to discover what might really happen or what someone might really do - that's what the news is for, not literature.  People have written large books on the subject of what literature is for, and it's not that.  Among other things, fiction is designed to expand our repertoire of emotional reactions to the stuff of life, something that "The Hour I First Believed" does not do even a little bit.  We already know how to complain about the bad things life throws at us, after all.  With all due respect, if that's the kind of realism you're after, you should go watch Oprah.  She loves Wally Lamb.  Two of his books appear on her reading list, but interestingly, not this one.  Make of that what you will.I'm sure Wally Lamb is a very nice guy.  He runs a creative-writing program at a real women's prison, his writing style is at least clear and smooth, and he obviously has enormous compassion for people.  It therefore pains me to say it, but the victims of Columbine, Hurricane Katrina, 9/11 and any local traffic fatality deserve better than this.Benshlomo says, Life and literature are not about you.
The character of Candy was interesting in the first book, however she grows stale in this second book of Abarat. I really liked the first book, with it's descriptions of each island representing a different hour. There are hardly any new islands described. Yeah, there is a scene on the pyramid island and one other on the island that the princess was killed on, by the dragon. But, mostly it's just Candy running from diffent characters while narrowly avoiding capture. Many of these scenes are not very well done. The one in which Candy escapes Christopher Carrion is especially dreadful, with the end being telegraphed from a mile away. The book ends with very little solved and hardly anything happening, besides the deaths of a few minor characters. I wanted to know more about the various creatures and peoples living on the islands. I wanted to know more about the monsters of the deep. I wanted more than Clive Barker delivered. If another in the series comes out I'll definately read the reviews and maybe a chaper or two in the book store before I deside to read it. I am not going to bet on it though. jay.
I finally broke down and read this. I've read Dude Wheres My Country and found a little less than half of it good the rest was nonsense.This book gets 1 star from me for its amusement value. It gets another star for the Bush bashing. So a total of 2 stars. More probably than it deserves, the rest of it probably rates a big negative and should by all rights cancel out the first two, but I'll give it to Moore for effort of nothing else.Moore is economically illiterate. He is also very ignorant. This book mainly rehashes old myths about capitalism that have been proven wrong over and over again for decades.Moore attributes anything he doesn't like or understand to the evils of what he calls "C-A-P-I-T-A-L-I-S-M". Funny he doesn't seem to mind it when collecting his book royalties, but lets leave that for now.An example from the book is the so-called California "energy crisis" Moore rants that this was a failure of capitalism because the energy shortages came after "deregulation". Unfortunately for Moore, California never deregaulted the energy market. They may have called it that, but in reality they re-regulated it heavier than it had been before and outlawed the very mechanisms that would have provided for a stable and inexpensive energy supply. The market was interfered with and manipulated by politicians and the results were exactly as expected. Stupid white men allright with Moore and Gray Davis holding the pole positions in the stupid race.What blew my mind in the whole book was Moore blaming the pitful misery and poverty on the Indian reservations on the evil C-word. Had Moore bothered to do any research on this at all he would have discovered that they are miniature centrally planned, socialist economies run by the federal government's Bureau of Indian Affairs, complete with Soviet-style "five-year plans."The= resevations are the very epitome of socialism and its destructiveness. This is a test-tube for federally administered socialism and apparently exactly the way Moore would have us all live. This is socialism in practice and had worked exactly the same way in every single socialist state on Earth from the mighty Soviet Union to Cuba.Not of course not for Moore and his elite buddies, he'll go move in next door to Barbara Streisand and Alec Baldwin  two massively rich folks also "concerned" for the poor. Be sure they will have their mansions and limos as we turn the rest of the country into one big federally managed Indian reservation.When the Indians beg for the BIA to leave them alone they build homes, factories, schools and make themselves prosperous. That is what captialism does. American Indian leaders understand that capitalism will be their economic salvation, just as the socialist hellholes called "reservations" have abused them for generations.Moore also comes across as a shill for big labor.Claiming to be an advocate of the "poor" Moore supports the union position by giving Nike business for hiring the poor to work in their factories enabling them to lift themselves, their familes and their communities out of grinding poverty. Nope, no can do. Moore says Nike should price these people out of the market taking away the only advantage they have to compete.  I suppose Moore likes the idea of them having to send their children to scavenge in garbage dumps and selling their daughters into prostitution.Amazingly Moore even blames the problems of crime, bad schools, poverty, and governmental corruption in Washington, D.C. on "C-A-P-I-T-A-L-I-S-M." Washington, D.C., like the Indian reservations, is an island of socialism. Its government-run schools are among the nation's worst; it is one of the highest-tax jurisdictions in America; has the largest number of local governmental bureaucrats of any city of comparable size; its police are notoriously ineffective and corrupt; and to D.C. residents the notion of "public service" is a cruel joke. This is all the result of government failure in a city that worships government.In the end, after misdiagnosing nearly every social and economic problem that he writes about, showcasing his total ignorance, incorrectly blaming them on capitalism, Moore proposes bigger and bigger government and higher and higher taxation - socialism - as a sure-fire cure-all for America's ills. Talk about Stupid White Men.
Half way through I'm wondering if I want to finish this turkey.  And that's disappointing.  I really did like Stepsister.  I also believe Wicked is a stand alone work of art!  I recommend it to anyone I meet.  I love Mr. Maguire's twists on classic fairy tales.  I hope he's not being forced by the "powers that be" (publishing companies) to crank them out quicker than he is comfortable doing.  I'm sure it took a long time for him to create Wicked and fill in all those gaps and answer all those questions!  No stone was left unturned.  Perhaps he even had some of the questions already answered in his mind for "confessions'" Cinderella and Stepsister?  It just doesn't seem that Mirror Mirror is as well put together and researched as the others.  Therefore, it seems a little disjointed --- lacking in flow.  It also seemed like an awful lot of writing just for the sake of meeting a minimum word count.  I do hope Mr. Maguire has more time (or whatever else he needs ) in order to produce another Wicked.  Perhaps we, as readers, should also coinsider Wicked as a singualar work of art by this artist and not compare everything he writes against that benchmark?  Just an idea.
Considering all the praise lavished  on the by the people here I was expecting a lovable novel about the trials and tribulations of a difficult woman in the Bridget Jones fashion.  I like, but did not love BJ so I figured this Helen Bradshaw might have exaclty what is takes to be the quintessential British, single girl herione.I was wrong.First off let me warn the reader that the heroine is completely unlikable.  She has no great beliefs nor goals (compare to BJ quest for innerpoise), does not really like her friends nor her family.  Her would-be goof-ball behavior instead comes off as mean and stupid.  After Reading it I searched for other reviews of the novel and found one which described the style as &quot;cosmogirl goes to a funeral&quot;.  Every Chapter begins with a vignette of what life was like before that will inevitably tie into the current situation.  The tecnique would work better in short stories and here is a constat riminder that this is a lightweight, trying to use the heavey situations for comedy.Far along it feels like Ms. Maxted knows the formula, just not how to satisfy.  The love interest is usually painfully too good for Helen which only makes Helen come off looking worse especially when she pickes fights and then blames him.  The only scene that sugests differently is one where he seems rather like a creepy pervert, though the scene is suppossed to be the romantic comedy the rest of the novel tries to be.Maybe because of her work in magazeens the author decided to add some social issuses.  I suppose they are supposed to add heftby but they just clutter the story with more unlikable events. I could understand just the death of the father storyline, but the mother suicide attempt, Adrian abusing Tina just make Helen seem more pithy and despicable.  Also with this taking up some much of the time it is impossible to give a damn about romantic tribulations and work.Don't waste you time nor your money.  Find something else to do.
Extremely disappointing book, poorly written and poorly edited. I regret wasting my time and money on this book. I wouldn't recommend it or pass it along to a friend.
I could not finish this book. It was just too over the top anti-Bush. I am not a Bush fan and I loved Bowling for Columbine so I thought the book might be entertaining. But it was just a screed. One note played over and over.
I enjoyed reading "The Fifth Ring", Mitchell Graham's fast-paced and wonderuflly nostalgic debut novel, but "The Ancient Legacy" doesn't live up to its predecessor.  At the start we find Mathew Lewin traveling in disguise, still trying to recover his ring.  He eventually wins a sea battle, reunites with Father Thomas, and travels back to his hometown.  Once there, will Lara be willing to cast aside the last four years and hop right into an instant marriage with him?  You get one guess.  But they'd better hurry, because a big, bad conspiracy or Orlocks, power-hungry pirates and religious fanatics is about to sweep down on the free world.  And it will take every plot device in the dictionary if the good guys are to emerge on top.Of course there's nothing wrong with formula fantasy.  Graham's problem in "The Ancient Legacy" is that he uses the same scenes, almost to the letter, over and over again.  Whenever Mathew takes off into the face of danger, the other good guys insist on coming with him.  He tries to explain that he needs to go alone.  They refuse to listen.  There's a big argument.  And the conclusion is always the same.  This happens on at least five separate occasions, always with the same result.  Why bother writing it over and over?Also, a general tone of laziness pervades the writing.  Consider this howler: "A stack of crates stood along the far wall, and Mathew could easily guess what their contents contained."  A couple pages later, a massive fight takes place at the "Ntrance" to a tunnel.  Got to watch out for those ntrances; you never know what might be lurking inside.
My first Stephenson book, and maybe my last. I was interested to read other reviews that indicated that this book was not reflective of his talent. I certainly hope not.The book was overwritten and boring. At page 434, I had invested some time but I just could not care what happens to these boring people in their mechanical lives. Where's the story, I kept on thinking to myself, this will get better, there is so much potential here. I can't help but feel that if he edited the book down to 434 pages, it could have been a great story.
I wanted to give this no stars, but cannot do so.  I have twice ordered this product and have received neither copy.  Frankly, I give up.  I would have like to have had the opportunity to read it since I am interested in organized crime and its inner workings.
I struggled with this but only got one third through before I gave up.  Some funny parts and excellent metaphors but I was scanning through pages at a time and getting bored.  Guess I'm just not smart or nerdy enough.
Some good points, such as disciplined workouts and performing morning workouts, etc.,... but mostly outweighed by the bad points. Too simplistic exercises, simplistic exercise routines and strength training that is pretty much a joke.Diet recommendations are the same old "touchy-feely" story (i.e., Dr. Weill-oriented) of "certain carbs are really good for you while some aren't." (Hint: grains aren't! Not at all.)While author makes saturated fats once again the "boogey-man" (without quoting any actual concrete clinical studies), he likewise praises Omega fats - and especially flaxseed oil - to high heaven. Strange that author leaves out this study:  "Flaxseed oil is a rich source of alpha-linolenic acid, which has been shown to be beneficial in both heart disease and breast cancer. According to Dr. Charles E. Myers Jr., however, a scientist at the University of Virginia Medical School in Charlottesville, available research suggests that alpha-linolenic acid may be dangerous for prostate cancer patients... We no longer recommend flaxseed oil to our male patients in the Diabetes Exercise Center and Cardiac Rehabilitation Program, however, because current medical opinion has related these supplements to prostate cancer."(...)Even author's hero, Dr. Weill, has "seen the light"...(...)The flaxseeds themselves are now "supposedly" okay, but not the oil (for men)???(...)QUOTE: One interesting way to study the role of fats and their affect on weight loss or gain is to look at the animal feed industry. If ever there was a group of people with economic interest in weight gain, it is the livestock industry. Back in the days when fat was "in," the fatter the pig you could raise the better. Lard was a basic staple for cooking in the days of our forefathers. It was found that feeding pigs polyunsaturated fats (primarily soybean and corn oil) would put more fat on them. This is the reaction of the longer chain fatty acids found in vegetable oils, and is well documented in the scientific literature. Today, however, we've come full circle with our new low-fat mantra, and the consumer demand is now for low-fat meats. So how does one produce a leaner pork?Well according the Department of Animal Science of North Carolina State University, during the "finishing time" before slaughter, you stop feeding them polyunsaturated oils and start feeding them saturated fats.[3] They used beef tallow in their experiment, which they found was a bit hard for the pigs to digest. So some farmers are now actually starting to use coconut oil, a plant-based saturated fat, instead. So what are the fats found on the shelves of grocery stores today, that make up the majority of the U.S. diet? Polyunsaturated fats: mostly soybean oil, which commonly is referred to as vegetable oil. These are the same fats that have been known to fatten livestock in the animal feed business. The saturated fats, which made up most of the fats in the diet of our forefathers, have been almost banned by modern nutrition advice. The result: Lean pigs and obese people. END QUOTE
I was hooked on this book when I first started reading it.  The first few chapters were hilarious!  I laughed out loud a few times during the first chapter alone.  Then around the time she stopped talking about her childhood and moved on to her adult life, I lost interest.  Very quickly.  I began finding it a chore to finish each chapter.  I would read a few pages, put it down, then not pick it up again for a couple of days.  Usually I would finish a book of this length in one night, but it took me almost two weeks of on and off reading to complete it.  I recommend that you do not pay for this book.  If you think that it looks interesting, go to the library.  I regret paying the small price that I did for it.  I wouldn't want someone else to make the same mistake.
Lisa Kleypas and Julia Quinn are wonderful writers.  This book is not up to either of their usual work.  Often collection of short stories and novelas are a disappointment.  I was surprised to find this book fit that stereotype.
Elijah Wald's Narcocorrido has many things to recommend it. At his best, Wald exposes his readers to a world they probably know nothing about - that of the Mexican songwriters who compose corridos for and about drug traffickers. Wald also has quite an adventure hitchhiking through Mexico, exploring its different regions, and meeting all kinds of people.Having said that, I cannot give the book more than a lukewarm review. In my opinion, there are several problems with Narcocorrido.1) Too much information - unless you are a hardcore fan of the corridos, you will find that the book is too long. Wald travels through Mexico, drifting from interview to interview; Narcocorrido becomes redundant in a hurry. I thought that the 300-page book should have been about 200 pages.2) Narcocorrido definitely has a strong anti-American tone. Wald is a U.S. citizen but he makes it clear to the reader that the U.S. is 100% responsible for all of the problems in Mexican-U.S. relations. If Wald had anything original to say on the topic, his book might not be so bad; instead, you'll get a recitation of all of the well-worn canards you've heard before. Wald's unimaginative, knee-jerk anti-Americanism becomes tiresome in a hurry.3) For all of Wald's efforts to meet these songwriters, he never confronts them on the fact that they make their living glorifying drugs and drug dealers. It is the elephant in the room that he cannot bring himself to mention. In my opinion, Wald actually patronizes these songwriters by refusing to engage them in a meaningful discussion about this issue. I strongly suspect that it relates to Wald's desire to be sensitive, but it is a glaring omission.
This book is written from the perspective of our liberal selfish culture and ridicules the idea that people could do more to improve their situation in life by cooperatively working to improve their corner of the world than by working for selfish gain.  It is no surprise that this book is so popular given that we live in a selfish liberal culture.  My one star review reflects the fact that I am not part of that culture.  Numerous books written before the liberal cultural plague explain the value of cooperation.  Examples include de Tocqueville, Hobbes, Machiavelli's Discourses, Livy, and of course all religious writing from the Bible to the Analects.Note - I only read the beginning and skimmed the rest since I found it intolerable.
I have one word to describe this cynster addition: boring. I can accept the repetitive characters and the same old plot but what I can't accept is just how dull and boring the first 300 pages were. Some boring parts are to be excepted, as Laurens likes her share of action and mystery and in between the events there has to be time to lead up to the next one but this book was pushing it.It took 300 pages just to set up all the action and the secondary characters, as another reviewer mentioned, was more interesting than the main ones. I liked the different setting and honestly I'm not sure why Portia would get sexual experience when many men expect their wives to be to be unexperienced as she wasn't a widow but I have no idea what Laurens was thinking this time around.She usually spaces the action out but this time she just crammed it all in at the end and while the events seemed different, the dialogue and set up were the same, repetitive to the word. It seems to me like she got carried away with the secondary characters and in creating the scene that she forgot to do what she usually does to her books until it was too late: add suspense. The result? A dreadfully boring book.
After some predictable digs at the Florida election and Bush in general, this book loses all focus and humor.  Moore seems like someone that has just discovered the internet and includes a lot of URLs for almost everything (including step ladders and vibrators.)  The middle of the book is a vast waste of disconnected ideas that seem to be there only to increase the number of pages...you wonder how many stupid white men other than Moore had a hand in this work.
Another disappointing Maguire novel.  Maguire has top-notch ideas but he really needs someone else to write the books for him!  So many insignificant pages are in this book that if you took all of them out you'd have a pamphlet left!  Maguire takes the reader down so many dead end roads that you are left frustrated and bewildered.  The bottom line:  The Maguire books look good on the shelf thanks to superb cover art but reading them can be downright torture sometimes!
I could not take the constant math formulas. My eyes glazed over as they went on and on. Obviously , a math wiz needs to read this book. Good story, just a difficult and boring read . I was glad when I finished.
This book is a complete slapdash, with none of the verve of quality Regencies.First of all the book is riddled with errors-they are Simon's half-not his stepsisters. They are clearly related to him, though he treats the girls, and especially the eternally barfing baby, as some rare species of insect. He has as much personality as one of his fine neck cloths. I can't imagine him being a rake-he is so full of himself, leers at every pair of breasts in sight, and is so meticulously dressed all the time that one would doubt he would ever do anything so undiginfied as sweat, let alone copulate. Also, vis a vis the errors in the book, I am sure he does not go around showing his 'labels' all over the place-I am sure the author meant lapels.As for the heroine, well, what can I say-the crippled heroine left on the shelf and rescued by the rake has been done to death, and done far better elsewhere.The endless tantrums, dullness of the settings-a room with tall windows, a study, well gee, where is the sumptuous language we expect from a well-written book, are all too dull for words. The endless stream of vomit is also unbearbale, not at all funny.In fact, I really wonder what people find so amusing or even romantic about adultery  and the social mores that allow men to treat women as little better than chattel. Where marriages of convenience are usually only convenient for the men, who do whatever they like and treat women like doormats.  Austen was highly witty and amusing, but she dealt with the real world and issues too. This is just foolishness, selfishness and hypocrisy. The heroine traps him into marriage to get hold of his sisters as children. He insists he wants to bed her and give her a bottle of an abortifacient just in case because he doesn't want kids and just in case the 'sheath fails'. Revolting.As if all of this is not repellent enough, what on earth was the author thinking having three couple in the book if we include Rees the composer and his estranged wife. Esme's story is more interesting, but I was really disgusted with the way Simon actually sexually responds to her when her pregnant belly comes into contact with his body. and she is an adulteress, not matter how oyu tryo to dress it up as romance.I also was appalled at the way that her hero lusts after all the other women quite openly-there is little focus on Henrietta apart from her pretty hair and nice smile. Really gross. I have no idea how the characters fall in love with each other, when they hardly know each other. And no woman in her right mind would wnat to know Simon.I have to admit I read the books inthe wrong order, Wild Pursuit and then Fool for Love  If you have not read this one, you will not care less about Wild Pursuit's couple, and again, Rees and his wife. And the final resolution to Esme's problems is in that book, but not really a problem. All of these peoole are so selfish and care so little about Regency society with its strict dictates (yes it does seem a lot more Georgian than Regency in many respects, 18th century, as one reviewer said) that nothing is at stake for anyh of the coulles-they thrive on scandal rather than avoid it.  she set up the next books in her series, but failed miserably to write a single book in the series which we could classify as romance.A romance is a hero and heroine falling in love. This is not a romance. Nor are the others.
If you want decorating ideas, do not buy this book. If you want to see a puff piece about the author and too many pictures of her, then this is for you. I have not heard of this author, and I don't care to know anything about her. I just want a good decorating book. This is the kind of vanity book that authors should have to pay to publish (and then give to their friends for free). No attempt should be made to sell this piecie of trash to consumers like me who are are on the lookout for cool decorating ideas.
Stern becomes yet another victim to the jurnalist urge to 'understand' terrorism and murder.  Lets simplify this.  She looks at the 'Zealots'(lets recall Zealots were jews who fought the Romans so her term is wrong), Jews who have settled in the west bank and apparently have not so nice things to say about their Muslim naighboors.  But Stern wants us to compare these people, and Jerry Fallwell to a Muslim about to strap on a bomb.  Lets compare here.  The Jewish guy wears a flack jacket to get to work and guards his kids so they can go to school, he hates the terrorists and maybe he hates Palistinians but he is not a killer.  Only one jew in the last 10 years has murdered Muslims in an act of terror and that was Dr. Baruch Goldstein(you can look him up I dont have room to tell his story).Now how many people did Stern interview that were about to go murder in the name of Christ?  none.  instead she wanted us to beleive that religious christian conservatives, alla Jerry Fallwell, were about to take up the sword for the new crusade but they ahdnt found the sword yet(were they choosing between an Ar-15 and an AK-47???)Stern then interviews some muslims who are about to strap on a bomb and go blow up some 'infidels' after the interview.  She wants to explore thier souls and 'understand' why they are prepared to die in order to help cleanse their country of hated christians and hated women who display more then a finger.Whats the line here Stern? That  a born again baptists, a Jewish settler and a Muslim terrorist are the same.  This book is the ultimate in moral equivilancy.  Sterns point is that we americans also have terrorists, we need look no furhtur then the christian right.  But this is false.  The christian right has committed no terrorist acts(unless you want to label Mcveigh a christian then  thats one).  Stenr wasnt after the mcvieghs of the world though she wanted to show that christianity produces terrorists, yet she is wrong.  Judaism dont produce one onehundredth the number of terrorists that Islam does.  THis is because, as Stern does not point out, Islam is profoundly intolerant in its militant form.  Their are no Jewish terrorists, so she shouldnt have even included Jews in the book.  She could have looked at Sihks who have killed in the name of god, but she was apparently not open minded enough to realize they exist.A terrible, rambling account that only justifies terror at the expense of christianity and Judaism.
In my opinion, this is the weakest of Kleypas's novels; it was the second novel by her that I read and made me rethink my initial attraction to the author.  I found the characters to be non-engaging and the story predictable and dragging.  I would recommend this novel only to a die-hard Kleypas fan.
Can we ever be sure if the title of this latest populist addition to Moore's anthology was in fact a self-reference?Yet again, he gets a whole slew of his facts/chronology curiously distorted in support of doozy ideas (which is well documented throughout the reviews here, so I won't regurgitate) but what baffles even more is the priceless linguistic achievement of this effort. Expect to work through gems of journalism like "It is sooooooooo not cool" or through highly intellectual inferences such as "There is no recession, my friends. No downturn. No hard times. The rich are wallowing in the loot they've accumulated in the past two decades, and now they want to make sure you don't come a-lookin' for your piece of the pie."This isn't journalism, and it surely isn't satire (for that, get your hands on almost anything by O'Rourke, Dennis Miller or Buchwald). This is your run-of-the-mill, ill-researched, poorly-edited, brownnosing pandering of popular opinion in the garb of liberalism. Amazing what you can get published these days as long as it makes a decent coin.
Okay, this book is about twins.  Fitting, because I KNOW THIS MUCH IS TRUE is virtually identical to another book I know and love--THE PRINCE OF TIDES, written by Pat Conroy.  Although Conroy has a tendency to sound a  bit like a schmaltzy food critic, PRINCE OF TIDES is a much better story  (and better written, too) than this practically plagiarized piece by Lamb.  Conroy should sue.But don't take my word for it.  Read PRINCE OF TIDES  and then compare it to TRUE.  If you're not horrified by Mr. Lamb's  obviously stolen storyline, see your opthalmologist. But maybe I'm not  being fair.  Perhaps Mr. Lamb read PRINCE OF TIDES long ago, forgot he'd  read it, and then thought he had an original idea for TRUE.  Or maybe he's  Pat Conroy's evil and less talented twin brother.  ACK!  Now THAT would be  an interesting story.Mr. Lamb, I loved SHE'S COME UNDONE.  I have a  first edition printing that I bought in a bargain bookstore nearly four  years before Ms. Winfrey discovered it. It has a place of honor on my  bookshelf (even if sometimes I wonder--seven years as an inpatient in a  psychiatric hospital?  SEVEN YEARS?  COME ON!  but I digress...). But you  should be ashamed of this &quot;new&quot; book.I was also annoyed and  bored by the writing style. Must EVERY sentence begin with a verb?  And  must it all be staccato? Example:  &quot;Went home.  Ate some bread.  Slept.  Got up.  Painted the house.  Became roaringly bored.  Threw book  across the room.&quot;  I took Advanced Composition in high school, too,  Mr. Lamb.  But I'm not wasting my readers' time and money trying to prove  it to them.Bottom line:  This isn't a horrible book.  But it's  dangerously similar to Pat Conroy's earlier novel.  Also, TRUE is trite,  dull, and not very well-written.  Read PRINCE OF TIDES instead.
This book was just okay - the story line wasn't very interesting. I normally like all books, but would definitely pass on this one.
I loved Barbara Robinson's Best Christmas Pageant Ever and have given it as a gift to several friends, but am disappointed in the Best Halloween Ever.  I see that others enjoyed it, but to me it lacks the charm of the first book.  It seems forced, as if the author were doing her best to churn out a sequel to her successful Christmas book but not quite succeeding. I wish it were as charming as the Christmas story, but it just isn't.
Full disclosure: I could not sit through this book. I skimmed the first three chapters, and took care not to dent the cover when tossing it across the room, and have finally given up trying to care. Also note: this review comes from an uncorrected proof. But my issues are remote from article or grammar choice  or typos: it's with the characters, setting, and story. None are quite discernible. Lots of words, holding up the pages, none of them dancing with any particular other.I'm a huge Disch fan, and that first skim had me hoping for a thread or two of Businessman type inspiration at the next indulgence, but it was not to be. My impression was of a first rough sketch toward a spec script for summer teen horror; not a waste of time, per se, at least if you're Jerry Stahl.There is an audience for this book, I think, but only indirectly. Not the teenager-sneaking-things-from-dad's-bottom-bookshelf: it's not quite salacious trash. It's ugly, it's demanding of attention, but without angst or social provocation it's just so much nonproductive wankery. Margin-filler-massacres and object-of-impotence-dismemberments don't startle so much as sit there, bored and boring.  It reads like every PeeChee-liner spec novelization by every junior stalker ever swatted away with their own bludgeons-to-breastplates/number-by-colors Guide.This could be JUST THE THING for well-meaning parents whose tempting to literature has so far brought instant and vehement disregard (caveat: only for the thick-skinned; may provoke reflection).Try placing a copy in some hard-to-reach, clearly off-limits spot, retreat, and observe.  It may take a few chapters, but this has the power to move your sullen teen from "omg, he understands me" to "oh for the hail of satan, what a juvenile pile of internal-mechanics-descriptive clauses where 'said' should live! Figures my parents would think this is cool."  Then maybe seed your bottom shelf with Rosemary Horrox'The Black Death (Manchester Medieval Sources).Perfect antidote: spooky-sexy dirge in book form.Recommended for ages 13-15, readers over 25 not admitted without antisocial tendencies.
OMG this is the most depressing book I ever read. Even worse I could not stop reading it. Do not buy it. Do not open it. It is a train wreck.
I will admit immediately that my biggest complaint about the book is that it was not what I expected. I have come to like Michael Crichton's writings with their intelligent plots, vivid characters and unexpected devlopments. "Travels" had some unexpected developments that I did not like.The book started off as a documentary of his life of, logically traveling. He explained how he was attracted to exploration and why it was important to him by giving several chapters of background. He retold his adventures into jungles, deserts and cities with the precision and detail you would expect with a philosophical perspective that gave the book greater depth.However, just as the book started developing well, he transitions into solely mystical travel and tells the story of his transition from something of an agnostic to a mysticist, complete with talking with the dead, visualizing auras and bending spoons. It became very dull and overly introspective and I had great difficulty reading through the last few chapters.It was well written and interesting for most of the book, but don't expect you be amazed as you would with any other Crichton book.
It was unfortunate that I picked this book up immediately after reading Marilynne Robinson's magnificentGILEAD, another novel which opens with a pastor and his much younger wife. But while GILEAD is consistently luminous and suffused by love, the first section at least of MRS KIMBLE is barren and depressing. Even without this comparison, this would not have been a cheerful book to start. But Jennifer Haigh does move the plot forward with some skill, writing in short chapters that are easy to digest and keep you turning the pages waiting for the next thing to happen. Fortunately, Joan and Dinah, the second and third wives of the charismatic but empty Ken Kimble, have a lot more going for them than sad-sack Birdie whom he has abandoned before the book begins, and one can find much that is positive in their stories, even as they are duped by the same amoral man.Jennifer Haigh has suggested that her book is about why women -- even sensitive or successful women -- so often get trapped by marriages that drain rather than completing them as they have been led to expect. It is a fine idea, but she has problems working it out. One is how to make three novella-length stories coalesce into a single novel; there are some links between the episodes, but there are not enough. Although it is fine to explore it primarily from the woman's point of view, marriage is a relationship between two people. So if little attempt is made to understand the personality of the husband -- and Kimble remains a cipher, not merely unknowable but unknown -- his presence as the linking factor in the story becomes a mere device, trivializing even the women who fall for him. Most seriously of all, Haigh paints her women in crude colors, with insufficient shading. The disintegrating Birdie is allowed to retain nothing of her personality as a bright music student that she had before her marriage. The successful Joan is just too successful and too rich. And the Cinderella Dinah undergoes a miraculous transformation from scared mouse to suburban soccer mom, apparently without leaving any trace of her former self behind.In short, Jennifer Haigh writes a decent story, but she creates her characters to be props in that story. How much more interesting it would have been if she had started with characters full and rounded enough to have created their story for themselves!
This book is a buzz/release for those of us who are already on-board Moore's ideals.But, there will be no new recruits.Because, it is not possible to teach your enemies anything whilst you're attacking them.Attacking needs to be reserved for direct hand-to-hand self-defence combat, when 'teaching' is not the point.When you're expressing a view, teaching 'is' the point.And, being confrontational means you've cut-off the very listners that you feel actually need your lesson.By alienating your enemies, you make them even 'more sure' that you are a danger to them.Therefore, they 'increase' the restrictions and oppressions on you.We are effective only when our anger at them fails to deter us from a stong and determined search for methods to 'teach' them what we know.People often don't listen, yes.But all that means, is that we havn't quite hit the mark 'this time'.Next time, you'll know to try a different angle of approach.Being right in itself, is only step 1.Communicating it with 'tact' and 'care' is step 2, in creating a successful society.So, Moore has 'step 1' successes, which his targets would do society well to learn.But, how to teach them? Sensitivity to 'emotional reasons why' people do horrible things, is required if we are to succeed.But if you're just after a bit of fun and humour (targeted against G.W Bush type people), and want to 'get things off your chest', Moore can serve you well here.
More bad design from LA -- I live here, so it's personal -- via yet another over-styled, over-hyped -- well, whatever they're being called (this month).Bottom line: Hicks did it already. More to the point, he did it authentically. Which means he did it far, far better than the silly replications being peddled as "Modern Glamour" here.And "The Art of Unexpected Style?" Please. Enough already with the matching yellows. The cover tells you everything you need to know about this silly book. No need to look further.My recommendation: Pass on this one. Quickly.
After having read the first few pages, I thought that Moore stood against Republicans. Then, it seemed that he stood against Democrats that are a bit conservative as well. Later on, it became obvious -despite being white himself- that the title of the book reveled his oposition to white America and how it keeps black people oppressed. But then he showed words of "advice" toward black people that felt like a mock toward them, more than a joke. He criticizes Republicans for their disdain toward conservation and the environment and then jumps on recycling as being pointless because it "never" actually occurs (apparently he once saw a recycling truck dump an entire load of recyclables in the dumpster)... Get the point?The whole book (well, maybe I should admit that I couldn't get through more than half of it -I don't have much of a stomach this type of book-) is about what he is against of, what he opposes, and he sure is against a lot of things! What doesn't seem clear is what he stands for. Hiding behind a language packed with sarcasm and "humor", and basing his points on personal experiences (or inventions, I'm almost inclined to assume), rather than quotable evidence (I couldn't find a single reliable source for any of his points in the book's pages), he delivers a message that seeks to undermine most of America's institutions, and while I can't blindly believe that all the groups and institutions he criticizes are transparent and clean, I find it hard to believe that... simply there's nothing worth believing in in "Stupid White America", which pretty much is what the bottom line of his book is. Why, you might wonder? Because I come from a country where, unfortunately, things are REALLY screwed up! So I learned to appreciate and respect the level of organization that institutions in the US have, in spite of all the criticism that they might deserve.Do you think that the Postal service in the US is bad? Try "accidental" delivery for a change, which is the norm in several other places. Do you think your tax money goes nowhere, in spite of the public libraries (though with ever more restricted schedules) and perennial improvements and expansion to the transport system in most cities? Try none of some of the most basic books available at a country's capital main branch for a Public Library or streets filled with holes where you need to steer your way with care, to ensure your car is not swallowed by one. My point is that, sometimes we take things for granted... and not until we loose them, we get to appreciate their real value. All in all, I don't think this book deserves more than three stars, if that. I didn't find it neither funny nor solid.
Wally Lamb's first book "She's Come Undone" was spectacular.  His second book "I Know This Much is True," and his third book, "The Hour I First Believed," are Random Ruminations in Minutia.  Sorry.
This was such a disappointing book - the style of writing was annoying, I disliked most of the characters, really didn't like the &#34;historic&#34; parts and couldn't wait to finish this book to get it over and done with.  I absolutely adored this Author's previous books namely &#34;This much I know is true&#34; which must be one of my all-time favourite books and &#34;She's come undone&#34;.  It will be a while before I choose another book written by Wally Lamb.
I always thought Traci Lords was an over-acting, under-talented actress (except for her natural endowment), in or out of porn.  One thing she does possess is a lot of ambition and the will to overcome obstacles.  Her autobiography details her life into the adult entertainment industry and out of it.  There's surprisingly very little about her years in the porn world and the 100 hardcore films she starred in as an underaged vixen.  There's also no mention of her family's Jewish background.  (She does mention that her great-grandmother on her mother's side was Irish, and her paternal grandfather came from the Ukraine.)  Each chapter is rather short, and the book reads like a diary with carefully picked entries.  There's a bit too much self-analysis.  Even the pictures, some in color, are a letdown.The question is, of course, how much of what Lords writes is fact and how much is fiction.  But maybe that's just a silly question.  Like her films, Traci Lords's book is not to be taken seriously.
I have worked with crypto and secure systems for over 40 years, so I was excited to find this book. Unfortunately, it let me down, The many stories span decades, which in itself is fine, but the author gets so far down into the noise with excruciating details that the book becomes tiresome. I'm not one to shun lengthy books; some hold your interest so well that you'd gladly read several thousand pages. But this one just became chatter after a while. Several chapters were well written, but overall it just rambled. I couldn't wait to reach the end, although several times I was ready to just give it up as a bad deal.
This has to be among the worst books I have read- sorry to say it, but it is...I enjoyed 'Angus, Thongs, and Full-Frontal Snogging', so I figured that it would be fun to read this sequel. Boy, was I wrong. In the first book in the series, Georgia was a pleasantly quirky, self-involved teenage girl. She reminded me of several girls I knew in middle school. In that book she was actually fairly realistic and interesting.The Georgia in this book is exactly the same, except she isn't as quirky and is 150% more self-involved. I found her to be a complete brat and if she was someone I knew in real life, I would avoid her at all costs.While this book is pretty funny and amusing, it is definitely not a great piece of literature. The characters are one-dimensional and I really did not care about any of them except for Georgia's cat, Angus, who reminded me of a dog I used to have. And, the plot was thin and unrealistic.Maybe it's just me, but a good book needs to have a strong, interesting plotline. It must also have characters the reader can relate to and care about. But, then again maybe that's just me.Ok, I'm done. Sorry if this didn't make sense, it was pretty much just a collection of my scattered thoughts on the book. Feel free to call this 'unhelpful' if you couldn't understand it or are a huge fan of the book. ;)
Stephenson sets his own bar high with stellar works like Snow Crash and The Big U, and unfortunately this book did not capture my interest
First, this is a self-help book.  Why is Michael Johnson writing a self-help book rather than just writing about what he knows and about his life experiences?  I don't know.  Johnson is not an expert on living life.  He is an expert on running fast. The best part of the book is near the end when he talks more about his quest for the 200/400 double gold in Atlanta, rather than pontificating on life in general.Second, the book is not very well-written.  It has lines like, "I don't play much golf, but they tell me as you get better it gets harder to improve your score.  All things in life are like that. (That's a paraphrase, not a direct quote.)  So...if all things are like that, why pick an example you know nothing about?  Most of the book has this contrived feeling to it.Johnson also repeatedly pounds the same points about how hard you have to work and how you need to set goals etc. He uses the same examples over and over for life goals, including losing weight, getting a A in school, selling a lot of cars or carpets, or "being a successful businessperson".  He tends to think pretty small outside of the realm of track.  Is he incapable of imagining any nobler goal than these mundane examples?  Things along the lines of contributing to our scientific knowledge, creating art, starting a charity, or inventing something useful to mankind never show up in the book.  Or how about just mentoring a kid or cleaning up a park?  Johnson constantly talks about approaching your personal best, yet he is unable to consider anything as successful unless it is quantified.  For him, accomplishment is either winning something or getting money.  It has to be measurable.  You even see traces of this attitude when he talks about interpersonal relationships.Johnson states that when he doesn't think he can beat the best in the world any more, he will retire rather than continue to compete, because someone who hangs around past his prime and can't win any more is pathetic.  That doesn't sound to me like someone who competes for the love of the sport.  I'm no expert myself, but I'm pretty sure there's more to life than winning.
I made it to chapter two before I just gave up.  I USUALLY try to stay with a story hoping it will get better but this book was so crass and diturbing. I got this book for free and it was not worth it. I will not read this author again.plan
This is the most depressing book I have never read. I could not bear to complete this massive tome of misery and dispair.  Mr. Lamb evidently got some sort of viseral satisfaction out of thinking of all of the tragic things that could happen to people and putting them in this book.  What in the world was the point of this book except to exploit the unspeakable tragedy of Columbine for his own gains?
I read Veritas after reading Hostile Witness and found the author using the same old plot devices that seemed novel in the first - letters/statements from characters that explained complicated plot antecedents.While a lot of the dialogue is quite good, much is long declamatory prose that explicates the character or the plot. The intricacies of the relationships and the exaggerations of plot elements became unbelievable and sort of silly in what was meant to be a realistic novel. It just got sort of boring - I finished it but didn't care.
I read it at the request of my wife because my name was in it and we were dating at the time.  She believes it was providence that we got married.
This book was good in that I could skim through 3 short chapters and understand the Zone concept completely. It's really all I needed to know to get going.  Also, the quick list of food blocks in the back was great.  However, the recipes are gross.  I have never seen so much cabbage in a cookbook.  Just gross.  The Formula has better recipes.
What in the hell did I just read?  The book started off great then all of a sudden it went into character.Who in their right mind approved this piece of garbage?  Dwayne Johnson should bed ashamed of himself.This was ten pounds of monkey crap in a 5 pound bag.
I'm sorry, but I can't follow the crowd on this one. I really didn't enjoy it. I found it disjointed, distasteful and disappointing. Let's face it, the fairy type creature Mabs was a bitch. She was never happy, was constantly whining and was generally in-fairylike. I mean, fairy tales are supposed to be uplifting. All little girls either want to be a fairy or a princess. Had they met this Mabs character they would all narrow that decision down to being a princess.And what about the main character? Miss snooty model? I don't know, there was something off putting about every character in this book. Even if they all do live happily ever after by the end, I see divorce, drugs and alcoholism in their futures. Anyway, I would suggest this book to nobody and am even feeling leery about passing it along to Value Village in case some poor sap picks it up for $2.99.
He projects his self-hate onto anyone foolish enough to buy his B.S. How much money do you make from your videos, Mr. Moore? Whatever the amount, I think he should donate half of his profits to the latest Al Sharpton campaign. This video is worthless. It's not even humorous. Spend your money on something funny, intellectual, romantic, or action-packed.
i have read his other books and enjoyed them but he is trying too hard here and it's hard to read.  over and over again he puts his characters in one tragic situation after another and you know each time any of the characters enjoys even a moment of peace that the next page involve some monumental catastrophe.  it becomes comical that no matter what the odds, these characters will find themselves at the center of every national trauma time after time after time.  its tiresome and cliched after a while.  this is an attempt to convey some deep meaning and message which fails because rather than being subtle, the author over does it.
Joseph Mengele...a name, which bespeaks of horror...would it not be justice to somehow make him pay for his twisted "crimes", could there be a revelatory learning experience that would insure a Hitler or a Mengele could never happen again, is there a hero here?It took me a long time to plod thru this novel, looking for a redemptory finale.It continued to disgust, apall, and disturb.  I will never give such a novel a chance again.It is the dark side exploited and no amount of literary ability could possibly mask such an awful reading experience.There will always be the crazies, the heartless, the self justified lunatics who attempt to leave an oppressive and frightening mark on this world...it is up to us to reject those monsters, no matter what their arena.The star is given for a renewed commitment to stand fast for moral, social, medical, and political ethics.
I didn't make it through the book. The story was blah and the grammar...oy vey...the grammar. Ms. Bevarly needs a writing coach and/or an editor to teach her how to write proper sentences. Too many sentences started with "and", "or", "nor", "but" and "because". It was very distracting and interfered with the flow of the story.
Like others, I'll start off by saying I enjoyed Lamb's previous books, and I know I'm posting this long after the publication date but I was JUST reading this book and had to say: WHAT A SACK OF[...]!  Both Mo and Caelum were arrogant, narcissistic, unempathetic characters who were seemingly incapable of self-understanding or owning up to their own actions, despite (or maybe because of) the author's use of myth, psychology and family history/revelations in the supposed search for meaning/faith.  The book was saturated in liberal propaganda and cliches, perpetuating society-damaging lies.  The Lizzy Porter 'history' section was a paean to revisionist history; her character was a 'social justice' activist who knew nearly EVERY 'celebrity' in her time and was involved (in an elevated position of course) in EVERY favored 'cause' or fashionable fad - it was so overdone that it was just impossible to accept her as a 'believable' representation of an 1800's woman, let alone a source of any meaning for Caelum.  Supporting characters were caricatures (good liberals all of course); any traditionalists or authority figures were negative stereotypes. I kept waiting/hoping for "The Hour I First Believed" of the title to come - some self-adjustment or redemption or maturation of thought to finally arrive for the protaganist Caelum, but with 140 pages yet to go couldn't take anymore and threw the book down in disgust.  I've been a voracious reader for decades (preferring history/nonfiction and good literature/novels that educate/inspire/put me in another's shoes, life or world) and long ago matured into a Conservative; maybe it's because U.S. culture has become so overwhelmingly liberal (preachy, nasty, unreasonable, shallow, self-righteous, willfully obtuse, lacking common sense), but the last thing I want to do is willingly suffocate under the same depressing, nihilistic tide in my pleasure reading! I honestly did not anticipate nor can I say I ever have before experienced such a strong reaction, but there it is.  Fellow Conservatives, be forewarned!
I figure I could at least save other readers by making the same mistake in thinking this was an interracial romance book.  I mean in a sense it was, but it had mainly to do with racial discrimination in the work place.  I did find the story interesting but it was not what I thought it would be. I thought like all interracial books it would be boy meets girl, girl tries to reject boy, boy tries desperately to convince girl, girl comes around and they live happily ever after, which by the way I am getting tired of as well.  But for the most part I did like the main character, Anise.  She was smart and determined and I loved her strong willed nature.  But I did feel misled when reading the book and the ending was not very good. It was as if the author decided to end the discrimination victoriously and forgot about the romance.
I didn't enjoy this book.  What attracted me to this book in the first place was the synopsis, so I decided to read it.  I was so disappointed!  There were too many violent and sexual scenes, but I forced myself to  finish the book anyway.  I prefer a story with more romance than violence  and sex.  I have to say that, overall, I like books by Johanna Lindsey.  I  suggest reading &quot;Hearts Aflame&quot; by Johanna Lindsey.
I love Wally Lamb's books except for this one. I could not even finish this novel. The main character is an unsympathetic jerk and I think Lamb missed the opportunity to write this from the female's side and her struggle to overcome the tragedy of Columbine. Usually, I give my books to my Mom, but will not be giving her this one.
In this book you will find an entertaining and well written explanation of what's wrong with America.  In short, Michael Moore thinks America is in a sorry condition because too many people actually believe in things like interpreting the consitution based on the original intent of the authors, the value of traditional values, the blessings of individual (rather than collective) liberty, and all the other factors that have made America a great nation.  Mr Moore never seriously addresses these issues, preferring to make his case by character assaults instead.  He may well be correct in some of his well written and engaging details, but he fails to see that order requires law, that liberty means inequality in economic outcome, and that the real source of our America's problems is a crisis of character fed by the leftist assault on our culture and institutions.  Mr. Moore's book is another salvo in that assault, fired from the wrong side.
This book was obviously written to convince New Yorkers not to elect HRC to the U.S. Senate. Did her efforts pay off? Nope. Noonan says she doesn't hate the former First Lady, but she slices and dices HRC into tiny little pieces in her highly biased, villifying book. She exposes HRC as an ambitious, ruthless politician who is hellbent on making the history books instead of doing real good for the people. I agree with Noonan on many points about HRC, but I would have respected Noonan's book more if she would have stuck to the facts and not decided to venture into fiction writing. As a way to pad this book, Noonan attempts to tap inside the First Lady's head and record what the First Lady MIGHT BE thinking during actual events. And if there aren't enough real life events to &quot;record&quot; HRC's thoughts, she invents situations. To me, these ficitonal fantasies cheapens Noonan's book and are a real turn-off. Whatever convincing arguments and valid points she makes are GREATLY diminished because of this outrageously ridiculous gimmick. Stick to nonfiction, dear Peggy, because fiction and mindreading are NOT your foray.
This book was too shallow for me. Barbie was a very confused girl growing up in a messed up family but was too passive and weak for my kind. She found a fairy named Mab outside. Mab was the best part - a pinky sized fairy with red hair and a wonderful attitude. Mab was strong willed and independent but you see a soft side of her at times. She's gentle and timid underneath a shield of stubborness. But Barbie, with her shallow, controlling mother and pathetic, passive father, was much too naive. Barbie was forced to be a model - beautiful Barbie with her rail-thin figure and blond hair - and was taken advantage of at a young age. One would think an eleven-year-old could see what was going on with the photographer, but you can see how something like that could happen. When Barbie's sixteen she's a gorgous too-thin model with a drunken mother. Barbie does drugs, lets guys leer at her and people take advantage of her, and can easily be considered a slut. Barbie, Mab, Barbie's lameass guy Todd and Todd's gay roomate make up the story that is at a loss of the magic it promises on the back. I wasted money buying this book and should have just checked it out at a library to save bookshelf space from a book I won't read again. This story covers sex, drugs, child molestion and a world of shallow people.
The extent to which a reader will enjoy this book depends, I believe, on the expectations one has about it. If you are looking for a pulse pounding thriller in the vein of Thomas Harris' Red Dragon or Silence of the Lambs, this is not it. What you get here instead is a thoughtful, carefully researched meditation on good versus evil, reality versus madness, and the spiritual versus the physical worlds. The story is told, in part, from the dispassionate objectivity of a cultural anthropologist and draws heavily on anthropology's style and language. Alternating points of view shift back and forth in time as the story traverses the globe from Miami, Florida to West Africa and Eastern Europe. The rituals of the indigenous peoples of these areas are extensively described in long expository passages that make little sense until more of the plot is revealed. The alternating chapters and shifting perspective dilute the suspense, and I had to force myself to continue reading. The female protagonist was difficult to identify with as so little was known about her for much of the book. Gruber slowly doles out only the smallest bits of information. Jimmy Paz, on the other hand, is a fascinating character and the only redeeming feature of this novel. The story's slow, plodding pace picks up somewhat in the final hundred pages, but, by that point, I found myself no longer caring.
Art is pretty good, but that's all I can really say about it.  The text is pretty darn boring and extremely sparse - on too many pages there are just a few words, if that.  Also, the juxtapositioning of descriptive text with character text makes for awkward reading.  My daughter was into it for about a week (a painful week for me and my husband), and now it's abandoned.  Just not enough catchy or clever text, or any rhythm or bounce to the text, to keep us coming back.  Certainly NOT worth $17!!!  I'd be disappointed had I paid $5.
Wow, I did not like this book.  I disliked the characters more than the story itself and in the end, good characters can save a so-so story but not the other way around.Bea, our heroine, is a tart. That is it - she is. She paints herself up so that only a member of Kiss could appreciate her facial canvas.  She is a girl who wears such revealing clothes that her nipples are in view to any and all to see, including our 40 something bachelor, Stephen Fairfax-Lacy. Stephen is a member of Parliament and he is very tired of politics as he feels he is not really getting anything accomplished.  So, he wants to enjoy and find a mistress because, for some reason, politics and sex did not mix for him.  Crazy idea, isn't it.He visits the home of Esme Rawlings, the pregnant widow of Miles, who died when Esme's lover appeared in Esme's room and Miles has a heart attack and died.  For real. Can not make this stuff up.  The lover is the Earl of Bonnington and this whole story about him being the gardener at Esme's estate just to be near her, well, is just silly.  Anyhow, getting back to Bea and Stephen, Stephen decides to take as his mistress the ever proper Helene, who is estranged from her husband, a husband who is living with an opera singer.  I did not have a problem with Esme and her girlfriends having bad marriages but Bea, the debutante, discarded daughter of a Duke after her trashy behavior, was over the top. She was a ho girl pure and simple and no amount of window dressing can change that.  Also, for Stephen to quit Parliament to retire with his tart to the country reflected, I thought, poorly on his character.  After all, Parliament needs men who can make a difference and no one said it would be easy.Bea and Stephen are from different maturity worlds and their romance rang very false. It left an immage of a middle aged movie star marrying a 18 year old playboy bunny.  Trashy... A romance between Stephen and Helene would be more appropriate and a better story. After all, it would have taken an act of Parliament to get her divorced from her husband, Earl Godwin.  Seeing Stephen stand beside her through that struggle would have been worth a read.
Any book that is so annoying I can't finish it does not deserve more than 1 star.  Since I didn't have the "Vietnam experience" I can only review the book based on the story itself, so forgive me if my rating does not include it's relevance to the Vietnam era .The beginning of the book was pretty good, despite some inconsistencies, and as I approached the middle of the book I planned to give it 3 stars.  This first half of the book takes place in space, as our main character goes though boot camp, graduates, and goes on his first mission to fight the enemy aliens.  Most of this is pretty good story-telling, though as a hard science fiction fan I was disturbed by a few "common sense science" issues:1. The space army is made up of the "best and brightest" of earth (everyone with a masters or doctorate in the sciences is automatically drafted).  They go through rigorous training but we don't see much in the way of military tactics being taught.  That's because once in actual combat they are given a post-hypnotic command that turns them into unthinking killing machines (author's description).  Why do we draft the brightest minds of all humanity if all we're going to do is say some magic words and turn them into mindless murdering zombies?2. Boot camp is on a frigid, absolute-zero world, but our soldiers cope with that by using high-tech suits with insulation so perfect they need a heat exchanger to keep from dying of heat stroke.  The environment is so dangerous that half the recruits will die during basic training, mostly from accidents where the hot heat-exchanger fins touch frozen helium and cause an explosion.  Like me, you may wonder why none of these "best and brightest" people ever thought about using the perfect insulator material of the suit as a protective cage around the hot fins, or to use it on their boot soles to keep them from sliding on frozen lakes of helium that evaporates as soon as their foot touches it.  Or why not leave a small area of the suit with a less-than-perfect insulator so you don't need an air conditioner at all, or why not..(the list goes on).3. Once we have a battle, the alien base is captured, and we have lots of other-worldly gadgets to play with, you might expect the "best and brightest" solders would be put to work trying to make sense of this new technology. This could be an interesting part of the story, but no, instead we bring in a never-before-mentioned team of "scientists" and the soldiers go back to the ship.  I don't expect much from the scientists, considering they can only be the "second brightest" people from earth?The story really gets bad once our heroes make it back to earth, where, with relativity effects, about 30 years have passed since they left.  This new earth is full of impossible economic and social situations, such as:1. Unemployment is over 60%, yet menial jobs pay so much money that a person can afford to live on a fraction of the actual wages. (I say "menial" because it only takes a day to train a new person to take over your job and you split the salary with them, keeping half for doing nothing).2. The United Nations controls all the jobs, and doles them out to only the poorest citizens.  Yet with such absurdly high pay scales it is never explained how a previously-poor person keeps his job for very long, because after a year or two the person must be reasonably wealthy, and thus lose their job to a poorer person.3. With the economy so bad and jobs in such high demand, you might think those controlling the jobs would be subject to bribery, but we're told they are "100% incorruptible".  On the other hand, all you have to do is contact your local black-market job dealer at the corner bar and you can get a second-hand (or third-hand) job in no time, where you work someone else's job for 1/2, 1/4 or even 1/8 of the salary, which is enough to live on, so much so that you can afford to pay the black-market job dealer a portion of your 1/8 wages.4. Crime is so bad that every non-criminal citizen must hire a personal bodyguard so they can survive the elevator ride to and from their apartment.  Wait - I thought the UN controlled all jobs, so where do personal body guards come from?  And how does the 60% of the population living on government subsidies pay for their bodyguards?  Is body-guard pay included in your government check?5. Because the entire planet is in a constant state of starvation, criminals about to be sent to jail are shanghaied by farming communes for use as slave labor, but the commune keeps the criminal's government food ration book and uses it to supplement their food supply.  Really?  The government can't track the criminal fugitives by their ration books?6. The farm communes are constantly being attacked by roving gangs of starving people, who steal the farm's food and then "escape into the forests".  Forests?  Huh?  In an over-populated world where food is scarce we still have un-farmed forests for the hoodlums to hide in?  Why don't they just cut down the trees and start their own farm?At this point I was still reading, (as I re-read this review I wonder why) but when I came across this next gem I had to end the torture - The biggest fear of earth is that the alien war will end and wreck the economy.  What?  The economy is not wrecked now?  And how could keeping the best brains of humanity on earth instead of killing them off on a distant planet wreck the economy?  How could using all our high-tech gadgets to improve living conditions at home be worse than sending our technology into space never to be seen again?  And how could keeping the GDP of a planet circulating though the economy cause economic turmoil?This world created by the authors is so unbelievable that I simply could not continue reading the book.  I am not such a critical reader that I can't overlook a few inconsistencies here and there, especially when they are minor distractions and not critical to the plot.  But an entire world where every aspect of life defies logic and common sense is just too much for me.
The most telling remark I can make about this book, which I picked up for about $5 off a "publishers' overstock" pile in a bookstore, is that I learned far more facts about Mencken from the brief, anonymous wikipedia.org entry than from the 432 leaden pages of character assassination found here.  And... that I wish I had my $5 back.Teachout (whoever that is) seems to appreciate Mencken as a writer and despise him as a person.  There are two aspects to Mencken's character that can be best understood by noticing two stereotypes he fits into.  Teachout notices neither.  Let me illucidate: (1) Mencken fits into the familiar modern stereotype of "nerd"--- he lived with his mother for most of  his life, and did most of his work in the same bedroom he occupied as a small child.  He was a compulsive worker, tended to avoid entanglements with women, was overweight and out of shape... need I go on? He held at arm's length any female he knew who was interested in  sex (to judge by the contents of their surviving letters to him), only married after his mother died, and married an invalid whom doctors had (correctly) assured him could not live more than 5 years.  After her death, he immediately moved back to the old homestead, living now with his unmarried brother and two servants inherited from his brief married days.  (2) He was self-educated, and so never examined the received prejudices about "alien and inferior races and cultures" and the unworkability of "democratic" institutions he had absorbed as a small child.  The writer H. P. Lovecraft (whom Teachout might never have heard of, and who was also and not coincidentally an ur-nerd) invites very close comparison with Mencken in many, if not in all, such aspects.  Like Lovecraft, he wrote many public and private diatribes against the Jews in the abstract, yet had many close Jewish friends and associates. Like Lovecraft, he tended not to view with alarm the rise of fascism in Europe.Mencken is still of great interest as a social and political critic, as a scholar of American english usage, and as the master of a prose style so forceful and vivid that it practically leaps off the page and strikes you between the eyes like a vaudeville slapstick. What Mencken needs is for more of his books to be brought back into print and adequately publicized.  Teachout, to his credit, has worked effectively to get more of Mencken into print, but still, on a recent visit to two large bookstores, one carrying new books and one used books, I was able to locate precisely ZERO works by Mencken on any topic.Let me give HLM himself the last word: "As democracy is perfected, the office [of the President] represents more and more closely the inner soul of the people. We move toward a lofty ideal. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron." [HLM in the Baltimore Sun, July 26, 1920.] We had to wait 80 more years, but....
I've every book Lowell has written, but this one ... I think she let her kid, Heather, write this one. Always Time To Die is pure hard work to read. I've been reading the paperback edition for four days now, and I'm just at page 142. This book lacks the Lowell charm, has splashes of her word play, minimal sexual tension between the protagonists, and a dreary plot. Either Lowell is losing her touch or Heather Lowell did a bit of ghost-writing. I'm saying that cuz it usually takes me a week and more to read Heather Lowell's choppily written books -- hey, I get them from thriftshops for .95 cents! -- and Elizabeth Lowell's books usually just zip along.
This wasn't such a bad novel, and I kind of enjoyed it.  Not great, but easy to read and the story chugs along briskly.  However, the ending really killed it for me.  It's too unnecessarily long.  Once the major conflict is resolved, the story is over and yet we must hear a treatise on what it means to be a faerie and the price paid and the virtue of love and heroism and blah blah blah.  I wish I'd just put the book down after the rain because I would've left with a feeling of at least entertainment.  But after reading on and realizing that there were no further complications, only pages of explanations, I just lost much of my enthusiasm for the book.  Would've been three stars if it'd just known when to end.
Couldn't get into this book, I found the characters morally weak and the pace of the book very slow.  It was so bad that I couldn't even finish, not worth my time.  It seemed like you were reading a script for a TV show from the 40's or 50's, very dated, stiff and slow.
After Old Man's war and so many other &#34;battle&#34; stories, this one just didn't offer anything new or different. I wasn't overall impressed.
Oh my god... this book is SO boring!  I love Stephenson's writing style, and his witty observations on the world.  But I don't read stories for that.  I read them for an interesting plot and characters.  This book has characters, but no plot.  Can anyone even say what the point is, apart from a few drab men wandering about breaking codes in WWII while in the future another sets up a company laying pipelines?  Is that fun reading?  Whoever finds that enjoyable really needs to get out more, I think.  Either that or I'm just not wild and crazy enough for a book like this.I read 500 pages in hopes that a plot would develop and I would be rewarded at the end.  Alas, I couldn't make it through and began reading a much better book (A Game of Thrones).  Computer geek or not, you need a lot of free time and patience to finish this sleeper.  If you don't have it, please don't bother with this one.
I liked the pictures, I liked the way the author puts in the 'alphabet of trash' and I liked the subject matter.  It's great to teach kids to appreciate the hard work that the department of sanitation does.However, I REALLY disliked the attitude of the trash truck.  The 'Did I wake you??  Too bad.' or the 'Outta my way!'  My son is at an age where he definitely picks up and remember lines from books.  I hear him repeating lines he's heard in books that we've read to him.  The authors could have made the trash truck just as stinky and hard-working, but more likeable.  No reason why he has to be so rude and inconsiderate.Also, the writing seemed too choppy.  We read tons of children's books at our house, and this one is tough to read at times.I would have given it 3 stars if my son liked it more, but even he doesn't seem to gravitate to it as much as some of his other books.
i thought the book is a bit disjoint and there is not enough explanation of the time dilation etc. its a bit ubrupt from event to event
Choosing to capitalize on almost every cataclysmic event that has occurred in the past twenty years, Wally Lamb has thrown everything from the Columbine Massacre and Hurricane Katrina victims to the war in Iraq and conditions in women's prisons into the rambling mess called The Hour I First Believed.  And he doesn't stop there.  He adds mental illness, alcoholism, infidelity, kidnapping, covert sexual abuse, suicide, drug addiction, and dead babies, as well as some letters and diaries that contain revelations about the ancestors of our protagonist, Caelum Quirk.  Those revelations range from shocking to downright boring.  To further disrupt the flow of his story, Lamb seems unable to control advancing his own political agenda by placing it in the mouths of his characters.If this book suffers from anything, it is the lack of editing.  Instead of telling us the tale of Maureen and Caelum and the traumatic effect of Columbine on their lives, we are submerged in a 725+ page quagmire of plots, divergent sub-plots and melodrama that leaves the reader feeling frustrated and easily able to relate to Maureen and her need for the prescription drugs that made her life bearable.  Personally, I don't know if I could have taken one more detour to yet another disastrous event before I started popping a couple of Xanax.Mr. Lamb has a definite talent for the written word and I had so enjoyed his previous books,(She's Come Undone and This Much I Know Is True) that perhaps my expectations concerning this novel were unrealistic and contributed to my disappointment with this offering.  If this book was supposed to be profound and enlightening, it missed the mark. This was a tedious read and I would be hard pressed to recommend this book to anyone.
This book jumps smack dab into the middle of a two-century old conversation about the role of beauty in Western culture. However, it is the view of this reader that by ignoring the way in which societies go about constructing its categories of meaning, including that of beauty, this treatise comes off as sterile, superficial, parochial, arrogant and passively racist. It makes a few general statements in the introduction that appear to defend historically parochial middle class white feminist interests, but still is absent any serious analysis of the broader issues that underlie the concept itself. In an analysis of this sort, it is very much insufficient to merely point the finger at a "male dominated society" as being the culprit. This is a much more complex problem than that.As a relatively aware male still trying to overcome his deeply ingrained sexist ways, I have no personal axe to grind here, I bought the book seeking to be further enlightened, but in the interest of thoroughness, it must be said that this tract ignores all that is most important about the background to the historical conversation itself: that most western white women base the whole of their self esteem on a foundation of the twin towers of beauty and race. These two concepts are not just "throw-a-way" categories, or terms to be batted about like so much social confetti, or as is done here, tucked away in the subtext as if they do not exist. They must be treated openly and seriously with the proper degree of rigor as key variables in any analysis of western and American social processes.In point of fact, it must be said that it is incontrovertible that race and beauty go hand-and-hand and get to the very heart of what white womanhood means in western culture. And since the standard of beauty for all women is assumed to be the universal -- "white womanhood"-- the issue of race cannot be slyly confounded in the generic term "woman." Any serious reader clearly "over-understands" that in this context, the generic term "woman" actually means "white woman" only. The larger point being, that without the two concepts of race and beauty being properly analyzed, one cannot reasonably answer the question: what meaning does "being a white woman in Western culture really have anyway?"Well, of course this author has fixed this hole in her "non-analysis" by jumping over it entirely: restricting her concerns to "accomplished middle class (white) women." But it is all but self-evident that the modifier "accomplished" lies on the same logical and social plane as the term "beauty" itself. Should we not do a further analysis on the "myth of accomplished white women?" Indeed, what does the term "accomplished" mean in this context? Is it supposed to be self-evident and beauty is not? Once those questions are answered: What then for instance do we do with "poor," "unaccomplished," "ugly," "non-white, "lesbian" women, in this analysis? Surely we are not to just leave them out altogether? Or worse, (as has been done here and which is the only other alternative) hide them passively under the generic rubric of "woman?" That may be a clever way to dispatch the problem, but it cannot be taken as serious analysis.Put simply, the historical and structural aspects of the "beauty myth" along with "being white" are the twin towers of a societal hierarchy that controls much of Western society's behavior, and this holds true for both genders. Given that this is indeed the case, what then is the justification for concentrating only on one narrow aspect of this phenomenon: aggrieved accomplished middle class white women?  This sounds more like an analysis of an entitlement than a serious analysis of a demanding sociological problem?Equally, I am sure that the author realizes that "The Beauty Myth," is just the flip side of "The Handsome Myth," and that together, along with the concept of "race," they constitute perhaps the most important and dominant societal aristocracies in western culture. Together they are used to shape, channel and pressure not just women, but both sexes into a dependence on meaningless values. Clearly, the beauty myth constitutes a two-sided hierarchy, which work its magic and its poison on both sides of the gender divide. Handsome men benefit and suffer the same tyranny of the beauty myth almost as much as women do. So why not include that in aspect in the analysis too?But in a larger (less rhetorical) sense, the "beauty myth" and the "handsome myth" are trivial concerns because "assigning irrational meanings" to societal "constructs" and then raising them to the level of societal ideals is primarily what societies do: They develop psychological and societal "constructs" based on the deeper mostly irrational fears running in the undercurrents of society and then assigns meanings to them in ways that tend to objectify and control its members.  Beauty is just one such concept. And it is neither the "best" nor the "worse" of them. In fact, since the author used only anecdotal data to support her thesis, one could argue that nearly as many women benefit from this aristocracy as are harmed by it. And without question, it is women, not men, who keep the meaning of beauty alive in western culture. I defy her to produce hard data refuting this claim.In the end, the "beauty Myth" is like all societal games: everyone must play; no one gets a pass or the option to "opt out." Thus it reduces to just another case of "don't hate the players, hate the game."What Ms. Wolf is asking, is for all women to ignore this powerful hierarchy upon which most of their self-worth is built and the prism through which most of Western social values are seen, channeled and tied to.  Does that mean we have a shallow culture? Of course it does. Women want to be beautiful just as men want to be handsome because there is survival value in being perceived as such.  It is no different than the aristocracy of race: Whiteness has value that blackness does not have. And while it is certainly the case that women suffer from discrimination due to beauty, many also benefit from it, and do so purposefully and strategically, the same as men do.Ugly People of the world unite! Two stars
England, May 1814Unlike the other young ladies attending Lord and Lady Balstram's weekend house party, Charlotte Hastings is not on the hunt for a husband as she prefers her art and the work she does helping wounded soldiers back in London.  Sneaking off into the countryside to do some sketching, Charlotte witnesses a suspicious encounter between a stranger and another houseguest, James Morgan, the Duke of Girard.  Soon enough, Charlotte's world is spun out of control as she gets caught in a web of conspiracy involving stolen property and a plot to free Napoleon Bonaparte from Elba.James Morgan, the Duke of Girard, is out to find a thief within the government.  Believing his cousin Mortimer Blanton is the culprit, James becomes suspicious when a woman Mortimer is known to be courting witnesses a transaction between an agent and himself.  Needing a hiding place for items involving national security, James decides to place it in Charlotte's room, thus setting off a chain of events that lead to the pair getting caught in a compromising situation and temporarily betrothed.Sari Robins' debut novel is a tangled series of plots, subplots, and villains.  While heroine Charlotte Hastings is admirably self-sufficient and prone to laying her opponents low with groin injuries, she comes across looking more like Lara Croft than a Regency era lady.  Meanwhile, James Morgan may be a duke, but he certainly doesn't act like a gentleman.  It's hard to imagine a true nobleman acting the way he does towards Charlotte -- rudely tearing her artwork, dousing her twice with laudanum, and kidnapping her -- all before page 75!While the story fast-paced and enjoyable for the most part, one gets the sensation that the author, perhaps fearful of not having enough of a story to tell, proceeded to pile on the characters and subplots until HER SCANDALOUS INTENTIONS comes close to becoming a historical soap opera.  This reviewer respectfully suggests the use of minimal supporting characters and better research (i.e., Manton's was a shooting gallery, not a boxing saloon in Regency London) in the future.TheSchemer
Man I am a huge fan of Wally's writing, but wow I was extremely disappointed. His imagery of PTSD was incredibly lacking the true depth and trama. The main character was self indulgent and frankly pathetic. The story was long winded and I truly hope next time he spends so many years working on another piece that it turns out more of what he really is, BRILLIANT!
After finishing the book, I sent it back for a refund. It is filled with profanity and Chyna jumps back and forth to different points in her life without really going into who she really is. I became tired of listening to her go on and on about how wonderful her muscles are and how much she can bench. Save you money and don't waste your time on this book!
once again, these fad books suckering people in. and people saying they've lost 5 pounds on this programme? big deal. that's all water or bad scales anyway. i lost 50 odd pounds a while ago and you know how, blood, sweat and tears boys, that's the only way. stop stuffing your chops with fatty fast foods and get out and jog and weight lift your way to health. get up 3 times a week in the mornings and do 16 minutes of hard cardio and do weights 3 times a week at night.
I'm so glad I read this book before giving it to my voracious, but sensitive readers ages 8 and 10.  May Amelia is a well developed character, and my daughters would definitely relate to her and be interested in her story.  But, the sweet baby sister she has always longed for dies while in May Amelia's care.  May Amelia wakes up feeling relieved to have such a good night sleep without the baby crying, and then realizes that she's dead.  It has haunted me ever since I've read it, and I have adult skills for coping with all the suffering in this world.It's one thing to read about infant deaths in pioneer times in a history book, but in this case, an empathetic reader is going to feel the shock and grief that the character is feeling, and the guilt also.  The baby's death and it's aftermath are the central events of the book.
I first heard Mr. Gordon on 20/20 talking about the 1987 mini-crash of the stock market, and when he said, "The Fed did the right thing then, it injected huge amounts of liquidity into the market." If people believe creating money out of thin air and giving it to the politically connected helps the economy, they really need to go back to Econ 101. Oh wait, Econ 101 these days says exactly that in almost every government run school in America. For a much more detailed and insightful look at the History of Banking and the true cause of the booms and busts (hint: The Federal Reserve itself), read Murray Rothbard's "A History of Money and Banking in the United States," or his "The Mystery of Banking." There you will find sound logic, as opposed to this trash.
I bought this book when my children were younger hoping they would learn that having fits do not work. Instead the child in this book has a fit and is rewarded when his mom gives in and buys ALL the stuffed animals he wants.  The message about giving to those less fortunate is totally overshadowed by the fact the mom bought hundreds of dollars worth of stuffed animals to begin with!  Is this a reality for any of us???
I agree that Gordon is what we call a "coffee table" historian, whose work is much wider than it is deep, and heavily shaded by his blatant pro-free market leanings. Compared with other historians of the Great Depression like Galbraith, for example, the writing is turgid and leaden.A good illustration of Gordon's neoliberal bias is his blithe conclusion on NPR the other day that the notion that suicides increased in the aftermath of the 1929 financial crash was nothing but a "myth." A similar claim is recited in this book. But in this case Gordon simply doesn't know what he's talking about. First, suicides are notoriously underreported, especially by middle-class families for whom they remain something of a scandal. Second, according to the CDC, the official US suicide rate did indeed increase dramatically in the wake of the 1929 crash. The median rate for 1920-29 was 12.2 per 100,000. It was 13.5 in 1928, 13.9 in 1929,15.6 in 1930, 16.8 in 1931, and 17.4 in 1932. Obviously it took some time for the negative wealth effects of the 10/29/1929 crash to register. The fact that, as Gordon claims, there were few extra suicides reported in the "last quarter of 1929 in New York City" is irrelevant -- most wealthy speculators lived elsewhere and the effects took time. Third, A simple check of the New York Times and Time Magazine archives for that period will confirm that there were indeed many individual cases of reported suicides by prominent investors. Fourth, the aggregate suicide rate then retreated gradually, to 14.3 in 1936, before jumping to 15 in 1937 and 15.3 in 1938 -- consistent with the lagged effects of 1937's steep slide. Similar increases in US suicide rates can also be found for the steep 1907-08 recession, for later US recessions, and for other countries. It's not surprising the 1987 stock crash didn't produce many deaths; it was over quickly, and didn't produce a recession. Would be scholar Gordon needs to do his homework.
The only nice thing I can say about The Hour I First Believed is that it is ambitious about a difficult subject matter - the Columbine Massacre and PTSD. However, the weaving of additional sub-plots of addiction, broken relationships, painful childhoods, forgiveness, and the forging of new romantic interests just kills any meaningful discourse on PTSD or the shooting. Broken into three parts the first and most compelling portion of the book covers the Columbine shooting itself with actual passages taken from the shooters own words. That was a strange sentence to write. The other two parts are suppose to be about the difficulties dealing with and the recovery from survivors guilt/PTSD. But here the book goes off the rails and manders from sub-plot to the next rendering the first part and the main plot as backdrop for Lamb's other musings. I can't escape the feeling that the Japanese authors have read have done just as much as Lamb has here but managed to do it about a fifth of the length.I also think that there needs to be a dreaded, slightly decretory tone saying for literary fiction about unnecessary but detailed biographical stories of characters like there is for the &#34;info dump&#34; in science fiction. Complex biographical back stories that adds nothing to the plot, doesn't add complexity to the characters, it just bores the readers and shows how shallow the characterization is in the first place. The weird thing is that this biographical detail wasn't needed at all, the characters were already fully fleshed out with sides to their lives that weren't directly tied to moving the plot forward. Not one of the better reads of the year.
I also used to love stehanie laurens but lately too much sex and not enough story. Ps I am not a prude Ps
I haven't read this but who doesn't love the wizdard of Oz. I've grown up watching this movie from a small child. I just wanted to read the book to compare but I have so many other books I've started that I have to finish first and then move on.
I read this book because my English Professor spoke highly of it. I would call it a collection of stupid and hypocritical opinions and ideas. So why did your bridge fall down Mr. Engineer? Oh, I dropped my structural steel class so I could do a course in another language. I don't think it's right to criticize something like a college degree if a person doesn't even possess one. Actually I think that something like a college degree would be a great start before writing a book like this. It might decrease the chances of writing a book as stupid as this one. This book insulted my intelligence and I wouldn't even recommend it for a laugh.
This material, which I could hardly call a novel, looks like someone tried a little industrial production technique - divide material, assign it to different groups of students and the add a bit of text to make it look like a minimal connection. One can easily separate 3 stories which hardly touch each other at all, and are not even mixed but just shufled a bit in a completely mechanical manner - small pack of book flags just to mark chapters will allows you to read them without having any problems following the &quot;action&quot; since they simply don't interfere.Rather hilarious side effect of this artificial composition that in many places author would go summarizing parts of &quot;other books&quot;  and occasionally you would get the summary before the long and slow part actually comes. It looks like he was either in a dilemma whether the shuffling of disconnected parts would &quot;pass&quot; at all or he actually went to write one regular novel and then just wanted to stuff in the &quot;extras&quot; which were not complete enough to survive on their own.The end result it a rather sorry compound in which one book looks like an all too common Hollywood 3 act plot, the other might have had a potential as a book of the old Italian crossing the globe if given the time to be developed to stand on it's own feet, and the third being hardly anything more then a little politicking and  leafing through some psychology books to write rather incoherent illustrations.Bibliography is not bad though. Just like the usual academic papers, the book actually has the bibliography section which completes the picture of the whole book as a kind of raw, mechanical design and nothing one could actually call a novel, let alone a work of art. To some extent, the style and composition do resemble books printed at fast speed for each new version of various software packages and produced as a literal paste-up of chapters written by different authors. One can see a technique, but that is where everything begins and ends in this book.
Moore only takes a break from distorting the truth, when he outright lies!  Such as over 70% percent of one years defense budget went to build 1 plane!!!  I'd love to list all the errors and lies that appear in this book but I'm limited to a 1,000 words.  Do a Google news search on this topic and you'll find plenty of sources for the truth.  Moore is the Paulie Shore of politics.  He's a 1 trick pony, and the time to send that pony to the glue factory has long since passed.
I purchased The Zone diet book a few years ago in many an attempt to loose weight.  While it was part of the "low carb" diet craze and does provide some good insights, it's too complicated.  Everything has to be eaten in percentages, and your diet has to be limited from the bad carbs (bread, pasta, sweets, etc.).  You need to limit portions, eat fruit and vegetables, and not live so strictly, otherwise you will be unhappy.
I'm sorry but Mr.Lewis' writing struck me as pedantic and boring.  I was initially interested in his works because of my readings in grief literature.  I couldn't get into any of his stories.  They seemed dry to me. I like the idea behind his "Screwtape Letters"  but it didnt hold my attention.  I am glad he is well read but personally I am just not into his books.
The main problem with Love The One You're With - like others in this series - is that it takes itself too seriously. The plot - such as it is - is pure soap.Mitchell's partner, Raheim, is out of town, and Mitchell is suddenly faced with an onslaught of attractive men vying for his attention. Naturally, they're all super-attractive, big-booty bruthas desperate for Mitchell; they're all either hyper-masculine or hyper-groomed. This might have been funny, had it not been handled with such a lack of modesty by our 'hero' (who is, naturally, attractive and talented in equal measures) and becomes increasingly tedious and unbelievable. Conceit and self-importance are a turn-off for most people, and these suppsoed suitors would turn on the haughty Mr. Crawford as rapidly as the reader does.It's the unappealing characters who fill the pages that really grate on the nerves. Never before have so many vain, judgemental, bitching queens been assembled. Hardy's work has been called 'the black gay Sex And The City' by some, a libellous slur on that show. At best, Hardy's brand of 'razor sharp wit' is banal carping. At worst, it's a dangerous, unnecessarily vicious attack on those Hardy judges as the enemy in his war on racial harmony.What are young men of mixed black/white (or any other mix) parentage to make of a book that tells them they are born of a fraud? Or the multitude of men in interracial relationships, who are told they are living a lie? Hardy has set himself up as the ultimate authority on issues of race and sexuality, and from his position on high, has decided what is right and what is wrong. Unfortunately, in his world, everything is black and white. No room is left for those who don't fit his narrow world view. It's wrong for a black man and a white man to love one another, apparently, because the white man is using the black man to live out slave fantasies. Okay, so what if two mixed-race men love one another? Is that permitted in Hardy's world? Or doesn't mixed-race count as black? How black do you have to be, one wonders, if you are only ever one or the other? It seems that Hardy's characters prove their 'blackness' by denigrating Caucasians at every opportunity. Every Caucasian encountered in the book, or referred to, is either an out-and-out racist or worse still a cringe-inducing pseudo liberal (Hardy sees no difference between the two. A liberal is merely a redneck in disguise, or one attempting to salve their guilty conscience).As an aside, it's worth noting that Hardy considers it wrong for white men to fetishise black men (it's BAD AND WRONG if they find large lips, dark skin or a big booty attractive), yet Hardy has deemed it okay for his middle-class, sanctimonious lead, Mitchell, to fetishise the down-low, straight-out-tha-ghetto lover, Raheim.Hardy vastly over-estimates his own intellectual stature. Take the scene in which Mitchell interviews a black (gay) republican. Mitchell floors the republican with some cutting questions. I'm sorry, but reality check, Mr. Hardy! Almost any politician would have a slick comeback rehearsed - politicians know how to deal with difficult questions, and those Hardy (I'm sorry, Mitchell) puts aren't rocket science. Has Hardy ever actually spoken to a black republican, or even read any books penned by one? Hardy wishes to establish Mitchell's, and by extension, his own intellectual standing, yet everyone he meets who dares to have a different opinion is a babbling idiot, unable to make any argument once Mitchell opens his mouth. The reader is left with the distinct impression that Hardy is so righteous that he has never listened to anyone who might have a different point of view.His style of writing itself is peculiar. Desperately trying to be hip and trendy, he comes across as patronising and holier-than-thou. If his target audience is young black men (which it clearly is) then he clearly has a low opinion of them. At times it's rather like reading a lecture by a boring do-gooder. Even his fans have criticised his long, tedious digressions into politics, education, or whichever issue happened to cross his mind on a given day. There's a particularly bad chapter in a supermarket where Mitchell is standing in line, which tries to come across as a Jerry Seinfeld "have you ever noticed how..." moment, and fails miserably.There are seemingly endless pages of filler. Trying to up the word count from his last effort, the wafer- thin The Day Eazy-E Died, Hardy gives us lengthy catalogues of the songs played in whichever club the characters find themselves in. He describes in minute detail the menu every time a character has a meal. And there are whole chapters of meaningless fluff, in which Mitchell and Raheim have late night, long distance "I miss you" calls. None of this furthers the plot, or character development, and serves only to antagonise. It's another indication of the author being so in awe of his creations, that he expects his readers to be intrigued by every detail of their lives.The first novel in this series, published a couple of hundred years ago (or at least that's how it feels) was fresh and original, and lacked much (if not all) of the spite and nastiness of its successors. But Hardy has proven himself to be a cynical opportunist, shamelessly flogging this dead horse for all it's worth. Worse still, a sixth (and apparently final) instalment is to follow.And after 262 pages of righteousness, we're told that it's okay to cheat on your lover, so long as you don't actually kiss the other man. At least it's in keeping with the tone of the rest of the book.
Before this book, I was an admirer of Wally Lamb's novels. They have a lot in common: long, first-person picaresque and rambling, Lamb's books tap into large, philosophical themes like the meaning of life, the value of family, the role of faith. These are big novels with big, showy titles.So, Lamb sets himself major challenges as a writer. That's good. This time, though, he isn't able to meet those challenges successfully. The angry, self-indulgent, graceless narrator, Caelum Quirk, is not engaging enough for the reader to care about his various ancestors and friends. The letters from Caelum's civil war era great-grandmother, which ramble on for pages and pages, are dull and self-justifying. Too much of the book is just plain put-downable. A lot of it borders on glib. Finally, the story is harnessed to an allegorical framework (the quest, the minotaur, the maze) that tries too hard to bring together too many disparate stories and overburdens the fiction with historical background. The resulting novel is labored, mechanical, and pretentious. Especially pretentious is the matter at the back of the book, which includes everything from a musical playlist of tunes that inspired Lamb to a list of charities to which a reader affected by the story might wish to donate.One of the biggest risks Lamb takes is setting part of the book in the center of the real Columbine tragedy. He explains in an afterword why he thought that this choice was the right one, why to do otherwise would be to shirk the true implications of his story -- and he shows some humility and sympathy for the people who actually experienced this terrible day. But it would take a writer more brilliant than Lamb (at least as he performs in this novel) to do true justice to that real experience. I found his use of this event, with its shock value, more prurient than illuminating. I know this wasn't his intention, but his use of Columbine seemed manipulative and exploitative to me. I felt he was trading on real pain for a fictional pay off.
Completely devoid of any objective perspective, the author is a hypocrite and deserves a spanking.  Naughty boy!  He has become a part of the very system he abhors.
I hovered between 2 and 3 stars for this one as 2.5 is not an option.  Unfortunately, 2 stars it will have to be.  This book failed to reach its potential and, for me, was too full of errors and required too much stretching of reality to keep my attention.  Others have summed up the plot which, on the whole, was probably the best aspect of the book.  I just kept thinking that other writers, perhaps Julia Quinn or Barbara Metzger could have given it a bit more polish and credibility.  It had the potential to be very funny but sadly lacked wit and depth.Too many errors crept in which stopped the narrative from flowing smoothly.  Here are a few examples:.... "we will never pay another red cent" - an American expression which I doubt was used in the timeframe on either side of the pond."Marquess Bonnington" - should be The Marquess of Bonnington.  Small point but silly error."She took a bite of chicken.  It tasted like a wrung-out piece of dishcloth"  I doubt very much if a duchess of immense wealth even knew what a dishcloth was!"I am the Duchess of Girton ... I have been the duchess for twelve years and I've run the estate for eight, since your father (eg the duke's father) became incapacitated."  Wait a minute!  The duke must have died 12 years ago for Cam and Gina to become duke and duchess - he couldn't succeed to the title just because his father was incapacitated.Later on one of the other characters talks of her clothing size and going up two sizes.  In those days no-one, least of all aristocrats with hand made clothing, had sizes.I marked more instances in my copy of the book but you will see my annoyance.I'm afraid I was very disappointed in this book.  I struggled to finish it and was surprised at its silliness.  The dialogue is incredulous at times and it detracted even more than the errors from the whole.  I'm not sure whether to try again with the author and unfortunately, can't really recommend this book to readers who like well developed characters acting out credible stories speaking witty and believeable dialogue.
This is a fine tribute, but it should be kept as a memorial or a showcase.  This isnt a book for memorializing, it is a book of pictures FROM the memorial that was set up by Mr. Feldschuh.  It is sometimes hard to see, many pictures are blurry and hard to make out.  A lot of the pictures or captions are cut off as they are trying to represent what the gallery was.If you are looking for a good book to remember the terrible fate we beheld, go for &quot;One Nation&quot;  absolutly riviting, from cover to cover!
...This is a biased view of the world according to Moore. Very little facts presented to substantiate the opinions or alleged facts. Not even funny. The author likes to think of himself as a bit of a comedian. I am sure he is laughing all the way to the bank with his profits from selling this book of diatribe.
This is a great book of you are in the choir and like getting preached to.I'm sorry, but this book seemed rehashed and canned.  It felt like I had heard everything before.  I also find Moore to be an untrustworthy source, and question his claims.  If you don't like Republicans read this for your own succor, but don't take him seriously.
I have loved the Wizard of Oz movie since I was a kid and so I thought reading the book would be fun. How they put such a good movie together out of such a badly written story is amazing. I really couldn't even finish the book.
I found this to be the worst of Ms. Jame's books. The only reason I would recommend it is to get to know Gina's friends, who have books that center more on them later. I found Gina and Cam to be unrealistic; or maybe just that I didn't care for them. However, Esme and Sebastian were what spurred me on to read more in this series.
Do we really need another Mencken biography, especially one as disparaging as Terry Teachout's?  Mencken haters already have Kemler's viewpoint and Angoff's discredited account (Teachout draws from both).  The rest of us can choose from the more detailed versions of Goldberg, Bode, Manchester and Hobson, though Mencken's autobiographical works are preferable.Why does Teachout wish to discredit Mencken?  Is he another government or religious sycophant?  Could this otherwise obscure journalist be jealous of Mencken's talent, fame, accomplishments and free speech?  Does Mencken's dismissal of his precious Henry James rankle?  Won't his publisher accept accuracy?  Perhaps the reason is buried in the "About the Author" page at the book's end:  Teachout is a jazz musician, and Mencken hated jazz.  If Teachout also likes disco, I sure don't want him writing my bio (not that I rate one).  Since Teachout doubtless considers his book's title derisive, let's return the favor and dub him The Virtuoso."The Skeptic" is more subjective commentary than biography.  Ideally, a biographer should stick to the facts; bias, in either direction, belongs on the op-ed page.  The Virtuoso faults another Mencken biographer for trying to copy Mencken's style, yet he falls into the same trap.  He also copies from his own introduction to A Second Mencken Chrestomathy.  Several typos betray a poor job of proofreading.  Little new is added; most of the Mencken quotes can be found elsewhere.  While reading it, I kept stopping to consult Mencken's far superior writing.  I never felt like I was actually there.Rather than choose a defining moment in Mencken's career, such as his coverage of the Scopes trial or his agreement to review books for The Smart Set, The Virtuoso begins his meandering prologue with the 1934 Gridiron Club speeches that he claims sparked Mencken's lasting hatred of FDR.  Mencken wrote against Roosevelt II since at least 1920; after FDR became president, Mencken waited until Prohibition ended before attacking the New Deal.  Perhaps Mencken wrote more about FDR because he was president for so long, but he had a valid point, since Roosevelt II was as close to a dictator as America came until Bush II stole the election.  Besides, Mencken was at least as hard on Hoover, Coolidge, Harding, and Wilson.The Virtuoso wonders why Mencken could write "I am thus inclined to believe that the world is constantly growing better, at least on its more enlightened levels....Every time the scientists take another fort from the theologians and politicians there is genuine human progress" during World War II.  Should we examine his own commentary during the Iraq wars?  He also claims, "Mencken failed to grasp the full extent of Nazi Germany's depravity".  As early as May 12, 1933, Mencken wrote in a private letter, "...by talking and acting in a completely lunatic manner, Hitler and his associates have thrown away the German case and given the enemies of their country enough ammunition to last for years."  He later wrote, "I dislike all of Hitler's ideas save one, and that is the idea that England should keep out of Central Europe."The Virtuoso claims that Mencken wrote no more fiction after 1904, completely ignoring A Book of Burlesques, published more than 10 years later.  He calls Clarence Darrow an atheist; Darrow was an agnostic.  He quotes Mencken's conclusion that "journalism is not an exact science":  neither, apparently, is biography, when conducted by today's journalists.Mencken's inconsistencies bother The Virtuoso.  He notes that Mencken had -- and met -- tight deadlines during his Smart Set years, then complains that Mencken's writings lack depth.  How, exactly, is that consistent?  Among his various categorizations, The Virtuoso accurately calls Mencken a contrarian, though only once.  Had he followed up on this description, perhaps he'd have found some consistency.The Virtuoso plays only the tunes that he wants us to hear; one of his favorites is anti-Semetism.  Mencken spared no ethnic groups; he even insulted Germans and the English, despite being 3/4 German and 1/4 English.  His most vicious diatribes were against hillbillies, yet no one objects to that.  Why is deriding Jews forbidden while hillbillies are fair game?  If The Virtuoso wants consistency.....Both sides generally agree that Mencken's political forecasts were right about half of the time; The Virtuoso allows Mencken only a few accuracies.  One that he missed was Mencken's prediction of Bush II's presidency in the July 26, 1920 Baltimore Evening Sun:  "On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron."  Step aside, Nostradamus.Mencken's lasting values, among others, are that he thought outside of the mainstream, and his often timeless writings are a major archive of the 20th Century's first half.  Whether friendly or hostile, no biography can compare.
very good characters and stories and exspecialy Sherillyn Kenyons story about stryder
First and foremost, I am sick & tired of reverse racism and any racism for that matter. If a book was written titled "Stupid Black Men" or "Idiotic Mexicans" or any other ethnicity it would have been burned before it was even considered for publication. THIS IS AN ATROCITY and I am ashamed that America allows this hatred and suprisingly supports it.Secondly, after reading portions in a book store I found it to be nothing more than anecdotal ranting, one-sided storytelling and opinion rather than unbiased fact. It panders to the left by telling them what they already believe and yet it will fail to bring about engaging or elightening debate amongst those that disagree.How on God's Earth can they allow a title such as this!?!? For all of humanity...get off it! Say it with me...PEOPLE DESERVE TO BE TREATED WITH DIGNITY & RESPECT REGARDLESS OF COLOR.
It takes so many minutes to make these meals and you almost have to be a super chef to make most of them, and those &quot;minutes&quot; add up to several hours.  The meals can be made in seconds also,  lots more of them.  It is really irritating that the title is so deceptive.  I like this eating style,  but I will not buy all of the spices and stuff that it takes to make them.  There are some ridiculous ingredients that I haven't even heard of.  If I could afford a personal chef,  I would toss them this book and stick a five star plus rating here because I would love to taste some of them.  If you are a great chef that likes to take some time to cook,  head over to ebay and bid on mine or the many up for sale there.  Oh yea,  there are lots of easier zone recipes on the zone perfect site that are really quick and that taste great.As for the actual eating plan,  the increase in  energy is unbelieveable.  I have no more late night cravings for sugary junk food which were extremely strong.  I felt like a heroin addict searching for a fix except I was headed for Braums Ice cream store instead of downtown Plano.  Those are gone and I can't believe it.  I do thank the doc for that,  but quit throwing recipe books together and sticking a new name on them unless the money goes to a really worthy cause.
The cover of this paperback brands it "A Novel of Suspense."  That description sucked me in but it was blatantly false advertising, unless you happen to equate frustration with suspense.  I, for one, don't.The book is a slow and frustrating, albeit meticulous and plausible, series of flashbacks into the lives of three teenage girls and the people who surround their lives.I kept waiting for some suspense or action.  Sorry, but it's not here.  In the first few pages you hear third-hand about a school shooting, and then spend the entire book wanting to find out what happened.  As the pages wind out you learn more than you ever wanted to know about a whole raft of selfish, unsympathetic characters.At the very end you learn what happened in the shooting, but guess what:  it really wasn't all that exciting.  It's a total let-down after all your hard work slogging through thirty or forty flashbacks, many of which are only marginally relevant to the plot.No, I'm sorry, but this is not a novel of suspense.  If you're into a carefully written, but not too interesting, set of character studies, than knock yourself out.  If you want suspense, much less any action, you'd better keep looking.
This was not romantic!!! I can't believe the good reviews this got. There is nothing romantic about rape, revenge and cruelty. The heroine did wrong, but the so called hero really went overboard punishing her. Theres no tender feelings ever revealed. Everyone else is excused and rewarded for their part in the deceit and abuse. Rowena is reviled, humiliated, and threatened with physical abuse at every turn. That  is in addition to his unwanted forced sexual attacks. It's enough to make anyone swoon.  How romantic!!!! REALLY! Skip this one.
I am 38 years old, and have read hundreds of science fiction books.  This is the first one I was unable to finish.  Although there are interesting parts, they are few and far between.  Some good, tight editing could have made this a much more fast paced and interesting read.  The back cover suggested a really cool story, but many of those elements are not introduced until 200 pages in.  By 400, only halfway through, I could not go on.
Hoping it would have some humor, but mostly a lot of whining about Conservatives and the last presidential election. I guess you might enjoy it if you like that kind of thing.
I had heard about this book years ago, and thought the idea sounded good. Read it today, as I babysat my granddaughter, and it's awful!! Not only is the lesson so buried as to be impossible to discern, it's poorly written and boring besides. Big disappointment.
I expected more from this book based on the reviews. I was disappointed. I got so bored!!!!! It took me two weeks to finish this since i fall asleep everytime i try to read.
I have tried many times to read this book. I got to page 50 or so this time and stopped. It's slow-moving and confusing, which is a difficult combination. I haven't tried his other books, nor do I think I will.
This is an open letter to the author, Barry GlassnerYou appear to believe that the only reasonspeople limit their intake of pleasurable foods--with fats, salt, MSG, etc.--are for weightmaintenance, longer life, better health and other self-serving objectives.  I have givenup red meat, poultry, fish, and dairy products while recognizing the loss to the pleasuresof my own taste buds, but with the greater satisfaction of being able to look myself in themirror: I am not contributing to  an industry that day-in, day-out causesenormous suffering to literally billions of animals annually in our own country alone.Though you mention animal rights here and there in The Gospel of Food, you at notime make a connection between the joys of eating foie gras , beef, squab, and the like,and the suffering that this consumption is causing to creatures as sentient as you.By dissing folks who shun the foods you enjoy, assuming that they have all bought intonostrums provided by quacks like Atkins, you are shortchanging many.  Millions of usrefuse to partake of the pleasures of the palate that demand suffering and blood frominnocent, sentient beings.
Let's compare this book to Foley's.Foley wrote his (which was about 1/3rd longer than the Rock's, all by himself. Rock used a ghostwriter.Foley's words were all his own, with nothing changed and very minimal editing. Rock had a writer from sports magazines practically writing his book for him, and it shows as every page is filled with hokey text that sounds like something from a Disney movie.Everything Foley said in his book was the truth, and most of it can be proven to BE the truth with just a bit of research. Whereas it has been publicaly documented that Rock lied about quite a few things in his book. Not surprising because the whole thing comes off as dishonest and fake.Horrid, horrible book.
Many years ago, I enjoyed some of Moore's work. But this time, I'm sorry this guy got my money. I had no idea any human being could be so narrow-minded and so full of himself. But, at least I have a better idea of how this kind of people "think." If he can sway even a dozen voters, this country's gonna be a much worse place to raise a family than it already is.
Brilliantly written, but a masterpiece of partisanism. If G.W. Bush one day will take this guy to Court he will have to leave behind even his underwears. The allegations he made are absolute rubbish from beginning to the end.If George W. was the &quot;thief in chief&quot; then Al Gore would have to be the stupid in chief. If you go to a department store and they cheat on your bill what will you do? having the right on your side you will fight to the end to have your money back, but what about Al Gore? He has been cheated, according to the author, of the the top job in the World and he just kept quiet about that. So, if this is real, he would have never been worth of the top job itself!
The book had mold on the pages.  It was a cheap book, but I did want to save it, so mod is not good.
I read this book looking for some new information but all I found was foolish prattle.  The book reveals more about Ms. Noonan than it does about Mrs. Clinton.
This book to me was not so good. When I first starting reading the book I thought it was very long and hard to get through, it took me a little over a week to just read the first chapter, not because it had hard vocabulary, but mostly because it was very boring. The authors writing style is very deep and efficient, but at the same time I felt that she didnt really do much to make the main character Lenora that likeable, throughout most of the book she seems very dull and just plain old boring..................another thing I could not stand about her was her "I'm so proud to be black attitude", its one thing to be proud of who you are but going to the extreme is just over the top for me. Take one part of the book where it is mentioned that Lenora would rather drive miles away as opposed to just driving a half a mile to a gas station just to get gas because the gas station miles away is owned by a black man. I find that very idiotic and so stupid.....As for Porter, he did not do anything for me either at all in the book. Lenora's best freind is another character that didnt cut it for me at all also, when she finds out why Lenora's been acting fishy, I just think that she gets a little too upset to the point where I wondered if she was more than a freind to Lenora.Would I recommend this book to somebody, no not really.
I'm sorry, I found this book a total bore.  None of the characters were particularly remarkable or interesting--although, my heart went out to little Charlie.  I couldn't figure out why Mr. Kimble married the first wife.  Not much in it for him with that one except youth.  And what was he doing while he spend so many hours away from home?  Was he truly engrossed in his business or was he with other women?  There are just too many people like him and too many dumb women in real life to make this book interesting.  Nothing unique about it.  If I hadn't been stuck in the middle of nowhere with nothing else to read I wouldn't have read it.  It makes the good books out there seem so much better.
I do not find the liberal left to be offensive or even repugnant. I'm not crazy about some of their ideas but my suspician is, that's what makes it America. That's why we can burn the flag. That's why we can dance naked in expression of our right to free speech. But if your spiritual leader is Ted Kennedy, and your toastmaster is Michael Moore, Good God Man, can you even wonder why people don't take you seriously?This guy is a comedian. I mean, that's all he is. He's George Carlin. OK. He's two George Carlins. Buy this book . . . to line your daughter's parakeet cage. What country does he live in?You know, I just thought of it. This will change my mind. The next movie he makes on how terrible the country is, something even more critical than F911, something so offensive as to make normal, church going Dems cringe, if he takes all the profits, HIS and all of his "FRIENDS" and turns all the money over to the Democratic National Party, then I'll admit he's got some moxie.But until he does that, let's face it, he's just another capitalist making a buck. 1 star. Larry Scantlebury
This is not exactly a biography as about 75% of The Skeptic is devoted to an indictment of H. L. Mencken as an anti-Semitic bigot.  It is far from being a balanced discussion, as only material for the prosecution is presented, and there is no mention of how Mencken aided and supported Jews and other minority writers. (The second most frequently published author in Mencken's magazine, The American Mercury, was George Schuyler, an African-American.)  There is  scant notice of how Mencken chose young Alfred Knopf, a Jew, as his publisher, nothing said about Mencken's crusade against the then-common practice of lynching or his war against the KKK (all this at a time when many state governments --e.g., Indiana-- were controlled by the Klan), and reference to Mencken's actual efforts to get Jews out of Germany is relegated to a tiny footnote on page 290.  Mencken's 1938 column, "Help for the Jews" is dismissed because he advocated free immigration into the U.S. only for German Jews.  (This was, of course, nearly a year before World War II began.)In addition to the charges of bigotry, another 20% of this book is devoted to Mencken's sex life, as if this were somehow significant, and one gets the impression that this is actually the Kitty Kelley expose of Mencken rather than a serious biography.In general, "The Skeptic" is remarkable for what it lacks.  Anyone unfamiliar with the writing of H. L. Mencken could set this book down and be puzzled as to why there are so many readers who delight in Mencken's wit and insight, as there is no clue provided as to what Mencken's redeeming qualities were.  Is there any mention of Mencken's analysis of why politicians behave as they do?  Nada.  Does it discuss the significant relationship between Christianity and democracy that Mencken held was central to our society?  Not here.  Does it give an example of his shrewdness such as the deft condensation of three pages by Thorstein Veblen down to one banal paragraph?  Not at all, as the name Veblen does not appear in this book.  Does it even acknowledge Mencken's contribution in changing the national literature from being based on moralism to a basis in realism? Nope.Ah, but I must confess at once that this last negative is not quite true, as there is some discussion of Mencken as an editor and literary critic.  According to Dr. Teachout, Mencken was obviously a very poor literary critic because he didn't like Hemingway and instead championed a ghastly author named Theodore Dreiser who is deservedly forgotten today.  The American Mercury itself was of no significance, Mr. Teachout maintains, as it was merely a short-lived fad that featured the works of unknowns who couldn't have been worth reading.Not only is this not a balanced account, it's a dull read.  It has always escaped me exactly why Mr. Teachout is held in high esteem as an author.  It defies the imagination that anyone who writes for a living could be so utterly bereft of any gift for storytelling that he could ruin the marvelous tale of how Mencken discovered the novel Main Street by Sinclair Lewis, or suck all the adventure out of the Hatrack prosecution in Boston, or spoil the spectacle of the Scopes Monkey Trial, yet in each case Teachout's account reads like the Cliff's Notes version of previous biographies.Those who'd like an entertaining and informative account of H. L. Mencken and his times would do well to obtain "Disturber of the Peace" by one of America's greatest historians, William Manchester.  Those who merely want to read about an author's sex life would do better with "My Life and Loves" by Frank Harris.  Those who expect no pleasure whatsoever from reading may settle for this book.
youtube tom woods and peter schiff and ayn randthis smells like democrat scifiI think the nazis could be studied as an offshoot of how people react to too much governmetn destrying the economywhat will happen in usa?everyoen knows we ned to elmiate the fed, and public school, and all welfare and pensions, but politicians incentive is to spend maximum and retuire leaving debt to otherssee obama doing it right nowseems overrated author
It is hard to think that a book would have a character that the author has given TMI. I liked his other books and jumped on this when it came out, I just wished someone would have given it a  rating. I find it hard to believe that we need to know that the main character ejaculated into a cheez-it box. There must be some other way to express this moment than so much detail. There were several times in the book I was thinking, "really, what does that add to my sense of the character?" I would not reccomend this book or loan it out, because I just felt it was too overt in some places, and I don't need that much info about anyone, real or not.............It really took away from the purpose of the story.
My, my, my. This book was recommended to me via a handful of Twitter acquaintances when I asked "If I read one military science fiction book, what should it be?"What no one mentioned was how heavily dependent the plot, themes, subtext and "moral of the story" depended on homophobia and a reactionary view of gender roles written as a vision of the future in which the human race declines, beginning with women's sexual "liberation" (that is, the freedom to have sex with lots of different men without fear of pregnancy) and sliding slowly into -- get this -- government endorsed, then encouraged, then required "homosexuality."So the dystopian future is a world in which EVERYONE IS GAY!Never fear, Haldeman puts the worms back in the can for his (heterosexual and oppressed and misunderstood because of it) hero, via a deus ex machina by which his faithful female partner has waited for him for hundreds of years while keeping herself physically young and nubile so she can...wait for it...bear him a son in the epilogue.I'm sorry, but I am not giving this one a "but it was 1976" pass. In 1976, the Episcopal Church House of Bishops passed a resolution that homosexual people were equal in the eyes of God and ought to be equal in the eyes of the civil law as well. Which is simply to say that the entire world was not in the dark about these issues. Haldeman knew there were sides to be taken and he took one.The writing was great. That's what the stars are for.
I was so disappointed with the LIsa Kleypas portion of this book. Jake Linley deserved more. Craven's daughter deserves more than this silly novella.
I thought this romance was boring and predictable. The characters were hard to care about, and there was a lot of gratuitous sex. I had to make myself finish this book , which is never a good sign.
Or, "Stupid White Men: An Autobiography".God it must be great to be Michael Moore, polemicist-turned-filmmaker-turned-Patron Saint for the Unhappy American Left.Michael Moore is more that a poster-child for today's New Democrat: he is more like its fulminating mascot, a braying Jacka**, albeit one with the physical trappings of the hated Arch-Enemy, the Elephant. And it goes deeper than that: Moore is the Democrat mind, its soul, its most vocal adherent and willing acolyte.I think it's fair to say that Moore's "Stupid White Men" is pretty much a thorough-going exegesis into America's Disloyal Opposition, and if that's true---well, shiver me timbers, we're in pretty deep sh*t.Reading Moore---and god help me, I've done it so you won't have to---makes you wish, desperately, that surgeons could perfect liposuction for the brain.In Moore's stark, simple, politically Manichean universe, George W. Bush---a hapless, inept scion of a Texas-to-Maine blue-blood American family, foisted upon the national stage at a time of incredible crisis and peril---is Evil.Hmmmm...Evil. Like Pol Pot evil, say, indoctrinating an entire generation of young Cambodians to grow up as bloodthirsty stooges, ready to turn their own parents over to the Khmer Rouge, ready even to use plastic baggies to silence the "capitalist-roaders" among their own families?No, not quite. But Evil! I mean, Dude, he stole the election, with help from that Florida chick with the industrial-strength pancake make-up!Alright. So, perhaps, Saddam-Evil, slicing off the tongues of those who dared speak out against his Ba'athist kleptocracy, officiating over government 'rape-rooms', feeding opponents, quite literally, through a meat-grinder? That sort of Evil?Well, not quite. And besides! The US supported Saddam way back in the eighties!, says Moore.Evil, as in Arafat evil? The Evil of a syphilitic, AIDs-ridden tyrannical wreck, an ogre in human skin who had one of his rivals killed, then presented the man's son with a service revolver and the exhortation to "kill the Jew devil" who murdered daddy?Nah, not exactly; though Moore does pen a winsome, cheeky open-letter to Arafat exhorting him to go the Gandhi non-violence route. Go to the Light Side, Lord Vader. Brought tears to my eyes, I can tell you.It would be a colossal error to call Michael Moore stupid: by any observation he is anything but, a canny, calculating, consistently shrewd carnival-barker who has elevated his own carnival-barker instincts and mediocre talents into a handsome living as a multimillionaire conjurer of hate, envy, and despair.The real question, becomes this: to whom does the title "Stupid White Men" refer? To Moore's enemies, who, according to Moore himself, stand astride the world and history?Or to Moore himself, who rakes in his millions and continues to collect lavish speaking fees at disaffected, angst-ridden colleges across the country?Or to you, his target demographic, from whom he fleeces millions a year?Stupid White Men, indeed.JSG
I loved the idea of this book.  I really disliked the execution.He didn't walk the bible.  He didn't tell me anything I didn't know.  And he didn't write this for kids.  He wrote a big book and thought if I pare it down, I can sell it again for more money.I agree with the photos -- bad quality.  And I really didn't care about all the problems he ran into.  Describe to me what I cannot see myself.Don't waste your time on this.
I've read other Elizabeth Lowell novels some are pretty good but this was is a real dud! This novel twists and turns but not in a good way. I rarely give up on a book so I really had to push myself to finish this one. I don't recommend this book.
Well, I gave what I thought to be a valiant effort at 260 pages, then had to say: no more. I'll admit it - I'm 53 years old, and while I have worked with computers for the past 30 years, to look at me you wouldn't think I was a computer geek, but perhaps I am. My beef is this: I grew up with the novels of Arthur Hailey (remember Airport?) where he spun out 8 or 10 storylines, then began to tie them together. Stephenson never ties them together. Perhaps you have to be 14 years old and have the attention span of a gnat to appreciate this (new?) writing style, but it's not for me.
We picked this up at a garage sale because it had a Caldecott Medal Award on it (and because it was $.10). Maybe it's just myself, my wife, our three-year-old and my parents, but no one liked this book at all. The beginning part was fun to read, but it went downhill fast. Lines like, "I'm brining home a turtle and a rabbit and a giant and a little dead mouse - I take it everywheres" left us a little weirded out, and not in a fun way. Then there is the page of almost nothing but, "dee dee dee..."The pictures are playful and whimsical, but the text is really lacking of the same creativity.I think that our son summed it up correctly when he asked, "Was that it?"
I would have hated to read the first version of this book. This re-written version was so boring that I read 10 pages at a time and dreaded picking it up again each time. Bernard was the only character with any real passion and he wasn't a pleasant person. Justin was somewhat interesting until he went soft halfway through the book. Lysette trying to pretend to be a parent to two boys that were almost the same age as her was very weird. For that matter I couldn't quite get it out of my head how young she was compared to Max. It was like he was having sex with a 12 year old. There was no passion or friction between the two at all. The romance part of this book was very, very boring. It would have been more fitting for Lysette to end up with one of the twins rather than Max. The end of the book was a great disappointment. What they did when the murderer was found out made me ill. I didn't enjoy this book at all.
This was a very boring read with too much internal dialogue and introspection for what the situation was.He wanted a wife, and she wanted to have babies and also learn about sex. And they were at a house party. Ho hum.I did not think the sex scenes steamy in any way.Anyway, just my 2 cents.
Nothing like teaching kids as early as possible that breastfeeding is "barbaric" and "cannibalism".  I am truly disgusted that children are reading this nonsense.  Shame on you, Ms. Levine!
I hardly know how to begin this review.  What to say about this book.  I read The Hour I First Believed in ten hours.  Feeling all the while like a moth drawn in to a flame, knowing I was going to be burned but unable to pull away.I bought the book because of the title... which is a line from an old hymn, written by man who had lost everything yet held on to faith and hope in the goodness of life.The Hour I First Believed, written about a man and woman enduring similar, catastrophic losses, led me to hope this book would be equally inspiring.But instead, I'm sitting here, struggling for words, feeling a solid dose of the PTSD described in the book.  Except this PTSD was brought on by what this author made me endure in his story.If you mix a coming of age story, with a historical biography from the Civil War, and a non fiction book on the Columbine murders, and then throw in a few political rants, and an oversized helping of truly raunchy erotica, you've got The Hour I First Believed.To Lamb's credit, the book is brilliantly written.  He's obviously poured his guts into the telling of this tale.And yet, this book is so grueling, often utterly base, emotionally draining, and for the most part devoid of hope.  I turned the last page feeling as though I'd had all wind knocked from my lungs.  Exhausted.  And in need of a full bucket of brain bleach to wash away some of the more horrific and despicable images painted in the story.Perhaps I've been sheltered--though my own life has had tremendous challenges--but is is our world truly this vile, this hopeless, this lost?The author covered just about every horrifying and despicable act mankind can perpetrate on each other.  In just one novel.And at the end of it all, the payoff we receive for suffering through the whole thing?Not enough to fill one page.  Out of nearly 800 pages of story!My advice to interested readers?  Save your money.  You'll not only save yourself the nearly $20 for the book itself, but also all the cash you'll need for counseling after you finish the book.My advice to the author?  Dear God, man, you're obviously a talented writer.  But anyone can suck people down and spread misery.  Use your gifts to give people HOPE instead.  Please!
I just finished &quot;Running in heels&quot; a couple of hours ago, &amp; I still can't decide if I liked it or not. On the one hand, I finished it quickly. But then again, this is what usually happens with all these romantic-comedy books. On the other hand, I didn't really like Natalie, &amp; how can you give a high rating to a book where you dislike the main character?Anna Maxted has created a woman who seems to have all sorts of different problems. This of course is not a bad thing, it's good to have such a reality-based protagonist in a book. But when an author chooses this approach, they should probably find reality-based solutions to these problems, too. And I think that's where &quot;Running in heels&quot; fails: Natalie's problems (basically her eating disorder) just seem to fade away with no effort whatsoever.It should also be noted that Natalie's anorexia &amp; bulimia seem to have escalated out of control, since she's losing her hair &amp; practically eating nothing. It's not as if she just started not eating...it seems like she's been at it for a while now. That's why it's totally unrealistic when she just &quot;gets over it&quot; with no counselling, &amp; basically no help from her friends, apart from a couple of &quot;introductory&quot; discussions.All in all, &quot;Running in heels&quot; is saved only by Anna Maxted's talent. She is a gifted writer, &amp; her characters come to life. I'll definitely buy her next book, but still--this one didn't manage to get its point across, at least as I see it. The author probably had something else in mind--a girl with low self esteem, with all sorts of problems, who learns how to solve them, how to help herself &amp; in the end how to love others. What this book is about, instead, is a very very weak &amp; not so nice character, who can't speak up for herself, &amp; who in the end magically just changes.
Ugh! Horrible book. I couldn't get past the first chapter. Borrrrrrrrrrring! Don't waste your time and money on this one.
Who is her editor?  The main character self-analyzes to the point of nausea. We got it. We do not need the author to explain to us what she is trying to say.  I felt, as the reader, that the author did not trust me to "get" her own work. It would have been a much better novel had she given her readers more credit.Not to mention, if she grew up in a cold family, with no experiences to open up her sexuality and sensuality, I did not buy that one boyfriend would all of a sudden be a panacea to a lifetime of suppression.
If this is supposed to be the best in rock writing, then rock really is dead.  Here we have the story of next to no talent musicians who can't write and play music to save their lives, telling their sad and happy tales of life in the rock and roll meat grinder.  Its incredible that a book this long can take up so many pages telling you next to nothing.  Page after page of nothing but excess in taking drugs, the groupie scene, more drugs,more groupies, with an occasional change of scene and then back to the same old boring things.  I got dizzy just reading this junk and went back to see if it got better.  It never does. I found myself laughing out loud at some of it.  All these groupies and no paternity suits?  No hush money?  Nothing about paying them off to keep quiet?  No STDs? No death threats from jealous boyfriends and other unhappy people? I've read a number of books about the great life celebrities are supposed to have... its anything but.  If rockers know that groupies are after their money and status, then why do they keep going to bed with them? Then its the number of groupies these guys claim to be with and yet no problems.  What it must be like to be a rock star... if only that were true. Do they have unlimited funds to pay them off?  Or is it just another rock legend?  Most people who have kicked off drugs spend years in rehab and more years after that drying out.  Yet these guys do drugs as if running out and come out of it without hardly any problems.  Man, give me a break.  This is the dirt alright, dirt thrown in your eyes. The Dirt is just another in a long line of hyped up bunk to take your money, while having you fantasize.  Its not even a good fantasy. Sixx supposedly had 30 or so groupies in one day.  He had a few groupies before a concert and a few others after the concert.  The authors forgot to mention that to pull that one off he must have consumed a "mountain" of viagra or other sex stimulants.  The rock group Hanoi rocks, questioned the claims of these guys and its easy to see why.  Millions of records sold etc. means millions of dollars in their and producers pockets. They get your money and you still fantasize.  The book should be sold in the fiction section of the bookstore.
I wish I had read these reviews before I bought the book!  I only got through the first chapter!  Luckily I bought it at my LBS(local book store) and don't have to pay S&H; to return it.Right away it bugged me when in the prologue, the main character agrees to take his son "on assignment" with him to help on his highly dangereous, super secret, spy mission.  This is just so UNBELIEVABLE on so many levels!  Then his son finds out who he is and appearantly everything he has done over the past few years, because he hacked into his dad's home computer.  Now forget that this kid is 9 years old - its a stretch but plausibloe; what kind of crappy spy keeps all his 'spy files' on his home computer where his son can find them?  I don't much care for spy motivated plots in romances, but if you are going to do it then do it well, not slip shod.Lastly, the language is just too cutesy and silly.  The other main character (Hannah) describes herself, to herself, as "the overworked, overextended, overdressed, but egregiously underpaid -not that she was bitter or anything - director of a tony private school."  While this was cutesy but amusing the first time, by the fourth time this exact phrasing was used within the first 20 pages, I had moved from irritated to disgusted.It is possible that the book got better - I only made it to page 29(that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1) - but I doubt it.  The son was cute, but not worth the read.  Save your $6.  Try anything by Jennifer Crusie or Flirting With Danger by Suzanne Enoch; funny, clever and engaging light, contemparary romances.
I loved his other two books, but this one just dragged on and on... I expected it to be great, but it ended up being the opposite.  Too many tangents and alternate story lines that went nowhere.  I got annoyed with his political agenda as well.  That is not what I pick up a novel for.  I felt like he was trying to recreate what he had accomplished with I Know This Much is True (sort of the same formula with the historical story-within-the-story and ending the book with the title... but this fell so far short of the mark.  Extremely disappointing.
I picked this book up with very high expectations. I ordered the Harcover edition of this book because I thought for sure it was going to be a prized gem in my library. WRONG!!! This has to be the most BORING book I've read in my entire life and I am not one to criticize, but it was just poorly written. She said the same things over and over again such as "You know children don't take after strangers", which was cute at first but quickly turned into a nuisance.I was so bored I almost put this book on the shelf without finishing it and I always finish books. I finished the book to see if it was going to get any better. WRONG AGAIN! If I had known it was this bad I would have saved my money and used it towards something better. If you just have to read it, please borrow it from someone or check it out from the libary!!
If you are old enough to remember these guys when they were in thier prime, the things that were funny and impresive sure sound stupid and classless now at 45 years old. Perhaps they are running out of money and selling books sounded like an idea? I couldnt get past the first chapter.
Too much information about his movies and not enough information about what Hitchcock was really like personally.  Would have been good to read more about his personal life.
This book was really well done with regards to its artwork and writing style.  It's got a really cute/kitschy retro style, both in writing and artwork.  But are you buying the book for its artwork or for its TIPS, supposedly coming from those who should surely know?Well, I bought this book for some good tips, and without getting too specific in a public forum, let's just say that I do not recommend any of the advice given!!  Two of the techniques in particular were completely contrary to what any of my partners have since said they like. Now maybe something was lost in the translation, but in a manual of this sort, you would hope the tips would be so clearly explained as to be goof proof, and in my experience that was not the case.This book was a great idea in theory, but for me it wasn't particularly helpful. Use at your own risk!
This was the most boring book I have ever tried to read. Magic gets explained over and over in almost every chapter. The author described everything in so much detail, the whole plot is lost. I couldn't even finish this thing, about half-way into it I realized I didn't care about any of the characters and already knew everything that was going to happen. Don't waste your money on this crappy excuse for fantasy.
Highly successful writers scare editors who, out of deference, would ignore a holocaust of piano tuners. "We just want the profit - write anything you want."  In this case, E. B. White creates an ending where the swan couple, Louis and Serena, make an annual visit to the Philadelphia Zoo. "If the Zoo needed a young Trumpeter Swan to add to its collection of waterfowl, Lewis would donate one of his cygnets, just as he had promised."  Louis made this criminal promise knowing the zoo amputates enough of one wing, so that the bird can never fly away. A bird parent, who himself cannot tolerate any lack of freedom, is doing this to one of his offspring?  Sorry, this ending sucks, now, and it sucked in 1970. The editor should have demanded a re-write.  Rule 13: Omit needless crimes.
I gave this plan my best shot but the recipes are too much trouble to fix.  I was interested in her no dairy, no sugar, no meat philosophy and have been dairy and sugar  free and have given up red meat.  I do believe that  has helped me. I can't afford to buy organic produce and I got tired of  fixing the family something different every night. I will be selling this  book as I have no need for it anymore.  Anyone interested?
I love reading and was excited to start this e-book.  After Chapter One I deleted it from my Kindle. I don't enjoy reading GD, and F$%&  in every paragraph or the sexual induendoes - just like it doesn't make a good movie, it doesn't make a good book either.  I realize this is just my opinion and others are not bothered by crudeness. For me I will stick to my YA and Christian fiction, or any other well written book with a good story.
I think I must have been reading a different book, because for the life of me I can't understand what all of these people found to love here.  I thought &quot;Confessions...&quot; was boring, dreary, and plotless.  It just seemed to go on and on with no end in sight.  Maybe I just didn't &quot;get&quot; it, but in my humble opinion this book is a definite miss.
Let me say this first off. Kurt Angle the wrestler is one of my favorites, and I have nothing but respect for him as a persn as well. I wish I had his drive, work ethic, and mental fortitude.That being said - eh, this book is entertaining but nothing special. The fundamental problem is this - the parts detailing his life growing up and his olympic trials, wins, and tribulations is entertaining, but let's face it - people are picking it up to hear about wrestling, and not the amateur kind. And that's where this book falls on its face, as once Kurt and his ghostwriter (whom you can tell wrote great swathing portions of this book without a lick of Kurt's imput at times) get to the wrestling section, it becomes a giant WWE fluff piece. Vince McMahon is a great person, everyone in the WWE works hard and gets along, injuries happen, yadda yeadda yadda. NOTHING is said that could rock anyone's boat here.It's good for a quick read if you're at borders or barnes and noble and want something to do for four hours. But otherwise, defiently not worth your moolah
I found it very hard to sit down and read or use this book.  Everything is crammed together so it reads like a text book.  Not at all like a cookbook.I am returning to amazon because I find it unusable due to the layout of the book.
All I can say is that I'm very glad I only borrowed this book.  I read most of it wondering what the point of the whole book was.  In my opinion it could have easily been summed up in one or two chapters and a couple of sex scenes.  I usually like to see the characters in a novel actually DO something.  In this one it seemed like all anyone did was either talk about their relationships and how to get someone in bed, or actually doing it.  The only part that seemed like plot, or could even had been construed as plot was the part with her brother.  It took up a single page tops, and had nothing to do with the rest of the story.  It should have been either completely left out or expanded on.I finished it, but in my opinion I should never have started.
(Which, in this instance, means "pick another writer.")  Snicket is clever -- these books are black humor, juvenile-style and, as an adult, I found them amusing.  Good literature, however, needs to have some redeeming quality beyond cleverness. Some tension to make the drama "work."  I agree with my 9-year-old grandson (an avid reader) who complained, "There's nothing good EVER happens!"  The stupidity of the adults is doubtless endearing to at least some children -- but it is not enough on which to construct a world.  I confess I do not see why these books are so popular when there is so much excellent children's fiction on the market today.
The key concept here is 'if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.'  Of course, if the author had followed this simple rule, there would have been no book.  And no advance.  And please spare me any mumbo-jumbo about the journalistic mandate to expose the truth.  The last thing this book feels like, oddly enough, is journalism.I was an adult Mets fan when they rolled through the 80s, so I had a pretty good idea of the personal failings of the major characters.  The reason I bought the book was that, after a pretty disheartening Mets season, it might be fun to relive 1986.  But when I was done with this book, my first instinct was to take a shower.  I'm not suggesting the author took liberties; I'm just asking what was the point of one nasty--borderline vicious--anecdote after another?  What was the point, other than making some money, of dragging this already well-documented group of idiots, miscreants and drug addicts through the mud?  In looking at Pearlman's other titles, this appears to be his MO.The 86 Mets, to my mind, were a joyous event.  Their legendary disfunctions made their triumph all the more joyous.  But there is no joy in this book.  My advice is only buy this if you're a Phillies fan.And one last thing, now that I'm warming up:  It annoys me that the author doesn't understand the difference between the word 'fury' and the word 'furor.'  Not once, but twice.Two positives:  I learned a lot about Bill Buckner that I didn't know.  And Frank Cashen's ruminations about what the team could have been if Strawberry and Gooden hadn't gone off the deep end were both interesting and a little bit heart-wrenching.But in the end, it's hard to imagine a book so full of nastiness being, in the end, so empty.
This book was recommended to me during a time in which I was suffering from a lack of reading material.  I tend to read sci-fi novels, but thought I would branch out into more reality-based fiction.This novel is a flop for several reasons.1.  This book is much longer than it should be.  I don't mean it's a little long-winded, I mean this book meanders out to San Francisco to get from New York City to Boston.  To illustrate this point, I will direct you to the 5-page section that painstakingly details one of the character's habits of keeping his milk cold so he can enjoy his Cap'n Crunch cereal.  Similarly, you can read the  10-page emails one of the characters writes that describes how he drove a truck into the jungle to look at some gold bars.  These events are not particularly germane to the plot, they are simply long-winded self-indulgences by the author.  Around page 500, I realized that there was very little point to these tangents and moved into skim mode when I found myself in the midst of one.  I still understood the thread of the story and I believe this illustrates how much fat there is in this book that could have been trimmed by even the most novice of editors.  Others may describe Stephenson's "perfect set-up of metaphors," "witty satire," and "poetic writing style," but this is tripe.  Stephenson's digressions are neither necessary, nor enjoyable to read.  I enjoy well-crafted and thought-provoking asides, but Stephenson's read more like Congressional filibusters.  Stephenson insults his readers by occupying entire chapters with these digressions and then capping the chapter with a short, 4-line paragraph that moves the plot along incrementally or hints at some connection to the other plot lines.  To visualize this, imagine you have a brother and that brother just won the lottery. He has called you on the phone to tell you.  Instead of leading the conversation towards the obvious subject of his winning the lottery, he instead decides to talk about his new chicken soup recipe for an hour.  As the conversation concludes, and you're getting ready to hang up the phone, your brother says, "Oh yeah, I won the lottery today."  THAT is what Stephenson does over and over again in this novel.  This is a truly frustrating writing device and it reeks of the author's hubris.  I would be willing to wager that at least 400 pages of this book is nothing but Stephenson's mental masturbation turned text.2.  The climactic conclusion is anything but and is one of the most lazy wrap-ups I've ever read.  Throughout the first third of this novel I was engrossed with the WWII side of the story, the characters were interesting, the stories seemed to be moving along towards some mysterious intersection, etc.  However, around the 1/3 point this novel comes to a standstill.  The characters meander around pursuing obscure goals, telling somewhat interesting anecdotes, but not really doing anything to keep the reader interested.  I persevered through this chunk of the book, thinking there was going to be some grand tie-in where my hard work would be rewarded.  The tie-in is extremely disappointing, it is not thought-provoking in the least, nor did it produce any kind of "Ah, I see where he was going this whole time," moment.  Stephenson painstakingly knits his stories together across timelines, but it comes together so predictably and clumsily that I was quite disappointed I had wasted my time reading that far.  Stephenson does not pause for reflection on the happenings of the novel; the conclusion is merely a bland sequence of events that can be taken completely at face value, unrewarding to say the least.3.  After setting up the characters, they all become flat and unappealing when they begin to interact.  Stephenson takes so much trouble to introduce his characters, their personalities, and their back-story through the first 300 pages of the book, and then does absolutely nothing interesting with the them as a group for the next 600 pages.  In the introductory portions of the novel, Stephenson does a great job of telling individual stories, i.e. character A did X, Y, and Z; however, he falls flat on his face when his characters start to have complex interactions beyond an introductory nature.  At no point in reading this novel did I care about any of the characters' group efforts succeeding, they might as well have been trying to build a soap-box derby car for all I cared about their ventures.  The characters interact in such a stiff manner, particularly those involved with the modern-day plot line, that I found myself hoping less and less time would be devoted to these group enterprises.  I was particularly struck by how mechanical and lame the interactions between male and female characters were throughout this novel.  The dialogue b/w characters of the opposite sex was so stilted, and the progression of the "romances" in this book so obtuse and dull, that it made me cringe to read.  I'm not asking for Danielle Steele-style romance here, nor do I really care if romances develop at all; but if you're going to bother introducing a romance as a plot device, then at least make it believable.  If I were to base my opinion of Stephenson's ability to pen a believable human relationship, romantic or otherwise, on this novel alone, I would have to say that he does not know what he's doing.  The obtuse way in which the characters relate to each other causes the relationships in this novel to come across as grossly under-developed.  I understand that this novel is all about secrets and, as such, the characters are expected to act guardedly.  However, I got the feeling that Stephenson attempted to hide his one-dimensional relationships behind this veneer of secrecy and it just didn't work for me at all.Lastly, I found Stephenson's reflection on the power of money in the modern world, and his blurry vision of what money could be in the future, to be superficial at best.  There was so much room for further exploration of this theme, but Stephenson instead decided to spend time with his oh-so-witty satirical asides.  This novel is packed to the gills w/ the author's arrogance and self-indulgence.  Check yourself Neal, you don't need to put everything that pops into your brain down on the paper.
I thought the Travel parts of this book were extremely entertaining to read. I was enjoying it up until Crichton got into the stuff about entities attached to his body and his obsession with cosmic stuff. Also the severe lack of Dinosaurs has been noted.
I'll just come out and say it, this book was terrible. Unlike the Princess Diaries, which I couldn't put down, I had to force myself to read this book. After such a long wait, I fount nothing but disappointment. Cabot tries to make Sam as likeable as Mia, but it doesn't work. Sam a weak, watered down, shadow of Mia, with a lot of black clothes to fill in the blanks. Mia could be you or a best friend. Sam is definitely the type of girl you trip in the hallway at school. She's that annoying. If you were a fan of the Princess Diaries, I'd advise waiting for the fourth volume instead of wasting money on this book.  If curiosity gets the best of you, just check it out from the library.
I was really looking forward to reading this book , thanks to the rave reviews that it has received . But what a disappointment it turned out to be . This was far from being the witty , intelligent satire on corporate America that I was expecting . In fact , it was incredibly tiresome and slightly patronising reading 250 pages of Michael Moore's almost juvenile rants and raves about all the wrongs in the world , and his deeply flawed solutions to these problems .Michael seems to live in his own little world where every problem is black and white ( no irony intended ) with absolutely no gray areas , which is rather convenient for a person looking to solve complex problems with simple solutions devoid of any detrimental consequences . He also manipulates facts and figures in exactly the same way as the allegedly corrupt politicians and businessmen that he targets in this book do . Now if his tongue was firmly in cheek I'd have no qualms about these shortcomings at all , but , considering he's got a serious agenda in promoting his political views to all and sundry I find this deeply hypocritical , and an insult to most readers intelligence .There is always a place for the investigative journalists of this world , as we really do need people to dig the dirt and inform the public on what scandals are going on , but substance , subtlety , and real truth is a far more powerful weapon than sweeping generalisations and crass solutions will ever be !
This one meandered off topic so much and for such totally non-entertaining reasons that added absolutely nothing to the story that had to set the book aside. And that ruined my goal of finishing every book I started. What a bummer because it made me hesitant to try new books in case I couldn't finish them like this one. Then what really made me mad is that I read that this writer had received several awards!! I just can't understand this at all. I suppose you could say the story kind of draws you in (two young girls murder a baby) but only for the sick instinct of people to want to look when something beyond the pale happens. I could have forgiven her for such a gruesome concept had it been tolerable to read.
The mind cannot let go of the idea that there is free will apparently due to the incredible power of the material brain to create the illusion.The alternative to free will need not be determinism. Neuroplasticity need not be something that is something other than the brain itself doing more than we understand it can do. There is no need to bring in `unexplainable forces' that are beyond the brain itself,jJust because we don't understand everything the clump of grey matter can accomplish.It does not mean everything is determined in advance, it does not absolve anyone from undesirable social behavior. There is no reason to say attention is anything other than the brain deciding that it has determined that a change in how it thinks about things is generated from anyplace else besides the brain itself. Basically, what the notion of free will does is introduce an abstraction into a physical process.The authors keep going over the same material over and over again, if I had to read one more line from William James, I thought I might go into brain lock.What he authors have done is to start with a conclusion, then force the science to fit the conclusion. It is anti-science at its finest.People are desperate to believe that they have control, if they can just try hard enough. Yes, the brain can change with attention. But that need not involve volition prior to the fact of attending.
. . . this one, no. I started it with great expectations, remembering the earlier incarnation of this &quot;world&quot; of hers. But to me, this collection just didn't measure up to what I expected of this author. That's not to say I won't read her again: I've read &quot;The Left Hand of Darkness&quot; more than once, and surely will read it again -- something new appears every time. But I can't really recommend this offering. And I'm sorry about that.
Once again, the opponents of the Clinton's purport to save America from an allegedly unparralled evil, only to come up incredibly short.Judging by the lack of research and quality writing in this book, one would have never guessed that the author is a regular commentator for Time magazine. I am unfortunately familar with her work, but this type of journalism seems better suited for high school or junior high.In fact, a suprsing amount of bile stems from Noonan's dislike of Hillary's fashion sense and her constitutional right to run for office (I am happy that she won)Really, most educated people realize these are rather childish reasons to declare somebody a threat to the nation's best interests, and I strongly suspect Noonan knows this too.Her ultimate attempt of course is to appeal to the angry and ignorant who cannot pinpoint why they dislike Hillary so much. Instead of at least attempting to explain policy differences, she knows it is easier to get people whipped up over the new political woman.
Peggy Noonan hasn't ever recovered from her prediction that Bill Clinton would lose in 1996.  The resentments that have clearly built up in her since then have resulted in this condescending, unbalanced, unintentionally-hilarious and ineptly-written diatribe against his wife.  However, it could serve as the basis for a satiric monologue about a bitter  and irrelevant woman jealous of another woman's success.
There was more detail from the British days than I was interested in. Maybe someday I will go back to it. It's still on my Kindle.
This book is not written for people who really enjoy the culinary arts.  It basically is for the bachelor who doesn't want to be bothered making anything fancier than an omelette.  Anyone with a family or anyone who has cooked extensively will be appalled by the suggestions in this book.  Honestly, if just sticking to the diet is the primary objective, just eating a simple chicken, tofu, or fish dish with the appropriate amount of green veggies and fruit is more than adequate and ten times more delicious than some of the gruesome combinations in this book.On the positive side, the book's layout is nice, especially the spiral binding which makes for easy reading while using.  Too bad, that after making one too many of the catastrophic taste concoctions, I never used it again.  Also handy are the Zone portion charts in the back of the book, but again these can be printed up in a fun format using the table function in Excel and mounted to the inside door of a cabinet for quick reference.Overall this book is totally irrelevant and a waste of cash.
I had high hopes for this book but I was disappointed, although some of the contents were interesting.  There were many reproductions of letters and articles, but many of them were too small to read, incomplete or partly covered up by something else.  It was interesting to see the letters or articles, but I would have liked to read the whole thing, rather than being able to see only some of it.  For the parts that aren't covered up, you may need a magnifying glass!  The photos were also interesting, but many of them were small, dark and in need of restoration.  I would have liked to give a better review because I'm a fan of Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Cut to the Chase:This is my least favorite Lisa Kleypas book (one of her first as a romance author and I think her first with Avon). You&#8217;ve got a hero and heroine who marry early and are attracted to one another, but also a lot of things that are just overly dramatic (for the sake of being dramatic). There&#8217;s the suspicion that our hero murdered his first wife (of course not), the horrible stepfather who&#8217;s trying to force our heroine into a marriage, and rebellious teenaged sons the hero is trying to raise&#8230; there are just too many balls to juggle, all of them a little overdone, so that the romance gets lost.Greater Detail:I love Lisa Kleypas, so I&#8217;ll keep this short&#8230; read the Comparisons section for recommendations.This book had an interesting setting: New Orleans shortly after Jefferson purchased it. There are some nice historical details and linguistical things happening throughout the book&#8230;But&#8230; there are just too many cliches (and most of them not well done): the heroine who&#8217;s super young and escapes an almost-arranged marriage agreed upon by her stepfather and a lecherous (actually kind of evil) older man&#8230;the hero who saves her when she&#8217;s ill, nursing her back to health&#8230;The romance is almost instantaneous and resolves much too quickly (they like one another almost immediately, despite the large age difference, etc), and so the romance actually is kind of fast, furious, and then kind of just there as filler/backdrop for the rest of the novel.The stepchildren (rebellious teenaged sons from the hero&#8217;s first marriage) angle was also a little creepy for me. Because there&#8217;s a 15+ year age difference between the hero and heroine (he&#8217;s mid 30s, she&#8217;s barely legal by current standards), our heroine is only a few years older than her stepsons, and when she starts to try to parent them, it&#8217;s a little hard to swallow.The actual whodunit part is fairly predictable and really, there was little to enjoy in this novel. She&#8217;s written so much better, and there&#8217;s just so much more that&#8217;s actually worthy.Comparisons to Other Authors:Lisa Kleypas is a best-selling author, and though she has focused more recently on modern romance, she is one of the queens of the historical romance genre.  Compared to Stephanie Laurens, Kleypas tends to have more individualized characters, and a better supporting cast, but less sensual/erotic love scenes.  She&#8217;s also great at exploring a particular topic or setting &#8211; some of her books happen in gambling clubs, others in the theatre, and others feature protagonists who are deeply aware of social/political issues, helping to really establish you in the setting/time period in a way that not all historical romance authors can.  She&#8217;s less funny and her characters and scenarios are less light-hearted than Julia Quinn&#8217;s, but her characters tend to have a greater degree of physical attraction/sensuality compared to Quinn&#8217;s. My favorites by her are: It Happened One Autumn (or really anything in the Wallflower series) and Mine Till Midnight (and really almost anything in the Hathaways series).
It was a fairly good book. It was very long though it took me a whole week to read it
Good god, where do I begin? This book is awful. Between reading about his boring college days, his being handed a wrestling contract because of his family, and his attempts at being funny I actually feel stupid for hanging with this travesty until the end. To make matters worse, he starts writing in character and to call it annoying would be like calling world war II a minor scuffle. If you value your time, money, and sanity, just move along.
Just another rehash of every other book she's written. One wants to get married, the other doesn't but is quite happy to make lurve at the drop of a hat in the most unusual places. Few unlikely murder attempts thrown in just to vary things a bit. Happy ending.
I bought this book along with a modern electric auto-pressure cooker.  The book had 20 pages about general pressure cooking in the front and 20 pages of charts in the back.  The rest of the book was receipts which all assumed you were using grandma's cooker requiring you to adjust the time, pressure, pressure up, pressure down, cool down, and constant attention.  I bought the electric cooker because it did all the programming for me automatically.  I just need a book to teach me when to use a pressure cooker instead of another method and what learning I need to make the changes in methods.  I returned this book for another focusing on "when to use a pressure cooker instead of another method", focusing on differences between pressure and non-pressure cooking.
This is the easiest review I've ever written.  If you hate the Clintons, you'll love this book and you'll give it 5 stars out of 5.  If you don't hate the Clintons, or if at least you don't hate Hillary Clinton, you'll  probably find this book to be a joke.The biggest joke of all is that  Peggy Noonan spent way too many years writing speeches for Ronald Reagan  and doing her level best to make him look good.  So would she be writing  about Hillary Clinton other than diatribe?She denigrates both Clintons  by whining about all the damage they've done to the country.  What I  remember is that at the end of 8 years of Reagan and 4 years of Bush (Sr.),  we were in the middle of the recession and times were pretty grim.  And  after nearly 8 years of the Clinton administration, the economy couldn't be  better, Gore hasn't philandered, yet Bush (Jr.) seems to be doing better in  the polls.  But never mind all that.  The Clintons are just the worst  imaginable people and Hillary's just as guilty of whatever as Bill.  (And  if we're not exactly sure what she did that was wrong, we can always  appoint an co-dependent persecutor to find out, because, well, she must  have done something!)I suspect the real intent of this book isn't so  much to keep Hillary from becoming a senator but to boost the right-wing,  fundamentalist and redneck vote for &quot;Anyone But Al Gore,&quot; which  candidate happens to be . . . . well, you figure it out.I find that  Peggy Noonan is about as ingenuous in her little attempt at right-wing  boosterism as, well, Linda Tripp was in her maternalistic love for Monica  Lewinsky.
Based on the high reviews of this well-known tale I decided to give "The Forever War" a download.  It has already been stated that this novel is a child of the Vietnam War era, and that definitely shows; however, to me, it's now a dated treatment.  The end result is a mostly cynical novel in which human life is clearly not valued.  I'm not saying that this can't make for a good novel; it just doesn't work for me in the actual execution.  For example, during their basic power-armor training the characters are equipped with battlesuits that have inconceivable design flaws.  Merely making the wrong movement, or touching the sensitive areas of the battlesuit to the wrong kind of surface, can (and does) result in characters being gruesomely killed.  To make matters even worse, the final hostile-environment training exercises are not only live-fire, but it is clear that the exercises are INTENTIONALLY designed to result in KIA's among the recruits.  And then, even worse than the rampant drug abuse, is the blatant sexism... hooo boy. Because basically, the female recruits are expected to service the male recruits, no strings attached of course, and no one says anything negative about this.Now keep in mind that despite what you might expect, the recruits by and large do not seem to come from disadvantaged or desperate backgrounds.  In fact they generally seemed to be well-educated, middle-class kids. It's as if Archie grew up, got hooked on sex and pot, and then for no reason got dumped into some nightmarish Starship-Trooper-esque dystopia.  What.  The.  Hell?In short, this novel required a suspension of belief quite a bit beyond what I would accept for a sci-fi story.While the author is a good writer, he's not a good storyteller.  This bleak and unhappy tale was a real downer.  1/5 stars.
This is the story of Porter Stockman (white reporter) and Lenora Page (black reporter) who rescues him during the LA riots. The romance and love scenes between the two were tepid  and I was left wondering why these two would ever come together. Lenora saw racism behind ever door and Porter was the stereotypical white apologetic liberal. The only scene I enjoyed was the one where Lenora's friends - Pauline and Cleo met Porter for the first time when they showed up unexpectedly at Lenora's place. Porter showed some backbone when Lenora gave the impression to her firends that Porter was merely a colleague rather than someone she was sleeping with. Overall I did not enjoy this book much at all.
I read this book per a recommendation from a friend and I just don't get the hype.  The first 450 pages were drawn out story of twin boys that took me 2 months to get thru because I was so uninspired by the story and wanted it to get to the point.  At pages 450 on the book gains momentum with the story of the grandfathers life, death of Thomas and everything that follows.  But even after reading all 900 pages, the book is about angry men that can't get past all the unfairness in life.  It was full of physical and emotional abuse.  The last 30 pages finally create resolution for the main character that he can move on with his life - too much turmoil and unnecessary long story to get to the final outcome.  If this book was 400 pages, my review may be different.
This book claims that girls and  women are sold images of beauty that in the worst case cause 10's of thousands  of deaths due to things like anorexia. Firstly, this is not true. The actual number is closer to one  hundred. Secondly, the basic idea makes little sense since it blames others  for the beauty myths women buy. Each of us are every day subject to  salesman who would sell us everything conceivable until our last penny and  then some was exhausted.But this doesn't happen.Even if it did it would say  more about women than it would say  about  salesman.  And,  if  women buy  stuff  Ms. Wolf doesn't like because they want to be as pretty as Ms.  Wolf(she is georgous)  why should she object anyway?  Let her be ugly, or  average, or at least hide her beauty, before she writes such a book!  In  fact women try to be beautiful to attract men. It is what biology  intended. Men become doctors lift weights and do all sorts of silly and  practical things to attract women too;again as biology intended. Since we  can't overcome biology anymore than we can overcome,say,  hunger why not  seek harmony rather than conflict. Many books take a broader and more  intelliectual  look at beauty than  Ms. Wolf's purely political tract. Try  &quot;The Descent of Woman&quot; by Morgan or &quot;The 91% Factor:Why  Women Initiate 91% Of Divorce&quot; for a non-partisan look at why biology  really created beauty.
The title was the best part of this book.  Not worth purchasing - if you MUST read it check it out from the library or borrow it. Don't ask me for it - mine is headed for Goodwill because I can not stand to burn or trash a book. It was awful and vulgar.  Very disappointed. I hope someone else writes the book to fit the title.  Unfortunately I bought two books by the author and was disappointed with BOTH!
I wanted to really like this book. I really did, given the high number of positive reviews. I bought the audio version of the book to listen to.  After listening to it for 30 minutes, I stopped. I wasn't learning anything. It was a bore to listen to and felt like someone was dragging me bare-chested across cement. After the first 5 minutes I told myself, &#34;Okay give it another 10 minutes mayble it'll be better.&#34; Nope. It didn't get bettery.The book is too flowery in writing. The writing is dry and the he takes forever to make one point. Unlike Snyder's book, Mckee's Story was painful to listen to to.  Snyder was engaging and I've read his books over and over again. Mckee's was a bore and too academic. Just say what you gotta' say, don't beat around the bush!
Several weeks ago, I created a list for Amazon on the best and worst of Michael Moore. He's done some great work and I agree with him most of the time, but this book is just poorly written.Moore starts off by raising some excellent points with a great critique of W.'s administration. What ruined the book for me was when he started reminding men to lift up the toilet seats and not use the bar of soap to get themselves "extra clean." Those lines are for second-rate comics, not social commentators with Moore's great satirical skills.The shame of it is that Moore has done some excellent work - "The Awful Truth," "TV Nation," "Roger and Me," and (up until the end when he sells out his thesis for good cinema) "Bowling for Columbine." His lesser work, however, makes it harder to defend him when arguing with his detractors. It also makes it look like he's cashing in (in some parts it seems as if he wrote "Stupid White Men" in about a week).Interestingly enough, as I was about to write this review, I came across this quote from the Dec. 30, 2003 issue of The Economist:By contrast, Mr Moore's satiric skills seem to have decreased in direct proportion to his fame: the wit of "Roger & Me", which skewered General Motors, has given way to "Woo Hoo! I Got Me a Tax Cut!"The corollary, which bears mentioning, is that his skills have decreased in direct proportion to the size of his target. When attacking corporations, his work was excellent. As he started taking on America at large, however, he has lost credibility. I feel he needs an editor; someone to rein him in and tell him when he needs more evidence or his thoughts just don't make sense.That being said, I haven't - and won't - read "Dude, Where's My Country." Most of the reviews I've read about it describe it as self-aggrandizing with bumper sticker solutions to America's problems. Based on "Stupid White Men," that doesn't surprise me.In sum, the beginning of this work is worth reading, but you could put it down after the first 50 pages or so and miss nothing. Much as conservatives will rip my review for saying that I agree with most of Moore's ideas, Moore fans will probably slam my review for not giving this book a glowing review. But I bet they realize his books fail to live up to his TV programs ad movies - especially this one.
I consider myself a "wordie" - love to hear about interesting word origins and the like - and so was very happy to see this book at the used book store.  After reading it, however, it is going back to the used book store.  Parts of it were okay, but nothing was especially earth-shattering about it.  And, most unfortunately, so many of the entries were expressions that only my grandfather remembers anymore that it was more or less irrelevant to me.  I suppose there's a quirk factor to the book, and perhaps it would be useful for someone wanting to write a book set in the 40's or 50's, but there are many better books to buy if words are your thing.
The english version comes in a board book that is 5X3 around size.  The spanish one is 11X7!!!  No board book and REALLY BIG!  I am so upset.  I was sending this to a child we sponsor in Nicaragua and they wont allow a package that long, so now we have a book that he should have JUST because this author didnt make it smaller in spanish.  GRRRR.  The english version is FANTASTIC, the spanish one is too big for a toddler.
The book has no plotline. The hero and heroine just decided to have sex with each other. It is a sex manual through and through and a boring one at that.I like to read a "romance" novel, not a "sex" novel. I like to see how the couple fall in love with each other, their feelings and emotions. This book sorely lacks that. It is about a couple who like to have sex with each other. I never found out why they love each other.The heroine's attitude about having a child out of wedlock was inappropriate for the time period. Her attitude was not even acceptable 50 years ago, much less 150 years. She did not think about how her actions would effect her child - who would be taunted all his/her life. Portia is a selfish, idiotic twit.It is one thing to be unconventional (i.e. Honoratia in Devil's Bride wanted to travel instead of get married). It is quite another to be idiotic or stupid and that is what the heroine is.This is the second Stephanie Laurens book that I read. I borrowed 2 more from the library but I think I will return them unread.Note: Reviews are feedback to an author's work. They are not just adulations and admirations for his or her work. Any author can always stand to learn from mistakes.
Elizabeth Lowell is a good author, but she's really bad about re-issues.  I've been tricked by her books before.  I don't know if this is her publisher's doing or her own, but it makes me think twice and twice again before I buy anything with her name on it.  She's been writing for a long time--I can't always tell from the synopsis if the book is new or not.  Her re-issues or new releases ought to be clearly labeled as such (I think Nora Roberts does this now.)  You have to open this book and look at the small print to discover she previously published this as "The Ruby" under Ann Maxwell.  I don't know what the rationale behind this was, but it's hard to imagine it was done in good faith.
I'd like to give this book a decent review but that would be impossible because I didn't understand half of it.  The dwarves were some sort of rock people that had to come to life. I didn't understand this were they rocks or people how does that work.  There was a plot with the father that really seemed to drag along.  The author took 300 pages to tell a story that could have been told in 50 pages. The author tried to stick historical characters in there but I don't know why, and I didn't know who the Borgias were until I looked it up.  All together this book was very weird.  It was a good idea but was poorly executed.
I started reading the first chapter, and was put off reading the rest by the written language.  It just feels like 'teenage boy' to me.  I know that is a strange thing to say, but that was the feeling I got when I was reading.
Noonans Reaganite hate of the Clintons spews forth from the pages of this book.  Based on a few facts and lots of rumours and accusations this book would be considered libelous in many villages of the world.  Why this group  HATES continues to puzzle me.  We can find &quot;lies&quot; from every  politicien from Caeser to Clinton... in fact today's newsbite political  arena almost demands it.This book will sell a few copies to the right wing  and to a few 'open minded' types... but it offers no real information.  You'd be better off to do your own research...  Peggy Noonan can write, but  she can't remove the personal venom based on her love of RR.
'According to a review of the literature (Cheuvront, 2003), the Zone diet presents scientific contradictions "that cast unquestionable doubt on its potential efficacy"ReferenceCheuvront, S.N. (2003). The Zone Diet Phenomenon: A closer look at the science behind the claims. Journal of the American College of Nutrition, 22 (1), 9-17.
I tried, really I did.  I've read every Johanna Lindsey at least twice if not more, even this one...I think I've given it three chances.  Yes, it does seem to grow on me after such a time BUT I still find it incredibly absurd.  Granted, most of Lindseys are...and I love so many...but this one really does take the cake for being quite unbelievable.  I just found the whole concept of her tying him up to 'have her way with him' and him gaining revenge in the same manner ridiculous.  Not Johanna's best.
This book is informative introductary wise , however to me it is to much of a hassel to follow, you'd have to be like a robot to keep up with this information; I say to just maintain a healthy lifestyle and there won't be a need for this book; It's a good this i didn't pay much for it.
My son is in the fourth grade and loves to write so this seemed like a natural purchase for him.  Sadly, I'm not even going to bother passing it along.I should mention that I loved Sarah Plain and Tall.  The author's slow, poetic voice suited that era very well, it just isn't working here.  The characters don't sound like real children at all.  For example, at one point, in the course of normal conversation with his friends, a nine-year-old boy character says, "And soon words will float out of his mouth like clouds."  They write and speak like this throughout.It was almost like she was writing kids as she wishes they were rather than as they actually are.  I suppose this book might appeal to a thoughtful adult writer, but I think it would be a rare child who would be interested.
I picked up this book because I really liked Wally Lamb's other books. This one, however, I did not enjoy. There were far too many subplots in it, the characters were not sympathetic at all, especially considering the main story of the Columbine school shooting. At the beginning of the book, I thought that Lamb was telling Maureen's story after surviving the massacre, but then it somehow ended up being Caelum's story by the middle of the book. It was far too long and chaotic and I forced myself to finish it.I won't be running out to buy the next Wally Lamb book.
Having just read and enjoyed Bread Alone, which was high quality chick lit, I was eager to try another of Judith Hendrick's books. Isabel's Daughter was not at all what I expected. Rather than an uplifting tale of a woman's struggle to regain footing in her life (i.e. Bread Alone), Isabel's Daughter is a tough tale about a woman's hard life from foundling to adulthood. That was the first thing that I didn't like about it.The second thing I didn't like about it was that after working for years in foster care and adoption, I do not enjoy reading books that take place in those settings, and this one was full of the grimmest of stereotypes - the mostly uncaring orphanage staff, the isolated, religiously zealot foster family, etc. Sadly, the basic premise of the book - unloved foundling struggling to find her way - is based on a series of falsehoods. The US does not have "orphanages." They're called group homes, group foster care, or residential treatment centers, depending on the level of structure needed for the children who live there. Infants don't languish in "orphanages." There are waiting list of eager, pre-approved adoptive families praying with all their might for the blessing of a child. Quite frankly, the healthy white infant with no siblings is the most desired child of all. Avery would have been found in the basement, placed immediately with a certified foster family, and adopted promptly.)Despite these important inaccuracies, I'm not saying that the book wasn't well written; I'm more saying that I was hoping for a bowl of ice cream and got a big bite of beef jerky...that had been dropped on the ground first.
I couldn't wait to read this book - and I should have.  Anna Maxted is a truly talented writer who, with Natalie, has created one of the most unsympathetic characters I've spent time with recently.  If you're prepared to wallow along with Natalie in self-loathing and self-doubt, this is the book for you; we spend page after page watching Natalie's unrelieved downward spiral.  Getting Over It was delightful because Helen's hapless foibles were like our own, but Running In Heels was a well-written bummer.
Couldn't finish it: characters just weren't like-able or deep. Plot and dialogue were abrupt and trite.
This novel is horrible. Terribly written, cliched, and shamelessly packed with pointless filler. Don't waste your money on this thing.
We bought this box set and I decided to read them before giving them to my 8-year-old. Yes, I'm aware that the premise of these books is that bad things happen to these kids, and no, I was not looking for any happy endings. I don't like sickeningly sweet stories. There must be conflict if there's to be anything interesting happening at all.But geez. Unfortunate events? Why not title them "One Crappy Thing Happens After Another"? There is no valuable lesson here to be learned. Sure, life isn't fair. But reading these books doesn't make you say "Well, these poor orphans, there's this guy always trying to kill them and steal their money, and they'll likely never have a home or anyone to love them and care for them ever again. Still, you'll have that now and then, won't you? Great story, isn't it, kids?"You don't want a life lesson? Okay, fair enough. Let's talk about reading a story just for the fun of it. Wait a minute, we can't do that either, because this is no fun at all. I enjoy a good tragedy as much as the next person (being a big fan of Shakespeare and all), but this doesn't have any redeeming quality to its string of tragedies. It's just senseless, awful stuff that just keeps coming.What really, really irritates me is this banker guy that's supposed to be watching over them as he shuttles them from useless guardian to useless guardian. He never believes them when they tell him they need help. Is that really what you want to have kids reading? That adults will either ignore you or try to destroy you? I remember being a kid, and if I felt ignored, it was the worst feeling ever. Kids yearn to be taken seriously, for adults to value their opinions. They want to be treated like fellow human beings by adults. All that happens to these three kids is that they get placed in mortal peril by a clueless adult who doesn't give a crap what they say, no matter what, despite his professions of affection for them. It's nonsense.I guess I missed the boat on the appeal of these books. The author is talented, and his dry wit comes through now and again; it's a shame it's wasted on these stories. I'm sure I'll get a score of "0 of 2,858 people found this review useful," not because the review is useful or not, but because they don't like what I say. Hm. Well, that's unfortunate, very sad, but you didn't really expect a happy ending to this review, did you?
The tale of Avery James' search for her mother begins beautifully with: "The first time I saw my mother was the night she died. The second time was at a party in Santa Fe." From that moment on you are captivated. Indeed the first part of the book, in which Avery accidentally discovers a portrait of a woman who is her spitting image, is very appealing. However, before Avery can discover the truth about her mother, Hendricks whisks us away into Avery's past. She spends the next third of the book describing Avery's abandonment in the furnace room of a home for foundlings, her unhappy childhood, her even unhappier youth. It is not until the last third of the book that Avery returns to the "present" and solves the mystery of her mother's life - and untimely death.The main problem with this book is that it doesn't live up to the promise of its first lines. Isabel's Daughter is supposed to be the story of the emotional transformation of a young woman. However, Avery simply remains angry throughout the book. At first she's an angry child who doesn't fit in; then she's an angry teenager who gets into fights; then she's an angry young woman whose fear of abandonment leads her to reject the ones she most loves. Frankly, the theme is overplayed. Avery doesn't show enough variety of emotion to make her a believable or sympathetic character. She simply comes across as irritating, in the manner of a temperamental teen. At the end of the book when Avery supposedly has her emotional epiphany, there is no basis for it. Consequently, the sudden transformation falls flat.The other theme which Hendricks doesn't pull off is Avery's obsession with her mother. In the last few pages Avery states that she has wondered about her mother every day of her life. Yet, throughout the book, Avery gives her mother scarcely a thought. We can assume she was angry over being abandoned, but it is too much of a stretch to imagine Avery has actually spent her life searching for her mother when there is no evidence for it. In fact, quite the opposite. When she finally discovers who her mother was (the beautiful artist Isabel) she does not show the slightest bit of curiosity. She does not call the man who was her fiance, even though he gives her his number,in fact she does not ask a single question about her mother until page 263.At that point in the book, the story fizzles completely. The old lady with whom Avery's enigmatic mother once lived says that Isabel was killed by the man who loved her. That intriguing revelation should have led to something - anything. But, like much of the rest of the story, it went nowhere. The "mystery" is never resolved in a satisfactory manner. Nor was the relationship between Isabel's former lover, the handsome Paul DeGraf, and Avery, Isabel's look-alike daughter. That plot line simply screamed "Rebecca" or some such twisted, strange, moody affair, but it remained as uneventful and monochromatic as the rest of the story. Like all of the other relationships Avery gets into, it is resolved by her throwing an almost stereotypical adolescent temper tantrum.There are numerous logical inconsistencies in the book which also serve to muddy the waters. Avery's mother is stunning and Avery's resemblance to her is said to be "amazing." Yet, Avery is not stunning, at least there is no mention of it, and whereas some people are shocked at the "amazing" resemblance, others don't seem to notice it at all. Avery understands Spanish, at times. But needs it explained to her at other times. She has been taught to cook Southwestern style, but pulls off a French dinner for twelve on the basis of reading a Julia Child cookbook. (Anyone who has attempted same, can attest to the fact that Julia will not turn you into a French chef overnight.) Avery is supposed to have the "gift of sight" (inherited through three generations of curanderas), but very little is made of it, certainly not enough to be convincing.The logical inconsistencies, the flatness of the characters, and the general muddiness of the plot make for a very choppy storyline. Worst of all, Hendricks completely misses moments which are supposed to be dramatic high points - Avery's discovery of her mother's identity, Avery's "grand entrance" (wearing her mother's dress) during a party held by Paul DeGraf, Avery's confrontation with the only man she has truly loved (or was supposed to have loved). Although the flow of the writing is very smooth, the events feel completely contrived. The end, in which everything works out in a thoroughly predictable fashion, is simply dull.
Monster is about an adolescent named Steve Harmon, who is on trial for murder. The main character is Steve Harmon, Briggs (lawyer), and Bobo (criminal). Steve got in trouble for being a look-out for some friends who committed a murder.I would recommend this book to a 13 teen year old because it was recommended to me. Also, when you are 13, you are bad and misbehave. Maybe this book will straighten you out.
As her other novel, &#34;Faith&#34;, was fantastic I was very disappointed in this offering.  I found the story boring and disjointed; it left one character as if falling off a cliff, and started another with the same result, and so on.  Did not finish after reading 42%.  Had to leave it for a day, and could not bring myself to go back to it.
The illustrations in this book are beautiful, but the story is not very good.  The "story" seems like it was written simply to figure out a way to include illustrations of snowmen and a Santa figure.  It lacks the rhyming and cadence found in the original Rolie Polie Olie book and Sleepy Time Olie.  If you're looking for a book about the wonder of winter, this is not it.
This is not science fiction. It should not be considered science-fiction. This is a military novel with political commentary. While it seems to be a decent read to get a perspective on experience of returning Vietnam vets, the transition to sci-fi is plain bad. The story reads as a diary of a high-school kid with raging hormones drafted into war. The characters are surprisingly one-dimensional. Main character's love interest has no background story, no personality, no description. Other than the fact that they once were in same battle and both survived, they have nothing in common. The battles are silly and as a reader I wasn't drawn into either individual battles or the whole war. I simply didn't give a damn. The Earth described by the author, was not worth fighting for. Enemies weren't given any description till the last chapter, and frankly I kept hoping that they'd just kick human ass and fix stuff up.The only remotely interesting thing that warranted a second star, was the relativistic travel idea and how time dilation impacts individual experience. A lot of books explore on that idea in a much better way. Forever War has over a thousand years passing on Earth (with humans evolving into new species) while only a few years pass for the soldiers. This looks like an interesting idea, but in reality it's nonsense as operations and support for such a war are impossible (you can't issue orders to soldiers that may not get them for hundreds of years, and you can't supply provisions and ammunition when they'll be hundreds of years obsolete by the time they are used).Overall this was a mess. Hard to read, harder to enjoy. Going nowhere...If you want sci-fi with focus on military, save your money (and more importantly time), and read other great novels like Card's Enders Game or even Peter Hamilton's Pandora's Star. If you want to read about humanity evolution over large time frames, Asimov's Foundation series or Card's Worthing Saga are both great.If you want to read a boring pseudo-military sci-fi, with constant orgies, a forever war that has longest serving soldier seeing less than 3-4 battles and a commentary on dumbest methods of population control ever invented (apparently pills, condoms and vasectomies are too complex for humanity, so government-mandated homo-sexuality is the way to go) than Forever War is a book for you.One last thing. The book has an introduction by John Scalzi praising Haldeman's work. I'd say that John Scalzi's "Old Mans War" was a much better read, with more believable characters who you really care about. Pick that up instead.
So I bought this book in the airport? Because I had liked Wally Lamb's other books okay? But two weeks later and I am still stuck here with 400 pages to go? You know? Like I can't believe this thing is for real? It's way too long and all the characters end their declarative sentences with question marks? And this is supremely annoying? This book tries to do way too much? And almost none of it works?What a mess.
I really ADORE this authors earlier books( Devil's Bride, Rakes Vows, A Secret Love, etc)... with that said, what in the world is going on with her lately....It usually takes me 2-3 days max to finish any romance novel, a good one only takes me a day... THIS particular book took me 2 weeks.... and I had to force myself to keep reading.  I wont go into details, since I see 60+ people have already gone through it...if you were unfortunate enough to have bought it, prepare yourself to see two people who seems to have no chemistry trying to have a lot of emotion-less sex, secondary characters that seem more interesting then the main characters... who just goes off to have more boring sex...OK, kissing scenes that takes 3-4 pages every 5 pages gets very dull after awhile...Where was the plot?  The romance?!  What kind of book is this? Oh my Lord, the mindless rambling that went on and on... then you see some sex scenes that you really didn't feel drawn to as a reader because these two just did NOT have " IT "... the emotional connection, the "something" you want to see in a romance book...DULL DULL DULL.. *sad*
A haunting mythic story of a man whose dreams can create an alternate reality. He struggles with a over-ambitious medical researcher over control of his brain, to remain in touch with the woman he loves, even across his alternate universes, receiving advice from aliens to keep in touch with his inner self, and ultimately struggles to learn how to use his power for good. A classic science-fiction story which appeals to utopian ideals.
That should have been the name of the book as it was quite boring. Pissed that they are making me do over my previous review. I guess the thought I was to harsh or something. i already paid for this shit, punished more by reading it and punished some more by reviewing it.
One of the worst chick-lit stories I've read in a while.  Natalie, the main character, is incredibly messed up with food issues and anxiety about being left behind.  You find yourself working through her issues with her and not understanding where she is coming from.  It seems like she is developed in such a poor manner that you don't even understand what her deal is.  I would not recommend anyone reading this.
I get the whole analogy to Vietnam but the author tries so hard to score points he forgets to write an entertaining story.  Moreover, IMO, the dated material is too distracting to ignore. It may have been groundbreaking in 1975, and for that it deserves recognition, but it's too dated and dull to recommend.
Best novel of 1976? Must have been a bad year. One of the worst books I have read in a long time. That's what I get for believing the hype.
I hate it and it was terrible so I really hates it so good luck trying to read this book
Moore seems bent on making broad generalizations about large segments of the American public, particularly if they're the conservative, church-going type.  I did gain a few grains of grudging respect for him: he's an eagle scout and believes in getting involved instead of just complaining.  The book is funny in parts, but mostly derisive humor, which is annoying from the left and right.  And don't buy the line that this book isn't liberal and hard core left.  When Moore is criticizing Clinton et al, it's for not being a true lefty.  Interesting book, but I wouldn't use it as a solid argument for the left.
I was excited when I bought Edith Layton's latest historical "To Tempt a Bride," but after finishing it I can't help but wonder where the "tempting" comes in? Eric Ford has apparently been in love with Camille, his friend's sister, for a long time; but his struggles with malaria and the ten year age difference over her, stop him from showing Camille his feelings for her. Ok, that sounds like a romance, but the problem with this book was the lack of chemistry between the protagonists. If Eric is in love, and Camille feels the same, I expected love scenes, longing, or something to indicate how they felt. There was none of that, and the fact that I had to wait until almost the end for a sex scene did not help matters. The story seems more about the relationship Camille develops with the mysterious Nell, than a romance. If you like tepid regencies, "To Tempt a Bride" is for you, but if you are looking for a good romance, skip this one.
A recent news article:"A while ago, (Michael Moore) was challenged by CNN about 'glaring inaccuracies' in STUPID WHITE MEN.  'This is a book of political humor.  So, I mean, I don't respond to that sort of stuff, you know...How can there be inaccuracy in comedy?'"There can be inaccuracy in "comedy" when you try to pass it off as fact, and Moore has a made a career of doing that--not to mention a grotesque amount of cash.  Every time I've seen a microphone in this guy's face--and he runs to them--HE forgets that he's a comedian and reveals his deep, seething hatred for George W. Bush.I've flipped through a couple of Moore's books as well as the rantings of Al Franken and couldn't believe that anyone could find it funny.  If they could just be a little more obnoxious, shrill and arrogant, they might actually become hilarious caricatures of frothing psychotics.  Instead, they just sound like very bitter, unhappy know-it-alls.The only funny thing about either one of them is that, when they start taking any heat for their bile, they run for cover by insisting, "It's just comedy!"Now that's funny.
I love military sci-fi. This one, however, left much to be desired.The story line was sloppy & loose. The time travel portion was totally unbelievable.
My son is 5 and loves cars, trucks, trains, tractors, you name it. He brought this book home from the library at school. This is definitely the most god-awful children's book I've ever read ~ and we read a lot. It's horribly written, does not flow well, and the illustration is dark and rather scary. I would never recommend this book to anyone. Honestly I'm shocked to find that this book has been so highly rated, because I truly fail to see why.
With all of the autobiographies of various WWF wrestlers in the last few years, Mick Foley, Chyna, The Rock, etc, this book is definately a waste of money.....This book was written by Kurt's editor's.  Mick's book was definately written by him, and it shows.  DON'T buy this book, you will regret it.
Riding on the wave of Stephenson's awe-inspiring sci-fi powerhouse Snow Crash, I immedietely jumped into this book with the same enthusiasm as other great followers to the tune of Ringworld Engineers (Niven), Ender's  Shadow (Card) and The Return of the King (Tolkein).Does anyone have any  water?  Can someone please put this fire out?I was surprised it was such  an upset because I remember one of my friends telling me that he liked it  so much, he read it in 3 days.  It took me 3 months!  Stephenson goes  absolutely nowhere in developing his plot for the length of the entire book  (&gt;900 pages!).Our protagonist, Randy Waterhouse, is nothing but a  wimpy computer geek that can't make up his own mind and relies on his boss  to think for him.  His grandfather, in a separate storyline, is likewise a  mathematical wimp/genius whose experiences regulary gave me a swift night's  sleep.  Then there's Bobby Shaftoe, in yet a third storyline, who was  probably the reason that I had the nerve to finish the book.Reading  Shaftoe's experience as a soldier in WWII was by far the best part of this  novel.  His relationship with Goto Dengo, secret missions and climatic end  retained just enough entertainment value to get me to page 913.  If it  weren't for him, this would be the second book I would have ever put down  in disgust (the first was the Legacy of Heorot).Of course, then there's  the fact that Stephenson doesn't know how to end a book.  When there are  separate storylines, you generally expect the author to tie them together  at some point.  Although I'll admit the storylines had vague relationships,  none of them were direct enough.When this book ended, I threw it  across the room in complete disgust.  I'm only glad I read it so that I can  warn readers like yourself before you consider investing the time necessary  to finish this disaster of a novel.  What a waste of time...rating: 1  star
I haven't been able to finish this book.  By chapter 8 I couldn't believe what the heroine was going to do and by chapter 19 I had to stop reading the book...I'm not sure I'll be able to finish it.  I don't understand how people find this book to be "Johanna Lindsey's best".  Personally I don't see how rape between the hero and heroine can be romantic...there is nothing romantic about this book so far, and personally I don't know how it will turn out to be romantic in the end.  If I had to rate Johanna Lindsey by this single book alone, I simply would convince anyone who reads her to stop.
As usual, I was impressed with Dr. Sears' commentary on his Zone diet, but I was fairly disappointed with the recipes in this book. I was happy I bought it used because I never really open it. The only thing I actually use from the book is the list of mix-and-match snacks at the very end. The recipes are horribly complicated, time-consuming and call for ingredients you probably wouldn't normally have in your kitchen. I have yet to actually make a meal from this book because I simply do not have the time. I'm sure that if I did, it would taste wonderful, but because the title of the book "Meals in Minutes" is so far from the truth, I'm giving it a 2 out of 5. If you're thinking about purchasing this book, go with a used edition, and keep in mind that you won't be getting quick and easy meals ... but rather gourmet meals that will take about an hour to prepare and make.
In hindsight, I should have been wary about this book. Even when my kids are having off days, I don't call them "Brats." A lot of the responses to questions asked by people are curt and sometimes, I felt, harsh.Another question I wondered while reading this book is "If the author is so stable and had such a fabulous family, why did she seek out a shrink to begin with?" The fact that the shrink has ties to Freud is also a big caution sign to me.If you want a book on how to deal with kids and their crazy days, I recommend Supernanny. Although I never watched any of the Suppernanny shows, I found that book enlightening and helpful and motivational as opposed to the critical and harsh tone of this book.Some of the authors anecdotes were entertaining, but I struggled through the rest of the book.
This was one of the most hard-to-get-into books I ever put down. It's just not my cup of tea. Sorry.
Let me start by saying I read books for character; if I don't like the characters, it's a good bet I won't like the book.  For me, this book didn't have a single character about whom I could care.  There's the lawyer who is cheating on his wife and family, there is the protagonist lawyer who is having an affair with his "best friend's" mistress.  That alone was enough to make me stop reading.  If that doesn't bother you, the plot was decent enough, although slow and, at points very repetitive.  The only reason I ranked this higher than NR was because, to be fair, others in our Mystery Group rated this book Good to Very Good.  While they agreed they didn't like any of the characters and found some things improbable, they felt the characters and plot were well done.  But for me, I kept thinking how many other, better books with more interesting characters I had waiting to be read.
I only bought this book because I loved Lamb's previous novels.  This book was a huge dissappointment.  It started well with Caelum & Maureen's intertwining relationship and the effects of tragedy (Columbine) had on their lives.  It wasnt until Lamb decided to try to write a different story entirely with Caelum's family history that I started getting angry that at some level I was curious what would happen to Caelum but also mad that I had to wade through hundreds of pages of boring drivel.  Drivel that included characters that werent well developed and didnt really provide much to the story, Lamb's politics (I dont care), and the fact that Caelum did not end his quest with any sort of revelation or epiphany about life or any real conclusion but came out to be a fairly pathetic and sad character that didnt make much change or progress throughout the course of the book.  Maureen had more potential has a character who could change and be triumphant over her tragic life but instead (spoiler) Lamb leaves Maureen's character to the wayside and pursues Quirk family history instead then simply disposes of her entirely in the next to last chapter with a swish of his pen leaving you angrier that nothing comes of her character.  Lamb's remarks at the end of the book that it took him 9 years to write this book make since as he just seemed to not know what to write and put a lot of drivel down on paper and some idiot publisher actually published it.  Lamb started with a great book and then lost his voice.  I'll be very wary of any future endeavors by Mr. Lamb.
Absolutely loved his two earlier novels, but not this time.  Like Donna Tartt, he decided he had to write the great American novel following two excellent but less ambitious works.  His novels WERE great when he stuck to finite subjects, characters, etc., but not this meandering book full of fake history. Too bad some authors just kind of dwindle, because now I don't really feel the need to read the latest one.  Also, it's a wonderful thing he did teaching writing in that women's prison, but he let entirely too much of that pervade this novel without justification.
Louis, a trumpeter swan, is born without the ability to trumpet. His parents are very worried about the life of a trumpeter swan without a voice. But Louis meets a young boy named Sam though whom he learns to read. Louis' father then steals a trumpet for him. Louis then must make an effort to repay his father's debt to society. Can a trumpeter swan make do with a human trumpet and find love?Fits well in the Citizenship pillar of character counts.
After reading the novel Getting over it, I was excited to find Running in Heels! I loved Anna Maxted's first novel and couldn't wait to read Running in Heels. Unfortunately, my expectations were very high. Although both novels were brilliantly written, the subject matter of Running in Heels is most distressing. A quarter of the the way through the book it's revealed that the main character is losing control and has become anorexic. From that point on there was much discussion of her disease by her friends and family &amp; how she was chosing to deal with it (denial). I thought I was getting a light novel about a 20something trying to make it in the world, but I got a novel about an anorexic coping &amp; there was no forewarning. It was sad not comical and I wish I hadn't started the book. I did finish it, only to find out if she would get well or not, but I wanted to warn others who might think this book is about an ordinary girl.
I was so pleasantly surprised by Ms. Maxted last novel that I couldn't wait to get my hands on this one. I need not have been so excited as this attempt was a true disappointment. The book started with a comedic bang, but just plunged downhill from there. Touted as a story about Natalie and Babs, best friends since childhood it was really just the story of poor mealy-mouthed Natalie who never ever learned to stand up or speak out for herself well into her twenties. All this internalizing (much of it stemming from her parents divorce when she was a teen) causes twenty-something Natalie to loose her job, break up with her dullard boyfriend, take up with a new &quot;bad boy&quot; boyfriend, &quot;accidentally&quot; become anorexic (which was the hardest pill to swallow in this book) and through what I imagine are supposed to be madcap misadventures, loose her best friend Babs. Oh no, but don't worry about Natalie! You see after attending just 2 pilates classes everything becomes clear and her life is changed. She chucks her career as a publicst in order to learn to teach the all powerful life changing pilates, mends fences with everyone from her mother and father to her best friend and ex-boyfriend, gains some weight, takes an extended trip to Australia and wouldn't you know it, she gets the good guy in the end? Isn't it nice how it all comes into one cute little package like that at the end? Too bad this is entirely too far fetched to have one shred of credibility. An accidental anorexic? Two hours of pilates changing your entire life? Get real and give me a break. I think Ms. Maxted bit off far more than she could chew with this one. Better luck next time.
I was doubly excited in purchasing this book - because of its early positive reviews and because it was the first book I was going to read on my new Kindle.  I'm still excited about the Kindle, but deeply disappointed in Mr. Lamb's book.  I was enticed by the reviews that suggested this would be a novel exploring a couple's struggles coping with the horrors of the Columbine shooting.  I am a high school teacher myself, and I had hoped to better understand this tragedy through Mr. Lamb's characters.  Unfortunately, only about 1/4 of his book deals with this topic.  The rest of the time he meanders through Civil War era family histories, the Cocoanut Grove fire of the 1940's, Hurricane Katrina, the War in Iraq, a murder/abduction mystery, ad nauseum...all narrated from the perspective of a main character who is one of the most unsympathetic, self-centered, whiny characters I've ever had to suffer with.  None of this is tied together in any comprehensible fashion to me.  Shortly after Chapter 8, I began skipping entire chapters, hoping to find something redeeming in the rest of the book.  How in the world any other reviewer can call this a "great American classic" is beyond me!  I don't normally write so strongly about a book - but I expected much better than this.
Stahl is a good writer.  Perv was uproarious and brilliant.  Pain Killers, well, I just didn't get it.  I've come to terms with the fact that I just don't get gonzo satire.  Pain Killers didn't do it for me.
I've been a romance reader for over 20 years, but this is possibly one of the most unromantic novels that I have ever read.  To be sure, it's over 400 pages long, and there are sex scenes aplenty, but the plot and the relationship between the two main characters left me empty.The heroine, 24-year old Portia Ashford, has decided that she wants to embark on a relationship and experience what goes on between men and women before she decides whether she wants to marry or not.  She decides to have a 'relationship' with Simon Cynster.  The 'love' scenes that follow are plentiful and described to such excruciating detail that they become routine and rather boring.  While Ms. Laurens is very good with descriptions, it rapidly becomes overkill when each touch and look is described to such detail.  It's as if Ms. Laurens took out a thesaurus and used three synonyms for every word that she used.  I did not actually read this book, but listened to it on CD, and I must admit that my mind started wandering during some of the love scenes, and I was only half-listening to the story being read.I have also mentioned that the love story left me empty.  Although the two characters have known each other since childhood, I could find nothing in their relationship other than the physical aspects of it, that made me understand why they fell in love.  Maybe this is because I didn't find the two main characters too appealing to begin with.  Portia spends a lot of time going on walks to think about her relationship with Simon, but never seems to come to any conclusions.  In fact, for all the time she spends thinking, she falls into his arms at every opportunity with hardly any thought to possible repercussions of their relationship.  Her attitudes (not being concerned about having a child out of wedlock, for example) are decidedly at odds with the attitudes of young women at that time.  Simon is a little better, and at least realizes that he wants to marry Portia early on.  I wasn't rooting for them to come together, indeed felt apathy for all of the characters in the book.Along with its lack of romance, the story was slow-paced.  A murder mystery towards the middle of the book piqued my interest for awhile, but in general the storyline was plodding, wordy, and uninspiring.I have only read some of Ms. Laurens' books, mainly the first ones that she wrote several years ago.  This is not one that I can recommend.
There are adventures throughout the world.  If you can write well, you can share those adventures with others.Michael Crichton can write well (with the clear exception of State of Fear), and he shares his adventures, his "travels."  These travels are his travels through medical school, in search of adventure in out-of-the-way places, and his search for "the power of the mind" [my words, not his].Two sections bother me a lot.  One is his search for that "power of the mind"... for example, bending spoons with the power of thought.  Although he keeps claiming that his science background keeps him on the straight and narrow, after bending his own spoon he says "great!  No need to search for any explanation."  The travel analogy would be, what?  You suddenly appear in China, and the path to get there is not important.Strike one.As Crichton hangs around with "friends" interested in pursuing sex with children in Thailand, he states he is not interested, but "boys will be boys" [again, my words].Strike two.And I'm sorry... State of Fear?Strike three.Michael Crichton, you are out!
I bought it on your recommendation when I was buying Janet Evanovich books, and was severely disappointed.  The cast of characters was limited, the plot was dreary, the dialogue pathetic.  It may belong in the mystery classification, but there wasn't much mystery!  It was difficult to read, with the speaker changing often without notice, and altogether too confusing!
Not enough pictures - more wording than pictures.  Need more pictures to get ideas from.  Pictures that were there were of her decorating, in the process of decorating.  Not what I wanted to see!
Horwitz and his buddy Roger had themselves a grand time visiting all the Cook locations.  In that you have a fun read about two mates enjoying life on the road.  However with the notion that the book was about Cook, the strong start by Horwitz became quickly disappointing.  A strong miss by Horwitz is being ambiguous about his own feelings about Cook, especially as Horwitz's view may have been modified by the travel.There is the sense that Horwitz was writing a series of travel stories into which he wanted to interject Cook as the reason for the travel.  There is a savior of sorts in Cliff the Cook history buff who joins them for a memorial to Cook's tragic end in Hawaii.  For a good historical read go to Beaglehold, else enjoy this for what it is, a series of buddy travel stories.
My daughter is Lea and I'm 'Leas mother' I bought the book for the photos of my daughter. The 6 pages devoted to the story are filled with Misleads and fabrications on Robin's part. My daughter was manipulative and exaggerated.Robin never confronted me on Leas accusations. And neither did Big Brothers/Big Sisters. Yes I did hav problems with disciplining having no child rearing experiences. No emotional  supports. My daughter's father deserted me Sgt 3 months pregnant. My son's father left when I . Was 6 months pregnant. I was not a drug addict or ALCOHOLIC, just a woman . A single parent . Lost in the system.
I have previously enjoyed Wicked and Confessions of an Ugly stepsister but Maguire's last two novels, Lost and now Mirror Mirror have been hugely disappointing.First off the 'dwarves' confused me. They developed as inanimate blocks of stone to somewhat dwarf-like as a result of Bianca's (Snow White) humanity, thoughts, projected imagery and expectations rubbing off on them. I'm not sure what their real 'purpose' was in the story and kept waiting for some big revelation as to why they were even in there (besides the fact that they are in the original Snow  White) Maybe there's more symbology to these "stones" but I didn't get it.Then the father gets sent off on a life-long journey to fetch a branch from the tree that resulted in the banishment of Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden.  MUCH more could have been written to develop this plot-line but it didn't happen.And the "evil witch" - this plot line didn't make sense to me why the daughter of the pope, from a family of royalty, ended up on this lone farm away from the glitz of the court and high society that she craved.In summary I agree with one of the other reviewers that Maguire wasn't sure which story-line to fully develop. I was very disappointed but not as disappointed as Lost which I wouldn't recommend to anyone.However, I still look forward to this author's next works as he is a skilled writer who just hasn't been able to recapture the success and originality of his previous two novels.
Eloisa James is an unusually fine writer for this little genre and has produced a number of really entertaining Regency romances.  Unfortunately, this isn't one of her best.  Although witty (if loaded with jarring anachronisms!) and smart, the characters lack definition and interest.  One of them (Esme) is a rather bewildering mish-mash.  The opening chapters are a confusing whirl of characters, cascading upon one another, establishing no one's character, ping-ponging from one point of view to another, leaving the reader quite at sea and unable to recognize people's names until about a third of the way through the book.  The plot is slow and rambling and degenerates into extended soft porn episodes that stretch through about half the book.  Although she does this twice as well as anyone else, I'd like a little more happening in a novel than that.  Then the last quarter of the novel becomes a startling, heavy, poorly-done melodrama, with very little conviction to it.  (James has done this kind of thing before, and it never quite works for me.)  All in all, I didn't feel much desire to read the rest of the series.  Try something a little more successful by this author, such as the Essex Sisters series, to get a feel for how entertaining she can really be.
Michael Anstruther-Wetherby is a rising member of Parliament. But to get ahead he is going to need to get a wife He soon set his sites on the niece of Caroline Sutcliffe,the merry widow. After a while Michael realizes that he want Caro, but there is one of many problems, Caro does not want to remarry."The Ideal Bride" by Stephanie Laurens was just way to long and seem to be a repeat of the same storyline. I have to say that it was a very hard struggle to finish this book and the only reason that I did is because I invested so much time into it. It seems after reading a few Stephanie Laurens books back to back that Ms. Laurens needs to come up with some new plot lines, because the old ones are getting boring.
Was a little disappointed at the plot endings of each of these little tales.
Borrow it from the library; do not buy it. I was so glad that Julia Quinn's story came last, it saved the book. Lisa Kleypas' story was a big disappointment; Jake Linley deserved better, and the whole thing seemed silly. I don't think Kelypas' heart was in it.I haven't read any of Kinley MacGregor's books (though I've read some of her books as Sherrilyn Kenyon to mixed reviews), so I can't compare this story. Honestly, I liked it better than Kleypas' story, which was a surprise; I think I liked the hero and heroine better than with Kleypas, and I was so prepared to love Jake.While Julia Quinn has written better stories, hers is by far the best of this trio. Her trademark humor abounds, and both Ned and Charlotte are delightful characters. Their chemistry leaps off the page, even in such a short tale. If someday, this story is published in a different group (with other stories equal in quality), I'd buy it.Or I might buy this book for a dollar at my local library sale. But Julia Quinn's story is the only one worth having and rereading. It is thanks to her that the book gets its 2 stars, cause her entry is worth much more.
I read several novels by this author, but this one was too boring and boy did it drag out.  Kimberla discribed things too much.  How much can you say about a phone?  Yes racial and sex discrimination in the workplace should be addressed, but I just wasn't feeling this stroyline.  I also think Anisa was a winer.  Why was it so important that she get that particiuar position?  In real life when management is against the applicant getting a position, it leads to nothing but stress.  No matter how well you do the job, it won't be good enough which means very bad performance evaluations.  This book was selected by the host of my reading circle and I just couldn't get into this book.  I read 6 chapters and just wasn't feeling it so I went straight to the epilouge.  After reading it, I would have saved time reading this much about nothing story.
Based on a lot of glowing reviews on Slashdot and the e-gold mailing list, I couldn't wait to get out and buy this in hardcover right after it first came out. Boy am I sorry. This book is way WAY too long. It's too long by half at least. I don't deny that Stephenson can write, but this book seems to have been written specifically for young computer nerds who will be amused by discussions of masturbation and cereal. You get the feeling that the book was written by a young boy going through the puberty. There is nothing wrong with this (Isaac Asimov wrote the Foundation trilogy when he was 16) but you don't expect to FEEL this in a book this long or covering the material he covers. I've been a computer nerd and an avid sci-fi reader for most of my life, and cryptography etc. fascinates me a great deal. This book COULD have been really good, but it needs a great deal of &quot;tightening up&quot;. If Neal Stephenson had forced himself to cut the book in half I have a feeling it would have been a truly great book. But it goes on and on and on and on..... From one writer to another, I suggest he spend more time tightening up his book before he publishes, and for goodness sake, have an editor read it before it goes to print! I get the feeling the book was so long neither the author or the publisher wanted to take the time to fix the zillions of mistakes, some factual some grammatical, or to refine the text. Bottom line: Don't buy this book. Borrow it from a friend or check it out from the library. If you still love it, you can have mine!
this book is full of whining about how she got picked on all the time in school.i will be the first to stand up against bullying,but she was really asking for it.she was ugly and so took 900 gallons of vitamin s a day to look like a man?what kind of solution is that?and with such logic,what makes anyone think she has the brains to write a good book?and with her lesbionic,pms fueled rage she got into the wwe and battled men.maybe she is a man.for the longest time ive been thinking.she's ugly like a man.she's built like a man.she can beat a lot of the wwe men up.she can take a hit like a man and not go down.or maybe she does,who knows?and she slept with like everyone!every royal rumble,she had a new man......triple h,mark henry,chris jericho,eddie guierro.was that her back up plan behind making herself into she hulk?this book is a bunch of whining,performance enhancing extras,switch hitting,heshe hulking nonsense!
*Two and a Half Stars*Having already read Gregory Maguire's 'Wicked' I was something less than thrilled when I got roped into reading 'Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister' for a decidedly informal book discussion group.  It wasn't that I found 'Wicked' a bad read, I actually rather enjoyed it, but the blurb on the back of 'Confessions' lead me to think that Mr. Maguire had essentially repeated the same formula with a different fairy tale. (Actually, 'Wicked' was written after 'Confessions' but I read 'Wicked first...) Deconstructing a fairy tale and retelling it from the point of view of what is traditionally an unsympathetic character looses its novelty quickly.Anybody who has read 'Wicked' will instantly feel right at home.  Mr. Maguire provides interesting characters and plots that keep a reader interested.  That said, I found the writing itself in 'Wicked' to be better than the writing in 'Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister.'  The retelling of Cinderella felt less developed and 'Confessions' world, 17th Century Holland, seems less vivid than Maguires reimagining of Oz.With the novelty of retooled fairy tales gone, 'Confessions' ended up being a bit underwhelming.  While the opening scenes were engrossing, the middle of the book was merely ok and the climactic scene, Cinderella at the ball, ended up feeling slow and flat.  The post script seems like an afterthought.Mr. Maguire has turned his shtick into a cottage industry, which is fine.  It's a decent shtick.  But unless you're interested in going through a post-modern reinvention of every single one of Grimm's Fairy Tales, read 'Wicked.'  The concept is the same and the writing and the plot are better.
The third in the Little Lit series and not nearly as good as the previous two. While the earlier books had each had at least one contribution that would justify the purchase of the book for just about any audience -- from kids reading to themselves, to parents reading to kids, or to avid comic fans of just about any genre or age, this volume is _just_ silly and will probably satisfy none of these audiences. Don't be fooled by the star billing either. Lemony Snicket's contribution is good, but certainly not up to the standards of the Unfortunate Events series. Neil Gaiman's contribution is no Coraline. If you haven't purchased the other two volumes yet, start with either of those instead. If you have them, you may want to skim this one in the bookstore, and leave it there.
This book is a collection of interesting and exotic raw dishes.  However, if you want to actually make one of these dishes, be prepared to spend a great deal of time in the kitchen "uncooking" these meals.Most of the recipes call for a champion juicer and a excalibur food dehydrator, or both.  Right there alone, that's a $700 investment.  Sure, not as much as a really good oven, so that's really not a huge issue.  Some of these recipes require 6-12 hours to prepare.  Not like you can sit down and whip up one of these meals in a matter of minutes.I don't like the fact that this book uses so many nuts and seeds.  The meals have a higher fat content than the Standard American Diet, which is already too high.  Yes, it's raw fat, but that doesn't make it healthy to consume mass quantities of it.  My other problem with these recipes is that they call for the use of too many dried (dehydrated) foods.  Eating too many dry foods will in time dry you out, or dehydrate the cells of your body.This recipe guide is excellent to serve to guests and on special occasions, but I don't see the point in making these recipes part of your daily routine.  It's far too time consuming, and the healthiness is questionable.
I tried really hard to hang with this book and hoped that it would improve, and maybe it does, but I've got to tell you folks, this is one of the most boring books I have read in a while.  I forced myself to read to page 150, and just couldn't take it anymore, life is short and shouldn't be wasted reading books you are not enjoying.  There were faint moments of excitement and mayhem, but it was a lot like reading a VCR manual for spiritualism.  There were a ton of terms and vocabulary to learn in order to understand what was happening, and at least the part I read was so vague, you had a hard time deciphering what was taking place in the story.I had heard this author was great and decided to give him a try, but if all his books are this disjointed and boring, I think I'll pass, thank you.
Mr Hardy is a fantastic writer. Shoot, I love all his work, but I find myself bored reading this book. Unlike B-boy Blues and 2nd time around, LTOYW does not have the suspenseful conflict that Raheim and Little Bit had back in the day. He just parallels a lot of details from the other books, which makes me think why is this called a sequel when it's just a repetition. I didn't appreciate much the content of Little Bit's republican encounter and how Mr. Hardy incorporated that as if it was the center of the story. Monty's Bisexuality is ambiguous... and Little Bit's encounter with him wasn't really hot. Raheim still plays the old boy... and it never continued on as to Raheim coming out. It's a great read, but don't be too thrilled with the money you spending. Spend on the Bboy Blues or 2nd Time Around.
It is truly sad when a person hates oneself so much.  The self-hatred Moore has is really a shame.  Under achievers such as Mike are naturally drawn to this masochistic behavior.  The amount of meletonin in one's skin is a meaningless determinant of good or evil.  In fact, it is the very same ugly racism that Moore claims to abhor that he uses in the title of his book.  Why, Mike?  I know that belonging to labor unions would tend to give one the feeling that, apart from group identification, one has little inherent value.  Individual responsibility and rights tend to get swept away in favor of group rights with no accountability.  But again, this has nothing to do with race.  The idea that one race is just more virtuous than another is repugnant to good people of all races.  Moore's arguments and even his humor would be more effective if he did not engage in such self-loathing.  No person has anything to feel guilty about if that guilt is based on the actions of another.  Save your money, readers.  There are much better political, social, and comedic commentaries out there.  This is a sorry excuse for a book.
if you want real science about food, not rationalizations to keep eating junk, read instead books like these:"The China Study: The Most Comprehensive Study of Nutrition Ever Conducted and the Startling Implications for Diet, Weight Loss and Long-term Health"  by T. Colin Campbell...ISBN-10: 1932100660  Price:$11.53orEat to Live: The Revolutionary Formula for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss (Paperback)by Joel Fuhrman MD (Author), Mehmit Oz  ISBN-10: 0316735507  Price:$10.19or books byNeal Bernard MD
I got this book because of the gorgeous pictures and ideas for recipes inside.  The recipes, however, are not at all quick, often taking over 45 minutes for preparation alone!  It would probably be great for a dinner party with many guests, or someone looking for "beautiful" food.  However, as a raw/living foods eater, these recipes are not at all practical.  I'll be selling my copy as used on amazon and ebay. :(
My parents got me a box set of Lion Witch & Wardrobe books as a child. I read through the first one and found it nominally interesting, but not something that I would pick out on my own (I already knew the story from animated versions). I think I may have read half of the second one eventually. I was a heavy reader and followed lots of series type books, but in this case the plot didn't really flow for me. I think I MAY have heard something about a biblical connexion, but didn't think on that that much. It was only since a few years ago that I looked back at the books and saw how glaring the connexions were, and how the awkwardness with which a story was crafted to match biblical myth was the very thing that made it uninteresting to me.
I read this book because the author was recently recognized by Oprah and I thought I would try the book.  It was very disappointing.  This mother has been an at-home mom for only a couple of years and decides to get a divorce  because she feels empty.  She goes on to build a life for herself with  shallow relationships and limited contact with family or old friends.  She  is empty--- and clueless.  She meets a guy at the laundrymat and they begin  a torrid sexual affair that apparently takes her breath..and her mind away.  She doesn't seem to have any insight into herself or those around  her...has no long term relationships with anyone and holds contempt for  those who have been in her life for years.  I could not identify with her  or her situation in the least and thought her behavior bordered on child  neglect in many instances.  She got what she deserved but her child  certainly did not.  I find it disturbing that this mother is one the author  would call 'good'...by my definition, she is far from it.
I read WICKED last year and fell in love with the dense, vibrant perfume that lured in every corner of the text. gregory maguire had written such a magnificent tale that I immediately ordered all his other works, and MIRROR MIRROR was the one I picked up first. I expected the same magic, the same intricate anxiety-ridden traumas that wash through over the characters like waves on the shore, the same amazing lightness and precisenss of a very dense and powerful pen. I did not find it.MIRROR MIRROR is snow white rewritten, this time set in 16th century italy. the great clan of borgia stands in the middle of the tale. the potential is great, the historical enviroment full of exciting and wildly interesting facts and tales and events, but where WICKED shocked and entertained, MIRROR MIRROR falls absolutely flat.it is not a bad tale - it is mediocre. it does not captivate, but neither does it push you away. it just IS, like a crack in a concrete wall or a dried flower in a pot - and that is the problem. gregory maguire has the capacity to write great books, as he showed with WICKED, but this tale goes nowhere. its most (and only!) puzzling aspect is its mere existence. embarrassingly, it almost appears like the author is aware of his shortcomings, because the book is cut up into exceedingly short chapters preceded by small fragments of irritating verse which [unsuccessfully] attempt to mask the large holes in the story.if you want to read maguire, read WICKED. stay away from MIRROR MIRROR unless you have absolutely nothing else to read at home.come on gregory maguire. you can do better than this.
This book lacks essential pieces of a story.  The world is beautiful and very well-described.  Side characters are vibrant and catchy.  Some scenes are even poignant.Yet the main character is a mess.  There's no consistent motivation, nothing interesting about her, she's special for no reason, does stupid things that aggravate and annoy the reader instead of being understood, and she even is the reason for random flashbacks to why she's so special (this happens more than three times).B 3/4 of the story, you barely know what the villain wants, you have no idea why the main character is worth caring about, and no idea why it's about her instead of the more interesting ones.
Why is it when I buy a Kindle book that I don't like, I feel especially cheated?  That's how I feel here.  I agree with the Post's review -- it's seldom I can't finish a book.  I gave this book 2 stars instead of 1 because Lamb is a good writer and, though tedious, the book doesn't simply suck.  Borrow this, don't buy it if you really want to read it. And if you don't want to read it, you're not missing anything.
Maybe it's just me, but when I got to the part where the actual words of the Columbine killers are reproduced, the videos and the diaries they left behind, and the glee they felt at what they were about to do, I could not continue reading this book. The reality of that, compared to the self-absorbed navel-gazing of the main (fictional) characters made such a stark contrast that I could not hold onto the storyline of the novel. Maybe this was done on purpose to force the reader to put reality and fiction into perspective, but whatever relationship or sympathy I had felt for the story and its characters vaporized when intruded upon by the real event, its victims and its perpetrators. After reading about teen killers methodically murdering their teachers and classmates, the tiny world of Caelum and his family seemed inconsequential and I just didn't care anymore what happened to them.
Okay, besides the trippy pictures from Dave's home photo booth, this book is as interesting as dry toast.  Just brutal.  Scattered, boring, egocentric at most times, I just didn't enjoy it all, nor finish it.  As a fellow addict with 5 years clean, I enjoy reading peoples personal stories and their battles/successes with addiction.  This was just not worthy of any more than a library rental, and even then it's over-rated.  I recommend Star Tissue by Anthony Kiedis or The Dirt by Motley Crue, and pass over this el-garbagio.
If this is supposed to be a classic of military sci-fi, that doesn't say much for the genre. The basic premise of this novel is a very good one, informed by Haldeman's direct experiences in Vietnam. Here, humans are fighting a thousand-year war with an alien enemy whose motivations, whereabouts, and very identity are mostly unknown. An overbearing military establishment mechanically brainwashes unwilling soldiers to demonize and hate the enemy. The war itself escalates due to a lack of cultural understanding and communication. Of course these are metaphors for Vietnam, and they surely had power back when Haldeman wrote the book in the immediate aftermath of the war. The one good gimmick here is the relativistic time dilation experienced by the army's travel across the galaxy. They fight in campaigns that seem short to them, but then find that hundreds of years have elapsed at home. The soldiers are unable to adapt to the greatly changed Earth society when they return home, and end up back in combat, watching thousands of Earth years go by. Another metaphor for the travails of the soldier in Nam.But that's the extent of this book's usefulness. Otherwise, Haldeman's style is often an unbearably cranky tirade of predictable cynicism toward the system, with boring battle scenes and clunky character developments taking up most of the book. The future societies constructed by Haldeman, which the veterans have trouble adjusting to, are absolutely ridiculous, featuring government-mandated marijuana distribution, global communitarianism, and forced same-sex lifestyles. And as a guy, not even I can imagine any self-respecting women being able to put up with the relentless sexism of this book, as the future female characters range from indentured military prostitutes to sexless disciplinarians. The potentially tremendous anti-war messages promised by this novel's premise are wasted on a cranky and ham-handed story. [~doomsdayer520~]
Didn't like it. Basically refers to President Kennedy and his time in office. Too boring.
And with this, I declare my hatred towards Gregory Maguire. I remember liking some elements of Wicked, his other book, but I also remember not liking other elements, which at the time I chose to ignore.Maybe it's partly because I don't like re-tellings of fairy tales--cause I already know the basic plot--but there is seriously something wrong with making a soap opera out of a simple fairy tale. And really, is it really necessary for the prince to be a raper?To top it off, while Maguire may have one hell of an imagination, he's not exactly the best writer around. His sentences seem kind of flagged, and the story drags. I had to push myself to finish the book--which is unusual.Damn him.
&quot;The Fifth Ring&quot; showcases the current state of the fantasy genre - and boy, that's a depressing way to look at things. This overstuffed tome is packed with all the usual fluff: magic rings, power-mad sorcerer kings, reluctant young heroes, and all the rest. It's like someone took all these elements and threw them into some Fantasy-o-Matic machine and &quot;The Fifth Ring&quot; plopped out the other side. No, it's not the worst fantasy novel I've ever read (that distinction falls upon Dennis L. McKiernan's &quot;Iron Tower&quot;), but it's generally boring and fails to accost my attentions. How anyone could compare this newbie author to better ones, like Terry Brooks, is beyond me. It is passionless dribble, better left sitting on the shelf. I hate to bash a first-timer, but this is exactly the kind of work this genre does NOT need. Fortunately we have George R. R. Martins and David Gemmels in the field, or all might well be lost.
I wish I could give this book zero stars.  One look at the table of contents and I knew I had made a bad purchase (thankfully, it only cost $1 through Scholastic)....Chapter 1 - I Hate School!Chapter 2 - Dumb Miss Daisy and Pricipal KlutzChapter 10 - Football Players are Really DumbI'm sure you're beginning to get the idea, but just in case you think I didn't give the book a chance, here is an excerpt from Chapter 1, I Hate School..."My name is AJ.  I like football and video games, and I hate school. (...) All the kids laughted when I said I hated school.  But there was nothing funny about it.  I have learned a lot in my eight years.  One thing I learned is that there is no reason why kids should have to go to school."School is just this dumb thing that grown-ups thought up so they wouldn't have to pay for baby-sitters."I'm sure I could find at least one redeeming quality about this book if I read the entire thing, but I'm not going to do that.  I understand the irony and reverse psychology of the author and his intent.  The problem is that my 6- and 7-year-olds do not understand it and get entirely the wrong message.  Let's not even mention that words such as "hate" and "dumb" are off limits in our home.If you are still in doubt, borrow the book from your library and see for yourself.  My copy is going straight to the recycling bin.
Moore's book is slapstick political satire, however his politics seem somewhat short sighted.One thing he happens to do is rant just as much as he informs. The first chapter alone is a waste of time unless you were sealed off in a cave from 2000-2001. This gets old within the first chapter. Many credit him for exposing things that many have exposed now bit for bit after 9-11, but of course he's not so modest. There were others that were doing the same legitimate claims of Bush having the ties that he does. There was a biography called Fortunate SOn that was suppressed by the Bush PR team long before the whole 9-11 ignorance/censor-yourself fest. That alone should say how much better Fortunate Son is, as well as more informative. THe suppression of Moore's book has helped him more than it has hurt him.As for the whole white thing, he becomes ridiculous. Rather than complaining about colonialism abroad as countless others from Zinn to Chomsky to Fanon have, he makes a simple case that an informed enough 6th grader weilding a history book could. As one reviewer mentioned, slavery was practiced in persian and african communities. The flip side of that was that it was introduced to persia with the crusades and that african kings were extorted to involve themselves in the slave trade with being conquered by colonials as the threat. Wars were fought over it, the Kings caved in. But this is irrelevant. It's not a race blame game.Yes, white people invented the atom bomb. But this is hailed as a success. If a minority did it it would be hailed as a minority contribution during McDonald's 30 second commercial for black history month, also not forgetting to mention Booker T Washington's peanut butter and others. This is irrelevant. Innovations are a response of economic conditions and economic conditions exist within all peoples. Rather than building a substantial case, Moore goes to the simple minded.Others are calling him a neo-Marxist and I have nothing but laughs for this. Moore is a green at most. And he maintains his party loyalties, calling all greens and democrats to take action and eliminate the duopoly power of parties. It sounds for just a suffling of parties and hoping for a green-democrat domination of the same. Parties aren't the solution. It's this loyalty to frivolous parties that has brought the worst in America.Worst of all, the few legitimate causes Moore supports are some of the most popular. Moore joins the psuedo-radical bandwagon and applies schtick in an attempt to pass it off as original.This is a good book for a developing politico, but I wouldn't suggest it to anyone. If you think Jello Biafra is a genius, adore Hillary Clinton, thought No Logo was "the bomb", listen to Rage Against the Machine, and think Adbusters is hardcore, this book is for you.Suggested/alternate reading:Year 501: the Conquest Continues by Chomsky, A People's history of the US by Zinn, Fortunate Son by Hatfield, 9-11 by Chomsky, Profit Over People by Chomsky, A Little Matter of Genocide by Ward Churchill, Manufacturing Consent by Chomsky, The Wretched of the Earth by Frantz Fanon, Strike by Jeremy Brecher
Remember that kid in high school that was full of angst, angry at the unfairness of the world and telling anybody who'd listen about how sucky his life was?  Never really doing anything to make it better, but griping nonstop?Imagine that kid all grown up and, considered a spokesman for the disenfranchised (though he's now wealthy), still telling anyone who'll listen, spewing it onto a page and considering it literature, or, God forbid, "advice" on how to improve the state of the world.This book makes me ashamed to be a liberal.  Save your money and subscribe to a newspaper, so you can get your facts straight, instead of the re-hashed, re-spun poser nonsense.
"Hopelessly, irretrievably lost" is how industry insiders have described people who take this book to heart.  Yes, I have literally heard that exact phrase several times, particularly in regard to story structure.  Many aspiring writers read this book and their heads become filled with misinformation that is simply impossible to dislodge later, and their writing and their careers suffer as a result.I read the book hoping to clarify what I had read elsewhere.  McKee states the most basic basics of 3-act structure well enough, but when he gets into applying his theories, things fall apart.  By the time he cites examples from produced movies, he is way off the mark; the movies that he cites simply don't fit the points that he tries to make.  I quit wasting my time when it became clear that he had no clue what he was talking about.I don't know if it is entirely relevant that he has only had a few, minor scripts produced; some people's gift is to teach.  Unfortunately, Robert McKee's gift seems to be self-promotion, backed up with intimidation.  People who attend his seminars frequently report that he lectures out of his book almost verbatim, and that he browbeats anyone who dares to challenge or disagree with him.  Or even ask questions!  Would a person who genuinely knows what he's talking about need to do that?In short, don't become another of Robert McKee's victims!  Read Syd Field or John Truby instead.  Better yet, read them both.
My first mistake was that I thought I was buying a different book by the same name. I, unfortunately, clicked on the wrong author.  My second mistake was reading this book.  The primary characters are 2 young girls who are neglected by the people who are supposed to be raising them.  At the inception of the book these girls are not liked by their peers and asked to leave a birthday party because of their insulting behavior.  The story digresses from here.  On their way home from the party they commit a heinous act and the rest of the book is a series of rabbit trails leading the reader on a sick journey.  I shouldn't have finished the book.  It was poorly contrived, disgusting and it ended badly.
"The Ideal Bride" takes place in Regency England.  M. is a young diplomat who decides to further his career by marrying a suitable woman -- the ideal bride, who can host diplomatic events, entertain ambasadors, and so forth.  After a bit of looking around, M. decides that the daughter of a friend of his, E., might be suitable.  He arranges a house party to visit with E. and decide if they will suit.  E. however is in love with someone else, and asks her aunt, C., to intervene.  C. immediately starts planning on subtle strategems to make E. appear usuited to being a diplomats wife.  Upon ariving at the house party, M. quickly decides that C. would make him a far better wife than E.This novel simply wasn't my cup of tea. The main couple are both diplomats, always subtle and indirect, very controlled, displaying an emotionally calm front. I didn't like them. They never say anything directly, but instead use vague inuendo. The text nicely identifies where these mechanisms are used, but my main reaction was that anyone who thinks the average person would catch and propperly interpret these convoluted clues is going to be very disappointed.Now, if all of this pussy footing around won't bother you, by all means purchase this book. The rest is well done, 4 to 5 star material.
Cardboard characters, an improbable and poorly-developed plot, and a predictable ending mar what could have been an intriguing story of dirty deeds in the California art world. It's possible that Lowell knows something about art, or at least did a bit of research--the parts of the story that discussed art, and the art world along the California coast, were the most plausible and interesting.Unfortunately, both plot and characters failed to live up to their setting. The plot depends greatly on the protagonist's concealing the truth about who painted the pictures that attract so much (sometimes unsavory) interest. The reasons given for that secrecy, however, are so far-fetched as to be ludicrous. Her dad is angling for a judgeship and doesn't want his father's bad art associated with his name? And she buys this reason? And when she discovers that the unsigned paintings are actually very good and appear to be painted by a well-known deceased artist (although she knows her grandfather painted them), she assumes that they're forgeries? As do the well-known artist Susa and her bodyguard? Sorry, but it's only a forgery if you try to pass it off as an original. There's nothing particularly shameful about paintings done in the style of somebody else.The rest of the plot is almost equally improbable. Paintings that are "obviously" paintings of real murders? The paintings must have been a lot more realistic than this plot.And did I mention the cardboard characters? Take one attractive, charming, mysteriously unappreciated young woman who thinks she's ugly because she has a bad haircut. Add a tough-but-tender man who's somehow failed with every woman until now, and it's lust at first sight. Throw in a famous artist who's actually a warm and loving family woman, and stir well with a host of greedy, scheming powerful people who for all their wealth have but one emotion each. Half bake in a 360 degree coastal panorama. Place on shelf to cool and go read an art book.Why, you ask, if it's this bad, did I give this two stars instead of only one? Because I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area and felt nostalgic at the descriptions of the coast. So I gave it an extra star for its setting. After all, it could have been worse. It could have been set in Lodi. ("Oh Lord, Stuck in Lodi Again")
The Washington Post review of this novel was right on point.  Wally Lamb is obviously a master storyteller but this novel goes completely overboard.  He throws WAY too many issues into what should have been a story about a husband and wife trying to overcome the devestating effects of the Columbine shootings.  And unlike I Know This Much Is True, the historical text in this novel is completely overwhelming and unnecessary.  I wanted to love this book but for me, it fell flat.
The first several chapters read like a high school short story writing project.  Filled with adolescent fantasies of orgies, drug use, and no character development.  After the first &quot;section&quot; the story does start to mesh some.  The main problem is the logic presented for human changes over the centuries just doesn't seem realistic.  In the end I felt very much like I had read a 60s pulp sci-fi story.  No character development, very dry, and I'm sorry to say very boring.  When it won a Hugo it must have been a very bad year if no competition could beat it.  Read Vernor Vinge instead.
Some of the original Cynster family novels are among my all-time favorite love stories. Generally the stories start off with a bang; a murder, a clandestine meeting in the dead of night, something to catch one's interest and some drama to establish the main characters as deep, faceted, and likeable with a major conflict to resolve. That's not this book.Young Simon was a minor, inoffensive character in the first stories. Portia was mentioned in passing in a later "the next generation" Cynster story. It would have been fine to put them together in a tertiary story line in a better novel as there's not enough to them to make them good main characters. He's a happy-go-lucky playboy who had decided that his life's mission is to make a family. She's an empty and privileged do-gooder who has decided that what her life is missing is a family. Their relationship blossoms as an exercise in cold-blooded if inventive foreplay. It wasn't worth my while to stick the book through to the inevitable consummation; I just don't care that much.Oh yeah, there's a secondary story line about a young and spoiled society wife's journey of self-destruction, on a backdrop of a house party with a dizzying number of unmemorable guests. I'm halfway through the book, and I guess this is all leading up to some big plot turn like a murder ho-hum, but so far our main characters' involvement with the tension in this story is their transitory "discomfort" over their hostess' histrionics. This is when they're not engineering opportunities to sneak off for some heavily choreographed heavy petting.I had hopes for this novel since its plot synopsis seemed to mirror my favorite Cynster novel "A Secret Love", a story of two childhood companions who are made for each other but almost miss their chance until catastrophe brings them together; but these characters and unworthy and unlikeable, and the plot just falls soooooo flat.
Nature is against men. That is why there are more girls born to young couples than boys. How funny! White men are the most evil, stupid people on the planet and America and Israel are the ultimate scapegoats for all of the world's problems. This book is 100% silly.
Just a warning - 8 minutes doesn't count warm up, stretching, or the time it takes you to get up from the floor and situated to the next exercise (something that I find really annoying and ineffecient!).I have not read Jeorge's book.  I got the routine from an excerpt in O! I don't understand why he doesn't pair exercises that are both on the floor or both standing - it's such a pain getting up and down, up and down.  Plus, I feel like you lose that whole idea of "no rest".  I'm sure I expend more calories to get up an down, but it's all too easy to take a sip of water or just in repositioning yourself.I have been following WW while I have been doing the 8m workout (more like 10-15 for me), and I have not lost one pound.  I'll keep doing it, because it's probably better than nothing, but I'm not impressed so far (about 3 weeks).
Every time I set this book down, I felt like I was in pain.  Not because of what Moore was saying but because of how he said it.  Moore is a very angry man, and every sentence was dripping with bitterness.Moore is obviously very liberal.  Liberals will probably like this book.  Conservatives will likely seek to hunt him down because of it.  He might consider that a good thing.  Each chapter is another tirade about the evils of George W. Bush, rich men, white men, stupid men, men as an entire gender, America in general, and finally the democrats (yeah, he's mad at them too).I'll take just a moment to point out that he throws out statistics pretty liberally, but those statistics are often skewed because they're not placed in the proper context.  For example, he points out that the US is #1 in recorded rapes.  Maybe true, but he doesn't consider the facts that we have the third largest population of any country in the world, and many countries have thousands of rapes that occur every year that are never recorded because society tends to look the other way.  Moore's facts are often weighty, but often misleading.Don't mistake me!  I'm sick of greedy, unscrupulous, corrupt, and stupid men, too, but I'm not just bitter about it, and I think that's where this book falls apart for me.  If he were rational and thoughtful, it would have been an enjoyable read even if I did disagree with 60 to 70% of it.  But it's hard to enjoy something that makes you angry simply because he's angry.
On the front cover of this book, a giant Mike Moore towers over a conference table occupied by his mortal enemies, stupid white men. Where is the David to slay this Goliath! This book is one of the biggest bundles of doggerel I've ever read. That's a darn shame, too, because I always admired Mike Moore. Here's a guy that pulled himself up through sheer ability; he spent years toiling in obscurity, and spent almost every dime he had to make an important film about America's working man. He never attended college, but there he was making films and television shows. With this book, however, Moore not only shows a shocking amount of ignorance, he also moves himself further left than Karl Marx."Stupid White Men" attacks and addresses almost everything the American far left fears in late 1990's America. Conservatives, big business, arsenic in the drinking water, minority rights, George W. Bush, mad cow disease, education, the fusion of the Democratic and Republican parties, SUVs, Election 2000, and other paranoias I'm probably forgetting appear in this book. Yes, this is what the book is: paranoid. Remember the militia movement and how they feared invasion by the United Nations? Remember how everyone painted them as dangerous lunatics? Well, Mike shows us that paranoia knows no distinctions along ideological lines.It's not that I disagree with some of Moore's assertions. Certainly some big business types are greedy jerks that act like gods, laying off workers at the drop of a hat. My problem is how Moore presents his arguments. Moore subscribes to "one cause" reasoning, a popular method of presenting a "fact" in order to tie it to a certain ideological position. The media does this all the time, and the purpose it serves is indoctrination. For example, Moore states that black women are four times as likely to die during childbirth than white women. Mike cleverly ties this solely to racism, claiming that these deaths are due to a system that purposefully denies treatment to black women. Is this the only reason? Of course not. Couldn't it also have something to do with the fact that black women have more children than white women, thereby exposing them to greater risk of death or injury? You'll never know from this book. What the reader needs to keep in mind is that every problem has more than one cause. Reducing every social ill to one concrete conclusion is not only inaccurate; it's dangerous as well because it hinders the development of effective solutions to problems. There are numerous examples of this type of reasoning in Moore's book.Another concept lacking in this book is that of personal responsibility. Every problem in society, according to Moore, is caused by external events. People who do drugs are victims, students who fail to learn are victims, and minorities are victims as well. Heck, we're all victims in some way or another in Moore's moral universe. One of the great things about America is that a person, regardless of background, might be able to make it big with a little luck, a lot of hard work, and an optimistic outlook of can-do spirit. Andrew Carnegie didn't whine when he was wearing out the soles of his shoes as a poor boy. Carnegie did something about it, and succeeded beyond anyone's wildest expectations. No one handed him the keys to the castle for free. Quit looking for reasons why you can't and find reasons why you can. You did it, Mr. Moore!Mike relies heavily on humor to make this mess palatable. It's hard to criticize points when you're laughing, and that's the idea. I'll admit I laughed over some of his quips. The idea of Ralph Nader as president is one of the funniest things I've read in years. I've always thought Moore was a funny guy. But do not make the mistake of reading this for humor at the expense of critical analysis.
Another book that I bought, started it, could not get hooked and quit.  There just wasn't anything there to draw me back and keep me interested.  Maybe I didn't read far enough into it.
Not really the good Wizard of Oz I know, and love. I recommend this book for a bedtime story for younger kids.
The abridged book on tape version (ISBN 0-694-51801-8) mostly covers market conditions in the early 1970s. (It's apparently an abridgement done in 1986 of a book Graham wrote in the early 1970s before his death in 1976). Yes, there is some historic interest here, but not enough of Benjamin Graham's timeless advice on investing. I recommend finding another version of Graham's work, unless you're an economic historian researching the early 1970s.By the way, Graham's comments on the tape totally failed to foresee the big energy crisis and runaway inflation of the mid 1970s (as did 90%+ of investors then, including most other experts).
I've read 45 pages and have encountered three separate groups that seem in no way connected.  The story is bouncing all over the place in apparently different time periods. A book is supposed to leave you enthralled in the first few chapters, but this one has just confused the hell out of me and I read it three times just to try to make sense of it. For the first time in my life I cannot finish a book I started. There is no apparent story.  Please if you've read this book, does a story ever develop?
The book description says that it includes all the original illustrations, but I was suspicious because the file size is so small. I downloaded the sample, which contains a good chunk of the book, and there are NO illustrations. In fact it doesn't even have page breaks (chapters starting on a new page, etc.)
I enjoy a good techno read but this one is akin to the History of Herodotus. You have to read it but its brutal at best. What is a great base line story is sunk by unneeded details and ADD style side tracked sub stories which have no relevance to what should have been a really good story, factual or not. Waisted pages of math equations, even as an engineer I found boring. Details that you would expect in a historically accurate account of events fall short in this fictional version of WWII code braking and current seven degrees of separation irony. Sorry, But I would not recommend this to my friends. I would have a lot of explaining to do.
Say, did you know Chyna hates every single person shes ever met? Or that she can't express a rational thought? Or that shes compleatly out of her mind? You would if you had wasted the time reading this pile of garbage.
Do *not* approach this book as a biography.  Frank Dux is a legend in his own mind, and there are VOLUMES of evidence exposing his martial arts, military, and covert operations claims as utter bunk.  HOWEVER, this is a hilarious read!If the author REALLY believes this stuff, he is delusional.  If he thinks that WE should believe his written exploits, then he is simply deluded.  This &#34;biography&#34; is so over-the-top, it is downright entertaining.  If we had been &#34;let in&#34; on the joke, ala Chuck Barris' book 'Confessions of a Dangerous Mind', then this book would have been a sly in-joke and a feather in Dux's cap.  As it is, this bio is a monument to the ego and delusion of the author, and really an insult to his readers.It *is* a howl to read though, in sort of a car-crash or bad movie vibe.
"Riding Lessons" is not worth the time to read. Look at the pictures, if you wish, but read something else. Ms. Derek certainly looks good on a horse, but her writing skills wouldn't earn her a passing grade in high school. Disjointed, self-centered and immature, "Riding Lessons" appears to have been written by a giddy, clueless teenager. I gave it two stars because it does have a section of color photographs, otherwise, it would be a "one".
Aside from the Bible and Oxford Quotations, this is the only hardback book that I own. I simply wait until they are out in paperback. However, when I learned that Wally Lamb had a book coming out after 10 years, I literally went straight to the bookstore after work the day it was released. With all Wally Lamb novels, you have to be willing and able to explore the darker, more uncomfortable sides of life and yourself. I loved She's Come Undone and I Know This Much is True is a masterpiece, however I could not force myself thru more than half of The Hour I First Believed. It's tedious and I found that I didn't really give a damn about the characters one way or the other. Maybe if I run out of other things to read on a snowed in winters night, I'll give it a second chance. But for now, not only does it have the honor of being one of three hardback books on the shelf, it also has the honor of being the only one I couldn't finish.
I really did not get a feel for this book. I really liked the illustrations that are in this book. If you are looking for some great illustrations this is a great book. This is a Coretta scott King award recipient book.
I just hated this book. It went on and on and on. I finally gave up. It is in a box in my basement somewhere. Maybe someone in the future will have the time to sift through this boring story. Don't waste your time on it... Yuck!
I am one of the most democratic people you could ever meet. Nonetheless I was certainly quite dissapointed by Stupid White Men.  What I had hoped would be a moderately cohesive and funny critique of dirty American politics turned out to be a poorly written, stupid, offensive and largely unconvincing attempt at more fame, which increasingly seems unwarranted.The book, which ranges from topic to topic about the paucity of American politics, ends up spending the most time and effort on Moore's most useless arguments.  One of the longest chapters in the book is about Moore's personal beliefs that white people are more scary and mean than black people.  He goes on to say that all the bad experiences he has had in his life were caused by white people.  The question is what in god's name this has to do with anything. I'm moderately convinced that nobody reading the book is harboring a secret belief that white people are nicer than blacks.But instead of simply writing the chapter and then moving on (or just giving up on the book), Moore continuously seems to refer back to it, somehow using this anserine argument as some sort of cornerstone for diatribes to come.  And they do.  And they get steadily worse and less relevant.I could stand and enjoy that if Moore could write, but having no literary skills whatsoever somewhat dulls the nonexistant humor.  I (no exaggeration) was bored two pages into the intro.  That never changed.  Reading this piece of trash was a real effort.And I could have worked through it happily if there was something important said.  The real truth is that, apart from an enlightening chapter on Clinton, nothing was of any real political interest.  Most followed the vein of the anti-white crap.  The whole book was just peurile.Please. PLEASE.  Pay attention to this review and don't buy the book.  Since I feel bad about this, some other great liberal authors to read:Al Franken (all his stuff is really funny and actually interesting.)Senator Byrd is pretty goodAnd everybody in this country should read FAst Food Nation (Eric Schlosser) - THe best journalistic piece I have ever read.  Truly a masterpiece.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE READ THAT ONE.
He writes well about - nothing.  If a sitcom could become a mega-hit, perhaps this plot-less novel could do.  Only problem is, its over a thousand pages looooonnnnnnggggg, and I'm only on page 250.  Help!  Make me stop!
One of the ideas behind The Forever War must've been amazing, even brilliant, thirty years ago: a war that lasts for thousands of years because of relativity.  The other idea, that war is hell, is not exactly original.  But the ideas make an interesting combination, and together they could've made a fantastic book.Except.  The author seems to have only a glancing familiarity with things like human nature.  One perfect example is the way feminism works in the book.  Oh, the women are in the army - they fight on the line and all that.  But they're *also* expected to act as camp followers!  When they go to a station inhabited mostly by men, they are obliged, by law and military rule, to have sex with those men for as long as the men wish it.  That's every lonely 15-year-old boy's dream, maybe, but it wouldn't work in reality. Women don't respond well to rape, and highly trained, heavily armed women will eventually get tired of being unpaid, legally coerced prostitutes; the social order will rebalance.  And let's not forget the strange relationship between Marygay and Mandella. It's hard to believe they're in love at all, because the author doesn't seem to have a clue how to write a convincing love affair, so it's hard to get worked up about their future together.Except, again.  The author, in his understandable bitterness about the Vietnam war, takes things a bit too far to demonstrate that war is hell.  Why would any army rigorously test hundreds of thousands of people, then forcibly conscript the smartest and most educated so that they could *fight as grunts, in the frontline infantry*?  Never mind that 150+ IQ people are exactly the sort you don't want in an army, since they aren't going to take orders any too well, but are the sort you want working on technological advances back home.  Why go through all that to recruit for a group of people that will sustain 34% casualties every time they encounter the enemy, whether they're smart or not?  And why would any army kill so many of its "elite" conscripted grunts in training?  Most armies can find a way to train soldiers that doesn't, itself, inflict a 20% casualty rate.Except, a third time.  The future societies, which Mandella visits irregularly during his tour of duty, have that sad, silly tone that lots of future-predicting SF from the '70s has.  It's hard to take seriously, not just because the predictions are off base; it's the way they're off base.  Tobacco is illegal because it takes land needed to grow food, but marijuana is distributed free by many governments?  The UN runs the major world fighting force and most of the rest of the world, too?  Um.Reading this book left me switching between annoyance, amusement, and regret, but by the end, regret predominated.  It was a nice idea, and maybe it could've been a classic.  As it stands, though, The Forever War is an old novel, best forgotten.  Read something else; don't bother starting this War.
Against my better judgment, we picked up this book for bedtime reading with our 6-year old and 4-year old sons. We had already readIf You Give a Mouse a Cookieand gave that book a 3-star rating. This book is even less interesting.Laura Numeroff created a trademarked series from these simplistic books, switching the mouse for a moose, a pig and, in this case, a cat. In place of a story, Numeroff strings together a bizarre series of cause and effect examples that are neither interesting nor funny. Here's an excerpt that illustrates my point:"The whale will remind him of the science museum. He'll ask you to take him there. First he'll find the dinosaurs. Then he'll visit the Hall of Apes."Over four pages, the cat transitions from a river to a merry-go-round, onto a science museum and then back to the beach. Do you find that confusing? Well, you are not alone.In summary, I submit this series is missing an appropriate title, "If You Beat a Horse to Death." This book earns a 1-star rating, as there are many better options for young children.
I think it could have been WAY better. I think that even if it's a classic, it can still be imperfect. The Wizard of Oz is a perfect example, as a lot of things tend to contradict other things. At the end, Dorothy GRIMLY says,"From the land of Oz." I thought she liked it there!
I consider myself a moderate.  I think both parties are equally to blame for the apathy that exists in this country.  Michael Moore, unfortunately, misses the mark with this book.  Instead of offering an insight as promised, he skews the truth and downright lies in order to foster the idea that he is an intellectual.He does not want to own up to the errors he's made.  He is just a narcissistic liberal who feels he is smarter than everyone else and that people will listen to him because he is so brilliant.I read this book right before he made is inane, idiotic comments at the Oscars.  And, some people defend him, saying his comments were so American.  Well, I am exercising my right to say he is ignorant.Buy this book if you want to laugh at how self-absorbed someone can be.  Avoid it at all costs if such selfishness turns you off.
I truly wanted to like this book but found it completely self-indulgent and just boring. Navarro tries so hard to come of as an intellectual and really just comes off as a loser with too much time on his hands. I had to force myself to finish it - I'm glad I bought it from bookcloseouts.
Again - We love the book titled "rolie olie polie" but the two books I purchased are not rhyming books and quite frankly not that great - we are disappointed!
I couldn't even finish this book..it was that awful. Endless description of the 'gardens', zero romantic tension, ridiculous mystery. Buy an earlier Stephanie Laurens book.
I didn't particularly like this book. I read it because it was mentioned on the cover ofHarvesting the Heart, though I have two other books by this author that made no impression on me (to be honest, I think it was by mistake that I even had more than other one, especially since I don't recall reading either!). On the surface, I can see why this can be seen as similar to Jodi Picoult's work - the family drama, the court case... but the characters (other than the little girl), were not very real or endearing. And while the ending was in depth - it still wasn't satisfying. Mostly, it felt like a book carrying a heavy-handed feminist slant and was barely masked in the plot. I wouldn't recommend this.
I've seen a lot of great reviews for I Know This Much Is True but I don't agree with most people. I loved Wally's first book, She's Come Undone but I can't say the same for this. It seemed to go on forever saying nothing in particular. It may have had the same style as She's Come Undone but I didn't like it. I thought there was no point to it & that all those like 800 pages were full of babble. I gave it 2 stars because it wasn't horrible, just boring. If you want something that will motivate you to read....God, don't choose I Know This Much Is True.
I have to admit that I was excited to read this book when it was chosen by a member of the book club that I belong to.  I was thinking, "Oh goodie, somebody's life is more than or just as disfunctional as mine is!"  Well I sure missed the mark on that, when asked by another member of the club what the book was about, I told her it is like reading a script for an episode of Seinfeld, except no laughs.  My only consulation in the fact that I have wasted what precious quiet time I have on this waste of paper is that at least I got it from the library and did not have to pay anything for it.  If I had actually parted with my hard earned dough, I might have had to burn it and cook a meal over the flames to get something for my money.  How some people actually get published is beyond me, the author must have had something on the publisher to get this one in print.  I would have ranked it zero stars, but that wasn't an option.  I should also note that I have never been compelled to write a review before but I felt the need to warn the would be sucker from a fate worse than wasted spare time.  I certainly don't have any!!
It is hard to imagine less convincing dialogue or less natural speech.  Supposedly quick repartee is always met by the participants "snickering."  Laughter at this stilted mess would show too much enthusiasm I suppose.  The "mystery" is transparent. The one hot sex scene keeps this from being a 1/2 star outing on Lowell's part.  I've enjoyed a lot of her earlier books but this one shows a need for a strong editorial hand.
Veritas is the fifth novel I have read by the author. Victor Carl had become one of my favorite characters and in one review I pegged him as the Jack Reacher of the courtroom. Unfortunately, this book did not live up to my past experiences. I found it somewhat difficult to keep up with the story; there were too many confusing twists and turns that made it a difficult read. If you haven't read a Lashner novel before, I suggest one of his other books such as Hostile Witness or The Accounting. Veritas just wasn't up to the standards I had come to expect.
This book is for the diehard Dave Navarro fans only. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was that the use of  instamatic photos in the book is creative. The text is nothing more than diary entries by the guitarist. Neil Straus approached writing The Dirt with Motley Crue is a much more creative way which kept me interested. This book  falls short unless I would have been inclined to want to see things Dave's way. I grew restless of this pretty quickly.
Drawn by the setting of New Orleans, I gave this one a shot.  Decent refernces to businesses and landmarks, but HORRRIBLE plot line.  (Unless, again, I'm missing something here...)  Seems like Leonard had a gun to his head to finish this book, quickly!  I've read Delillo, Pynchon, Sandford, etc...and recommend ANY of them over what I saw from Leonard here.
I think--if I met Traci Lords--I would like and admire her.. Unfortunately, I don't get to meet her in her autobiography. Her story should be compelling (but told by herself, isn't); she deserves credit for her talent, her guts, her success (but not for this book). It was almost halfway through the book before I heard her memorable, honest, human voice: "What would my tombstone say? Here lies a cocksucker?" And then that voice went away.I wasn't obsessed with knowing every detail of every adult film she starred in as an underage teen. (Although I was hoping for an occassional rise.) I became more obsessed--and more disappointed when it was left unexplored--to learn how she could overcome addiction, how she could steel herself to a unhappy past which NO ONE would allow her to forget, how her important therapy worked, how success could seed in her life, how important relationships would continue to fail. . .I wanted to know something about the insides of this valiant, recovered woman. Instead, I learned she had a white cat and an expensive Japanese dinner table. . .Try again, Ms. Lord; your story remains untold.
I truly enjoyed "Getting Over It" by Anna Maxted, which is why I was shocked at how bad this book was. It seems like a first draft that was never edited. The plot is all over the place, the characters are flat and unlikeable, and the writing reads like stream of consciousness. I usually read almost every book I pick up through to the end (regardless of how bad), but I found nothing redeemable in this book to keep me reading past the middle. Based on what other reviewers have said about the ending, I'm glad I stopped when I did!
By a Spider's Thread was not as suspenseful as I would've hoped for. I found the book to be very formulated and almost a soap opera story line.The story line was weak and predictable. My favorite part of the book was the Snoop Sisters. I did not have the feeling in the last 100 pages that there was no way the story could wrap up w/in that page timing and the urge to shut out my household so I could finish. I did find myself hunting through my bookshelves wondering what I could read next that would blow me away. I dreaded having to finish this book because I felt it was taking my time away from a better read.On the flip side I did learn a lot about Orthodox Jews.I am curious about here early works; being that this is the second book she's written alone. I'm in no rush.
Way, Wally Lamb really likes to write a lot of pages, huh?  Fine if they add to the story but this went all over the place and I'm not sure it all fit together - certainly not for me.  And disappointing end - trying to wrap everything up in a bow just didn't work.  I'm sorry now that I spent so much time trudging through it - I got sucked in at the beginning and then lost and kept thinking it had to get better - this is Wally Lamb.  This time, no such luck.
Having just finished The Hour I First Believed, I'm exhausted, but I'll try to summon enough strength to urge would-be readers to borrow this one from the library.My first reaction is, WHEW! Am I glad that's over--quite the opposite reaction I hope for when reading the work of an author whom I have admired in the past.My second reaction is, wow, do I dislike every character in this book, except maybe Aunt Lolly. Caelum starts out as a jerk and continues to be a jerk, no matter what else happens. He is cold, violent, and a sexist dork (I mean come on, he gets wildly angry when he discovers his poor, traumatized wife owns a vibrator. Does it really take a therapist to make that okay for him???). I am fully cognizant that a protagonist with faults is a more interesting, well-rounded everyman. But Caelum is an unrelenting asshat.It took Wally Lamb ten years to write the book, and I believe that is EXACTLY what sunk the ship. According to his afterword, he started out with a story of family secrets and intrigue. Good enough. But during the long...loooong course of writing the novel, lots of awful stuff kept happening in the world around us: Columbine, Katrina, 9/11, the Bush administration. Lamb just kept dumping all that stuff into the book.Any one of his central topics--disaffected teen violence and its aftermath, family secrets, the history of women's correctional facilities--would have made a splendid and engrossing novel. And he almost gets there with the Columbine story. But he throws out so many story lines that the novel unravels as it goes along. I dare say, if this had been Wally Lamb's first novel, the editors would have had a big, blue pencil reality check. Sadly, that did not happen here.Remember Grady Tripp in Michael Chabon's Wonder Boys? He had an out-of-control book that just kept getting longer, and longer. Finally, his student Hannah tells him that his book reads as if he didn't make any choices. At all.Now, I wonder if the used bookstore will take this one in on trade....
This book was historically inaccurate, contained tiresome cliches, it's a subject that JCB has written about poorly before, and it seems as though this novel was a total rush job as it was very poorly written from start to finish.
-Ms. Laurens must have had Roget's Thesaurus beside her computer when she wrote this book.  I plodded through it, because I find it difficult to stop in the middle of any novel that I start.  Portia is an unbelievable character; at 24 years of age, she surely had some idea of how babies are conceived!!  Even in 1835 her naivete is amazing.  Would I recommend this book?  Only for the simple-minded (and they'd better have a dictionary available).
I have the 'Mouse...Cookie', 'Moose...Muffin', and 'Pig...Pancake' books, and those are some of the most creative, amusing children's books I've ever read. My kids like them immensely too. Imagine my disappointment, then, after we read this installment in the series.I have two main problems with this book. First, the chain of events don't seem to flow as naturally as the other books. For example, the mouse will go from putting a carrot on a snowman's nose to building a snow fort. There is no correlating reason why the mouse jumps from one activity to another in this book, unlike the original books. Events occur randomly rather than flowing like a domino chain, which severely hampers the flow.Second, I personally found this book to be very predictable. The ending is EXACTLY like the beginning except in reverse. In contrast, for example, the moose wanted jam with the muffin in the beginning, which is obtained from the fridge. In the end, though, it's not the fridge that triggers the desire for jam...it's something else. So it's not merely the beginning in reverse. In this book, though, it is indeed the fridge (to borrow the analogy) that triggers the desire for the jam...and that's what makes the story predictable.To summarize, this looks like a story where someone tried unsuccessfully to mimic Numeroff's style. Too bad Numeroff couldn't mimic herself better.
I began to read this book, wondering how this writer proposed wecommon folk change the government. About halfway through, after the author trashed money-grubbing polititians, false pollsters, andthe distorted media, I still had yet to read a word about overthrowing anything; I started to skip pages...I know how bad things are in Washington - I really never found any ideas, or information, unless you consider dropping the MoveOn.com website as her idea of an overthrow proposal? Yes, it's a decently written litany of the sins of current political affairs, BUT, when the contents of a book does not connect with the title, well, that's a &quot;D&quot; in my grade book.
I am not reviewing the book version of Wonderful Wizard of Oz, but the audiobook that I downloaded.  I have great respect for Hathaway as an actress, but some of the voices she chose for this book were horribly screechy.  Listening to the last chapters of the book was extremely unpleasant.
When I saw that Ms. Roby had a new book out, I was excited about reading it because I had read her other books and found them to be wonderful!  I don't know if Ms. Roby was stressed or under pressure from her publishers to get out another book but "A Taste of Reality" should have been entitled "Truly Disappointing".  Even my 16-year old daughter who's also read Ms. Roby's other offerings did not like this book.Unlike the other main character's in Ms. Roby's earlier novels, I found Anise to be a such a WHINER!!!!  Where was this girl's backbone and although I know racism still exists in the workplace, I doubt if it could exist in today's environment to the extent it was portrayed in the book (call me naive but I just don't see it).I'm not sure but it seems as if Ms. Roby's ending was written in such a way as to be the opening for her next book.  Anise and Frank's relationship was the one bright spot in this book and to have it "end" the way it did was a major letdown.  I can sum up this book in two words: IT [STUNK]!
This book is pure garbage, don't waste your money. How it got some of the reviews it did is beyond comprehension.
The Forever War is one of my favorite books.  I've read it at least ten times over the years.  However, what you're getting here is NOT the version you probably remember.  It's an unedited version.  Now, I'm sure you're thinking "Great!  I LOVE the book, so more of it can only be a good thing.  Right?"Wrong.It's Haldeman's terse prose and direct writing style that make The Forever War a great novel.  Without the discipline and restraint that previous editors imposed upon his work, Haldeman rambles on like your great-grandpa telling you about life during the Great Depression.  There are at least two entire chapters devoted to describing how Earth's economy is now based on calories instead of dollars.  And by the end of those two chapters, Haldeman himself seems to conclude that it's dumb, impractical idea that's not very interesting in the first place.There are reasons that the original cuts were made.  What was once tense, quotable, action-packed and provocative is now a lumbering beast, sagged down by tons of extraneous ramblings that don't add to the story even a little.I certainly don't expect you to believe me.  And in fact, I suppose some of you might even like the extra material, bland and superflous as it is.  But for me, this version is a rough draft.  I would much prefer to have a copy of the edited version.  Editing is NOT a dirty word- it's part of the craft of writing.
Eric Hoffer presents to us a highly anti-social picture of the world where we are all supposed to live in atomistic individualism with no regard for others. Nothing positive can be gained, in Hoffer's view, from self-sacrifice, hope, and working together to change things. Who is really pathological?This book makes it seem like those who join social movements have little better to do and have no other point of living. I think it is difficult to make that case, since those who belong to social movements come from all walks of life and different occupations. It is also difficult to make the case that social movements have never achieved anything of value for the general public. The civil rights movement is probably the least controversial example.The book also makes it seem impossible for one to have individuality and still belong to a social movement. In fact, people dedicate themselves to social movements to varying degrees. Very few members sacrifice themselves to the point where we could say they lacked individuality...Social movements are the essence of democracy, and without social movements democracy is a sham... Without them we can not expect to make things better. To Hoffer, however, we should just take whatever we get (we shouldn't combine together and protest).  He actually says this. He views people who hope for a different world as pathological and that no one with a life worth living would ever join a social movement. Perhaps we should have told this to the slaves.And that is all the book is: reactionary propaganda.  It pretends to be balanced by treating a variety of conflicting social movements as all the same pathology, but in that it merely supports the status quo benefitting from existing arrangements.Hoffer himself expresses that this book is exaggerated in order to prove his point. It only proves the fact that Hoffer is a propagandist. That is what propagandists do: exaggerate. If it were an academic book it would offer far more evidence and balance. But this was intended for other purposes. Perhaps Hoffer is trying to start his own social movement: atomistic capitalism. He is no different from the National Association of Manufacturers during his time.Lastly, this book says very little of ACTUAL social movements, but is merely propaganda against political parties (including state communism). It says nothing about the Women's Suffrage movement or the abolitionists. Political parties are not social movements, though they sometimes originate from social movements (there is a distinction).And to those who use this to "Understand the Al Qaeda", I think you will learn little new or insightful. It is simple to dismiss the Al Qaeda as an example of mere social pathology without reading and understanding their actual grievances (and they do have actual grievances which deserve critical examination). It is that very mentality which prevents us from understanding terrorism and stopping it.
If you enjoy politics then this is the book for you. Be sure to pay attention to that man behind the curtain. I found the writing style to be rather labor-some but already knowing the basic story helped me to continue reading it. I always like to compare how well the movie followed the story line.
while I do like biographys, I just could not finish this book. was just not enough to hold my interest.
Raw is an unpleasing book. The recipes are obscure and hard to make. Crackers in a dehydrator, that takes 12 hours? Unless you have a lot of time on your hand, you wont be able to do some of the recipes.
The Author is to me a hypocrite... She goes on and on in this book about cheap chic and decor on a budget, decorating an entire apartment for under  1800 dollars, but on her site, it is nearly impossible to find furinutre  under $2000! The make overs turned perfectly fine apartments into rooms  loaded withe ugly 50s and 60s garbage. I would highly recommend the garage  sale decorator's bible by shelly kincad instead. It lacks photos, but the  info is wonderful!
I just finished reading this book, and all I can say is I'm relieved it is over. First of all, the book does not concentrate on the main character's love story. There is too much going on, too many characters, too many conflicts, and I think they were not handled skillfully. The book does not flow, the situations are boring and the characters artificial. I could not care much about any of them.A good romance novel, is supossed to make you feel, to create sexual tension, to engage the readers and make them sympathize with the characters and their problems, this book accomplish none for me.Besides, there were certain scenes that I did not like at all, for example, at the end when the author tries to redeem the villain by making him do a good deed at the end of his life. I am not going to say what it was, for those of you who have not read the book, but I feel that the deed should have been accoplished by the hero, not the villain.All in all, I found the book boring. I would advise you to save your money on this one.
While the concept of the story, taking two "modern" sisters (who may be related to Dorothy Gale) to the Land of Oz, is a wonderful idea, the execution of the story is not so wonderful.  Unlike the Ruth Plumly Thompson or Eric Shanowar stories, the development of new characters is mediocre at best; the opening plotline of the unicorns drags on interminably and the subsequent appearances of the traditional Oz characters is much too late in arriving.  The creation of new and unusual characters would have been welcome (besides the two sisters), but for the most part the story and characters are less than memorable.  The novel has obviously been left open for a sequel, and I am open to reading it if it should appear; hopefully, more thought will be given to a speedier plot, which the Baum and Thompson novels had.
I was very disappointed with the author's use of the f-bomb so frequently that it ruined an otherwise very compelling story for me.
I must not have read the same book as everyone else.  Either that or I just completely missed the boat.I could not even bring myself to finish this tiresome, tedious book.  I tried so hard to find a way to care what happened but just couldn't do it.  Jane Doe is the perfect name for the &quot;heroine&quot;.  Drivel, drivel, drivel characterizes her every appearance in this novel.  Jimmy Paz has potential but alas it goes unrealized.I didn't even bother to bring the book back from vacation.  I only hope some unsuspecting soul doesn't pick it up.
If I could have gone lower than 1 Star, I would have.....I'll start off by saying that I am a HUGE wrestling fan. I've never really been much of a Chyna fan- I could take her or leave her. I was, however, interested in learning how a woman was able to do something no other woman had ever done in the WWF- compete against the men. So I figured I'd give the book a try.First off, the book is obviously Ghost-Written. Not a big deal, if the words on the page seem like they could be coming out of the mouth of the book's subject.....I have seen dozens of hours of interviews with Joanie Laurer, and there is not ONE PAGE in this book that sounds like her. In reality, she comes off as a self-absorbed doofus craving attention. On the printed page, she's a poor man's Shakespeare. Add "Writer" Michael Angeli to my list of "names to avoid like the plague" at the bookstore. He hammers the reader with run-on sentences. The chronology of the book is a mess. Every sentence screams out with Angeli's pretentiousness. I could not envision ANY of these words coming out of Chyna's mouth.What does come out of her mouth is a non-stop orgy of self-congratulation, self-pity, mean-spirited digs, brown-nosing, and constant attempts to convince the reader (or is she really trying to convince HERSELF...?) how beautiful she is.I found her constant jabs at Walter "Killer" Kowalski to be really low. In the space of 20 pages she manages to constantly mock his accent, call him cheap, a money-grubber, mock his hairpiece, insinuate he has Head Lice(?).....nice way to repay the man who gave you your start. But then again, the whole book is about how everyone on the face of the Earth was against her....her only allies were boyfriend Triple-H (Who has since dumped her for a more conventional-looking female), and Boss Vince McMahon, the greatest human being on God's Green Earth....at least according to Joanie. (All the brown-nosing didn't help- he didn't renew her contract when it expired last year....he made Chyna, and he killed her off, too. Ironic.) We also get to read, ad-nauseum, about Joanie's horrific childhood.....her parents fought (SHUDDER....), her Mom yelled when Joanie broke her Stereo, her Mom had Four Husbands....boo-hoo-hoo. Things are tough all over, kid. I, and millions of other people, had rough childhoods. What about kids that had NO homes, NO parents, NOWHERE to turn....I really didn't appreciate her drama-queen representation of a childhood that was no worse than anyone elses.And the constant yammering on about how "Beautiful" she is....how all the boys wanted her in school- even the TEACHERS! Yeah....  Joanie, people aren't asking you if you're really a man because you're beautiful....I don't see people asking Gwyneth Paltrow that question. You're a curiousity. Nothing more, nothing less. Your 15 minutes are up, thank goodness.If I seem mean, it's because her book seemed mean. Chyna is nothing but a whining, spoiled ingrate. Grow up.
I think the age for the intended audience is way off.  I'm not sure if the publishing company, the author, or Amazon specifies the age range but this book seems suited for older children or children that have already had to deal with racism.  I'm glad I read this book before reading it to my kids, ages 5 and 7.Also, the author throwing in unrelated facts, like "I had a brother who was nine years older than me but he is dead" seems odd to me and would likely initiate more questions and such.I would urge parents to read the book first to see that it's appropriate for your child(ren).
I was totally immersed in Wally Lamb's first two novels, 'I know this much is true' and 'She's come undone' and kept waiting for his next novel.Well, finally, it arrived and I could not wait to get my teeth into it.What a disappointment!  I found it laborous and extremely difficult reading.  So much so, that a third of the way through, I gave up.  It reads more like a text book.  Maybe after writing non-fiction, he has lost his narrative appeal.  So sad.
Read: 6/12Rate: 2/56/12: Perfect 1600 Score: the 7 Secrets of Acing the SAT can be fascinating, repetitive, insightful, dull, useless, elitism, snobbish, useful, and pointless all rolled in one. To be honest with you, I've never taken the SAT in my life yet I hold three degrees. Why? Because the SAT means nothing. Do you want a simple royal road to success? Just go to a community college for two years, graduate with a degree, transfer to a 4 year university, and graduate with another degree in two years. Most will save tons of thousands of dollars by this way. For each degree I've earned, I graduated in the top 1%, overall and major. Taking the SAT has nothing to do with it. It's just a stupid test that is virtually meaningless. Moreover, you actually can transfer to any school in the country providing that you have successfully graduated from a community college with high enough GPA. Hmmm, after reading the book, I am actually interested in taking the SATs and see how I measure up. If I fail to get 1600 (or today, 2400 or whatever the perfect score is), what does that mean? Like I said, it's just a stupid test that is virtually meaningless. If one bombed the SAT absolutely and got one of the lowest scores possible yet he has earned millions of dollars in his lifetime afterwards, what does that mean? Like I said again, it's just a stupid test that is virtually meaningless. All in all, I wouldn't worry about the SATs if I were you, and no, your life isn't over if you bombed the SAT; the advices by the author of Perfect 1600 Score: the 7 Secrets of Acing the SAT are very ambivalent at best.
In CRYPTONOMICON, a massive (900 page) tome that interweaves plotlines of World War II codebreaking and modern-day data security, Neal Stephenson continues to explore how technology influences our lives and unlocks exotic futures. Stephenson's first novel concerning the advent of the digital era, 1991's SNOW CRASH, was a highly entertaining and satirical romp that I quite enjoyed. I found CRYPTONOMICON, however, disappointing.The basic gist of CRYPTONOMICON is that the actions of a handful of intelligence experts, led by USN Captain Lawrence Waterhouse, and a Marine, Bobby Shaftoe, to conceal from the Axis that they had broken ENIGMA affect the efforts of Waterhouse's grandson Randy, and several of his coworkers, to construct a &quot;data haven&quot; in SE Asia. This data haven would allow individuals to communicate in total privacy as well as pave the way to true electronic currency. Hidden Japanese and Nazi gold figures too, and Randy teams up with Shaftoe's granddaughter Amy in an adventure to increase shareholder value, avoid lawsuits, and save the world from future Holocausts. Does that sound complex? It is. CRYPTONOMICON is a large book, and although one may argue that 900 pages is a bit much, this book would have to be large no matter how tightly edited it was. Some of the book's bulk is due to cameos of key figures from the 1940's (Alan Turing gets mocked, Douglas MacArthur becomes a hilarious parody of himself), but I found these amusing.Nonetheless, CRYPTONOMICON is a bit foggy in its moral messages. Instead of using the word &quot;Japan,&quot; Stephenson always uses &quot;Nippon,&quot; thus instead of &quot;Japanese&quot; one finds &quot;Nipponese.&quot; It seems to at least this reader that Stephenson is trying to avoid blaming Japan for its actions in World War II as to not offend a Japanese audience for his book. Nonetheless, there are parts in the book where Stephenson does speak of the horrors inflicted by the &quot;Nipponese&quot; army in Nanking and New Guinea, so perhaps he isn't an apologist for imperial Japan. One other hazy moral point is that Stephenson draws short of outright criticism of US intelligence activites, and its most infamous organization the National Security Agency. He merely dances around the point that although fifty years ago codebreakers saved the world from Hitler, nowadays they are more dedicated to economic espionage and violating the privacy of individuals than serving democracy. These two issues should have been presented more clearly, so that the reader can see who is good and who is bad in each plotline of the book and in real-life. Stephenson does however give a delightful view of the McCarthy-ish creation of the NSA in Comstock's diatribe against &quot;communist homos,&quot; but it comes very late in the book and doesn't change the preceding 800 pages.For all its complex plot mechanics and geek subculture, CRYPTONOMICON is surprisingly lowbrow. There is an uncomfortable amount of profanity and pointless sex which is rather not like Stephenson. The book also lacks the wealth of gee-whiz ideas which characterize his earlier works. SNOW CRASH wasn't exactly great literature, but it did have a wide range of futuristic notions that are only now coming into being.Well, CRYPTONOMICON was certainly a let-down to me. For those unfamiliar with Neal Stephenson's writing, I would wholeheartedly recommend SNOW CRASH. For fans of Stephenson who wish to move on to CRYPTONOMICON, I would suggest waiting for its rumoured sequel to come out and seeing from its reviews whether the second volume makes the first worth reading.
Yeah, it's hard to get really wrapped up in insurance fraud, despite the pretty decent writing... the religious stuff is interesting, and there's a couple of REALLY killer scenes at the end of the book (the one with Don, the contract and the cell phone is awesome!)...
I had a hard time finishing this book because the plot and the characters were boring and lacked depth.Sarah Killian and her brother have been separated for seven years.  She went to school in the North and he to southern England.  He was only eight and she but twelve.  Sarah goes back to London when she discovers that her brother left school at the tender age of nine.  I found it almost implausible that it took six years for Sarah to learn of her brother's disapearance.  She has relatives in London, an overbearing cousin who takes her in only until Sarah can find a job as a governess.Sarah does want to work but wants to find her brother even more.  Quite coincidentally she finds someone who knows that her brother is in the seedy Seven Dials area where he used to pick pockets.  He also coincidentally saves her from a would be attacker (there are many, many coincidences in this book).  When Sarah finds her brother, he reveals that he had been working for the Saint of Seven Dials, a Robin Hood of London, and now Sarah's brother wants to take on the role since the Saint has retired.  Sarah fears for her brother and in a crazily not thought out scheme, she takes on the role of the Saint herself hoping her brother will believe the Saint has come out of retirement.Lord Peter has taken quite a shine to Sarah.  He is a war hero who has suffered much in the past.  He is convinced that the retired Saint was a traitor to the crown and tells Sarah his beliefs when she asks questions about the Saint.  Lord Peter perceives that Sarah is treated terribly by her relatives and wants to help her.  He has only known her for a week but feels compelled to be her protector. Sarah genuinely likes Peter but knowing his feelings toward the Saint, cannot disclose she has taken on the role of the London Robin Hood nor can she let on about her brother's past involvement with the Saint .Sarah has little trust in Peter although he is pretty open with her.  Sarah almost falls into the TSTL category.  She is self sacrificing for her brother which is noble but unable to see that there is no way she can steal once she is a governess and in charge of children.  This possible conflict never crosses her mind.  I wish both characters would have had more emotional depth.  Their conversations consisted of small talk with no real feelings until the final chapter of the novel.
Though I finished the book in 2 days, it wasn't great. For starters, it gets about halfway through the story and leaves you hanging. We have to wait for &quot;Abhorsen&quot; to read the ending. Mogget, though always dangerous, has changed a bit in personality, for the worst. I liked him better in Sabriel. Other parts were predictable, ESPECIALLY if you've read  &quot;Sabriel&quot; (Lirael's other Blood-type, Sameth's destiny--the biggest clue to this comes through Touchstone's own blood...). So, the best thing to do would be waiting until &quot;Abhorsen&quot; is out, so that you can read them both, one right after the other.  It is a good story, though, don't get me wrong (with very loveable characters, such as the Disreputable Dog). I'd just rather have been allowed to see the outcome, instead of being &quot;suspended&quot; in time.
If you do not like president Bush and you want to get off some steam, then this is the book for you. However, if you would like to read a reasoned critique of our society and, especially, our current administration, then you must look elsewhere. (For the record, I did not vote for Mr. Bush.) It is not only that the author is often exaggerating; he is also often wildly off the mark. Early in the book he spends a lot of time "showing" how the republican machine in Florida manipulated a few hundred votes here and there while he forgets entirely the over 100,000 votes cast for Mr. Nader in that state. He seems to forget that the U.S. presidential election system was designed to discourage third party candidates, and any time someone tries to run on a third party ticket there is the danger of thwarting the will of the majority. He is dismayed by the closeness of the two major parties but he forgets that this is the major cause of stability in our government.The book has the tone of a childish tantrum and while I found the author championing several of my own favorite causes I was dismayed by his shrill tone. With friends like him who needs enemies?...
Looks like I'm in agreement with the large numbers of other reviewers who had read Getting Over It and were hoping for something along the same vein. I have to say, though, that it was not the subject matter of anorexia that turned me off the book. Instead, it was the fact that the novel is simply a muddled mess. When I read a book, I expect at the very least for it to be edited well enough so that I know who's speaking in a dialogue between two or more characters! I didn't find any of the clever and witty writing in Ms. Maxted's sophomore effort that made Getting Over It such a pleasure to read (and no, I wasn't expecting Getting Over It Part II, just another pleasant diversion). And I'm really not expecting that much -- I go into the whole Bridget Jones spinoff genre with my eyes open, expecting the plots to be somewhat formulaic and predictable. Running in Heels was both of those things, but it lacked the insightfulness and wry humor that make the genre such a light little pleasure. If you're looking for books similar to Getting Over It, I'd have to recommend any novel by Marian Keyes over this one, or even one of Lisa Jewell or Jane Green's books.
If your student can use this advice, more power to him/her.  _Very_ few people will find it worthwhile.For example, one piece of advice is to have an insatiable intellectual curiousity.  Hey, that's good advice . . . for someone who already has it.  How exactly do you go about instilling such an attitude in a teenager who is not naturally/already that way?  It is obviously possible to _raise_ a child in that sort of environment, from a very early age, but how do you change their approach to learning midstream?More advice from the book: have a strong sense of self-worth and derive your motivation from within.  See my comments above for what I think about this bit.It's a bit like telling a 98 lbs. kid to simply "be bigger" in order to do well in sports.  Yes, it _is_ possible to work out and get bigger and put on mass or wait to grow larger . . . but that does not help the kid much right now when he or she has to play the game in just a couple of months (or less).Some things in the book, like an appeal for students to read voraciously, are good advice.  But it's a bit hard to work your freshman into a frenzy of self-directed learning-for-the-joy-of-it if they have not been raised that way.The book does a wonderful job of telling what you would look for if you wanted to _predict_ which students would do well on the SAT.  As for nuts and bolts how to actually achieve a higher score, this book is practically worthless.Go to a bookstore and check it out before buying.  If you still want it, come back here and go to town.  I think you'll find out that there are other resources out there that will provide more immediate advice.-------------------------One last note:  the questions on the back cover are great examples of how to misuse statistics.  For example, one question asks "What percentage of 1600 scorers went to public school?"  The answer is (if I remember correctly) about 80%.  Impressive, right?  Not when you realize that, in 2000, 95% of all high school students attended public schools .... This actually indicates that private schools are outperforming their expected numbers.  Other questionable statistics abound in the questions.While you're at it, pick up a copy of "Damned Lies and Statistics: Untangling Numbers from the Media, Politicians, and Activists" by Joel Best to help you spot these numbers abuses.
It took me 1 month to finish reading this book. It was a disappointment compared to his other novels. It's a waste of money and time.
I was touched by Lamb's work "She's Come Undone." I was incredibly moved by it. That was not the case with this novel. I had an awful time trying to read it. The plot was dull, I did not like the characters, and I was simply disappointed. This novel was also about 300 pages too long. I was beginning to think Lamb just wanted to write for writing's sake. I am aware that many people adored this novel, but I am not one of them.
Ugly Stepsister was the reading choice of my book club and it was roundly disliked.  The choice was based on the much better received Wicked, which I have not read.The book was extremely slow to start.  Although the characters were interesting, the writing itself was flat and uninspiring.  It took me four weeks just to get through the first 100+ pages.  By the date of the book club, seven weeks after I started the book, I still hadn't finished.  In fact, the only reason I finished it was that I'd promised my fellow club members I would.Our next book club read is Middle Sex (or Middlesex), which I hope is a better read.  I can't imagine it will be much less entertaining.  Thank goodness Harry Potter is being delivered next week so I can get the memory of Ugly Stepsister out of my head!
...in fact, some of these things are borderline abusive.Psychology studies have shown (*exhaustively*) that the strict-parent model doesn't work. Others, such as James Dobson, call this the punishing father model. They result in children who can't tell parents the truth, who learn to be manipulative, and in fact grow up to be abusive (emotionally or physically).Much better books are: Reviving Ophelia (a classic), anything by Alice Miller (one of the best post-Freudian psychologists alive today), and anything by Anne Wilson Schaeff.
Mr. Friedman decides he is going to restructure the meaning of the words in the Hebrew bible into a modern linguistic understanding of them. He picks the sentences apart in a grammatical way. Who says that the Torah was written in the way modern language is understood or written? His way of looking at the writings is from a modern day view and not as the ancient writer looked at it. Friedman must look at it from the point of view of the one who wrote it and to the people it was being written to. This is the problem with this new translation. The Torah writings have divine insight and therefore each Hebrew word may have a meaning not deduced by modern day linguistics. Friedman should not be translating the Torah as a literary work but as a religious spiritual work. This is where he fails miserably. The Torah is not like other pieces of literature. It is a divine communication written down by man to  teach to the Children of Israel and humankind! The Hebrew words were chosen carefully by the ancient writers to reveal information from the wisdom of the creator. Mr. Friedman does not accept or respect the ancient Rabbinical and even modern Rabbinical translations and interpretations of the Hebrew bible. He is giving a secular view and therefore misguided view of the writings. If you are looking for the true word of G-d you won't find it hear!
i knew it wasn't the same caliber as "she's come undone" from reading other reviews, but was still disappointed. there is WAY too much in here...columbine, drug addiction, katrina, war, suicide, alcoholism, sexual abuse. it became peversely amusing to see what would be thrown in next. and i just never grew to care all that much about the characters. save your money...
This was my first Ursula K. LeGuin novel, and my last. After reading this I have no clue why she's gotten so much acclaim over the years. It reads like a sorry attempt to be Philip K. Dick (a genuine genius). It's a good  idea poorly executed. I had to force myself to finish it.Maybe I should  have tried The Left Hand of Darkness instead.
i hated all the preaching and negative slurs.  she is too uptight and conserative. hated it.
I can't help thinking about those poor trees slaughtered for printing this book!!!This is the silliest and faultiest book I've read in years. It's an insult to the intelligence of readers and an insult to women. The pseudo-scientific tone with lots of statistics is just a disguise for a weak and biased thesis. Logical fallacies abound and the notes are a mess.Here's my interpretation of Wolf's ideas: Beauty is a very recent thing invented by men, women's magazines, the cosmetics industry and the plastic surgeons. It's an invention aimed at keeping women busy and unhappy. Since women are much more productive than men are, men would succeed in keeping women out of the power structure by keeping them busy in trying to look pretty. By keeping women unhappy for not being as pretty as the models in the magazines the cosmetic and plastic surgery industry would make billions of dollars by taking ever increasing shares of women's paychecks. Wolf ends the book with a sort of manifesto in which she invites all women to slow down with the grooming in order to free themselves from the tyranny of men, cosmetics and plastic surgeons. Ugly women of the world unite - she could have written.Now the problems with the theory:* Beauty is not a new inventionIt's not even a human invention. For more details on this check Desmond Morris' books such as The Naked Ape or Intimate Behavior or check the excellent Nancy Etcoff's Survival of the Prettiest.* Women have brainsMen, women's magazines, plastic surgeons and the cosmetic industry cannot control the minds of over three billion women. If that sort of control were possible the ice-cream industry would use it as well and promote fat as beautiful therefore increasing tenfold its sales.* The idea that women can unite against the "Beauty Myth" is tremendously naive. The reason why women use beauty as a strategy is because it works. If a significant part of the female population were to listen to Wolf's ideas and stop grooming themselves the rewards for the few women who would ignore the manifesto would be very high. With the increase in the number of women following Wolf the reward for not following her would grow exponentially since there would be less competition for men or whatever other reward there is for looking pretty. It would be an unstable system and very soon it would fall apart.The book is very weird. At a certain point, just out of the blue, the author states that she is still a virgin. Her virginity is not my business, actually nobody's business other than her own so why declare it? It sounds like Britney Spears. Now for me, reading on a book written by a Doctoral candidate a statement that she is still a virgin sends alarm bells going off everywhere.On another weird chapter the author gets very personal and describes again out of the blue how she became anorexic by the age 13 and all the suffering that followed. I take that as an insurance policy - you might not like my book but if I tell you how much I have suffered you might at least like me.Take my advice, save your money, save your time, and, for God's sake, save those innocent trees. Look around and get yourself a better book.
This is more like a &#34;coffee table&#34; book.  I haven't even started reading it because it's too cumbersome.  Sorry I purchased.
Why was it interesting? It was interesting to me in the suspension of belief sort of thing. But the anthropology was hard to follow and more than I cared to follow about west african mojo. Jane's journal was very personal in an unpleasant out-of-her-mind way. The olo, ifa, ulene stuff was over-detailed and forced me to work too hard to decipher the plot in all of it. The author's expression of Jane's mind was unsettling and the racism of the book was too guilt-ridden. It was a little scary when Witt would "come" for her - that's a good thing. But in the end I was disappointed that the entire story was just about the magic and suspension of western beliefs. Certainly an intelligent writer, and intelligence appreciated. But this book was not my cup of tea.
Hello everyone.  Early this year i was on the Zone for 6 months, and i followed it perfectly.  I did lose body fat, but i also noticed i lost my muscle.  Even though i lifted weights 3 times/week, i was LOSING muscle.  So i decided to actually calculate how many calories i was eating per day.  It came out to 1,500.  No wonder i was losing muscle!  According to the American College of Sports Medicine, men should not dip below 1,800 calories in a day or else their lean body mass won't be sustained.  So in essence, i lost fat and muscle.  Girls weren't looking at me and saying "ooh, look at that hot guy over there with a flat tummy and no muscle."  Let's face it.  Women like to see some mass on a guy.  Since June, i've done a lot of research into nutrition and now i am burning solely fat, no lean body tissue at all.  I've increased my daily calories to 2,100, kept up with weight-training, and added 5 days/week of cardio.  At first i was worried that with all that cardio, i'd lose muscle, but i'm not.  As long as the calorie deficit isn't exaggerated and you lift weights, it's unlikely you will lose muscle when you add a good amount of cardio.So even though the Zone claims to be a non-calorie counting method of dieting, that's deceitful in my mind because you ARE reducing your calories--way too much.When you reduce calories excessively and for prolonged periods, you're going to get hungry.  And i was hungry all the time.  In addition, your body starts to hold onto the fat it has because it thinks you're starving.  After 2 months of the Zone, my fat loss pretty much stopped because my metabolism had slowed down.There is one positive thing to say about the Zone: it encourages you to drink plenty of water and to eat only healthy foods.  Just not enough of it.  If a book recommends anything less than 1,800 calories for men and 1,200 calories for women, don't buy it.  You'll lose muscle and your fat loss will halt after a couple of months and you'll be hungry and not keep up with the plan.Who has the best bodies out there?  Fitness models and bodybuilders.  They have single digit bodyfat.  You know how they do it?  They stay within recommended caloric limits by the American College of Sports Medicine, they lift weights, and they do cardio(and lots of it!)  The Zone showed me what healthy foods are, but that's about all it did.  For long-term results, stay away.
This book was very highly praised and I very much looked forward to reading it. I liked its anti-war message and theme. It was a good analogy for how alien and lost veterans of war must feel when they return home.But I have to say overall I was very disappointed. It seemed very dated. Its depictions of sex were juvenile and overdone and didn't really add anything to the story. I found there was nothing in the story that gripped me and kept me turning pages, wanting to find out where it was going, and what was going to happen next.If you like a good strong plot, then look elsewhere.
I can add this book to the list of books that I have started to read and cannot bring myself to finish.  I ordered this book because the author was compared to David Sedaris (an author that I read because he was compared to Augusten Burroughs - who is the funniest) but found out that she is nothing like Sedaris unless you compare her to one of his earlier works-which are not funny either.Not only did I find this author unable to make me laugh, I did not smile once or even find a mildy amusing sentence.  I cannot even give you an instance of a stupid anecdote because they are ALL so boring that I cannot remember one.Save your money - borrow from the library.  I picked up "The Other Boleyn Girl" the other day and find it extremely interesting and well written - not funny but worth a look.
OK, first of all, I loved Moore's 'Roger and Me', and like Moore's sense of humor.  However, he doesn't hold much back here and the result is a full showing of his true colors.If you want to read a real downer, here it is. The economy is in trouble, our environment is sickly, our energy crises has never been worse, public relations are in shambles, and unless we get Bush out of the office we are in a hopeless situation.  If a person wasn't firmly grounded in reality one would think it's the end of the world!  Everything you thought was OK -- he trashes.Moore's writing style, humor, and critiques are more in line with WWF showmanship than real arguments.  As a result, he offers a paltry, but entertaining read. However, if you're looking for something a bit more weighty and serious, look elsewhere.Moore is serious about ousting Bush.  On what grounds?  Well, not much outside of the fact that Moore doesn't care for Bush's moderate policies.  Moore is a fringe liberal who can't stand the idea of free-markets, capitalism, and competition -- and he would tell you that. (and does in this book)He rants on about how America is no longer able to hold free and fair elections.  Who is he kidding?  We need the U.N. to step in and help us?  With sentiments like this, who can take him seriously? (I mean apart from a serious and good comedian.)Moore's book flies directly in the face of the majority of Americans, and slaps along the way.  He pounds Bush - mercilessly - all while Bush enjoys a 70% approval rating.  Just when all the mud thrown during the elections has settled, here's Moore throwing his own dirt.  It's funny enough, but chapter after chapter gets a bit tiresome.One thing Moore gets right is that Americans are upset about the situation in America.  What he doesn't get right is the source of their frustration.  He makes it sound like Americans are mad at being able to live in a free country and a land of opportunity.  He ignores the fact that Americans are sick of paying high taxes, sick of paying high dollars for foreign oil/gas, sick of government regulation, sick of additional/unnecessary legislation, sick of social programs mired in bureaucracy, and sick of an education system which gets worse every year.  If he wants something to jump up and down on, try these issues.
I can't believe that I actually purchased this piece of crap.  I'm ashamed of myself.  If anyone wants this for free just let me know because I'll be happy to send it off.  This was nothing more than an OLD rock band rehashing.  There was no insight that no one already didn't know.  I don't even really like the band itself, but someone had told me this was an interesting look on what it was to be in a band.  If that's the case.. you can keep this crap.
I picked up this book and even after first page I was like "What? Who said that? Who replied that? What does this have to do with the story? Huh?" after twenty more pages I was totally lost. I never even finished it. Why read a book you can't even understand? Some books are boring, but at least you can understand what's going on. I can't even say that much for this book.
Tallulah! is the 600 page biography of famed actress Talullah Bankhead (1902-1968) by Joel Lobenthal. The author has done his homework interviewing people who knew the controversial star; researching in exhausting details each stage and movie production in which the actress appeared and doing yeoman's work on details of her life.Tallulah was born to a prominent Alabama family. Her mother died giving her birth. Her father was an alcoholic who never was close to his daughters Eugenia and Tallulah. He served as Speaker of the US House of Representatives while her Uncle John was a US Senator from Alabama. Tallulah never finished high school. Her dream was to star on the New York Broadway stage. She was not close to her family though she sometimes wished to seduce the public into thinking she was.Tallulah appeared on Broadway for many years and was a hit in London during the 1920s. Many of her appearances were in mediocre drawing room comedies. She did add luster to her career with starring turns in such plays as "Jezebel:; "A Streetcar Named Desire"; "Dark Victory"; "The MilkTrain Doesn't Stop Here Anymore,"; "The Little Foxes" and "Private Lives"among a slew of others over a fifty year career.Bankhead did few films; the most notable being Alfred Hitchcock's "Lifeboat". She had a photographic memory on learning lines and was a competent if not great actress. Bankhead also appeared on radio and television. She always stayed busy keeping the demon of her death wish and deep depressions at bay. She drank heavily and could be considered an alcoholic. Bankhead took drugs; was an exhibitionist and cursed like a sailor. She had countless lovers at one point telling a pal she had slept with 185 people of both sexes. She married once to an actor but it failed to last. Among her lovers were Jock Whitney,Leonard Bernstein,Burgess Meredith and anyone she could get in bed. She was a classic nyphomaniac.Bankhead could be rude, abrasive and cruel to her fellow actors. She could also be kind, forgiving and loving. She was a liberal Democrat who hated Communism. She had a keen intellect and loved to learn new things nad meet interesting people. Hers was a life of careless, reckless hedonism whose only discipline was found on stage. Today, she is largely forgotten by the current generation while her number one rival Betty Davis is still revered.Lobenthal's writing style is dull, leaden and overly detailed. He should have  focused more on all the wit,charm and horror of the life of this gifted actress and very flawed woman.  The author's research is superb. His subject is less than attractive in her manic personality.
I read this book, actually started thumbing thru the text it was so raunchy.  I thought women only gossiped.  This weirdo tries to ruin other peoples careers by dishing their dirt like an Enquirer.  What a disturbed blob.  Let see, how can I ruin this person's entire life's work with a few paragraphs of my blabbering opinions trying to make myself feel not so disgusting and worthless?  That is what it is all about, making yourself feel better at other peoples expense and trying to make a few bucks in the process.
I looked at this book when I first got it and decided the receipes were not anything I would ever make  I sent the book back because it is too technical  example  What the hell  is a reconstituted mushroom?
Don't waste your money on this deeply unhelpful book, unless you're trying to build a library of &quot;everything-you-do-is-wrong&quot;- style parenting books.
I tried twice - kept thinking it must get better. But it didn't - not for me. I just couldn't make myself finish it, and ALWAYS make myself finish books!!
There are a lot of better rock autobiograhies out there at the moment. This one is very unfocused and you do not really get to understand what it really is about. The photos from his booth are interesting though but also do not make sense. A shame.
Diet, exercise, make-up, orthodontia, Rogaine, plastic surgery, well-chosen clothes...Do whatever it takes to be beautiful! It's an eternal value, not something invented by Madison Avenue. As you grow old, just pray your erudition, compassion, and material success compensate for your accumulating wrinkles."Beauty is one of the rare things that do not lead to doubt of God."  --Jean AnouilhA recovered anorexic and grad school virgin, Naomi Wolf is stuck in a 1960s and 70s victim-mongering feminism. Even Wolf soulmate and "Backlash" author Susan Faludi started to see that female beauty confers intimidating status and sympathize with the powerlessness of men in her latest book "Stiffed" (1999)."I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep.  That's deep enough.  What do you want--an adorable pancreas?"  --Jean KerrWhen Susan Brownmiller, Germaine Greer, and Betty Friedan wrote about women's belittling mistreatment 30 or 40 years ago, it was called for. MUCH has happened since then. Naomi Wolf missed the train. Women are now 60% of North American college students and climbing.  They're at the center of families and enjoy custody privileges when a family breaks up.  They live seven years longer than men and have much lower rates of alcoholism, drug addiction, suicide, learning disabilities, mental retardation, and disorders such as autism and hemophilia.  If a woman is beautiful besides, this is icing on the cake."Beauty is an ecstasy; it is as simple as hunger.  There is really nothing to be said about it.  It is like the perfume of a rose:  You can smell it and that is all."  --Somerset MaughamNaomi Wolfe should go have chi tea and hommus with Andrea Dworkin (followed by a game or two of Scrabble?). They can picnic in the shadow of the Ugly Tree from which one of them fell (Ms. Dworkin) and commiserate about how vicious men are. They can then go off and be "roommates" together in a grass hut, away from all that men have done to culture--like the telephone, the computer, the airplane, and electric light."Everything ugly weakens and afflicts man.  It recalls decay, danger, impotence; he actually suffers a loss of energy in its presence."  --Friedrich Nietzsche[...]P>"Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion.  Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature."  --Camille Paglia
While the transaction was fine, the book did not work for me. Lots of character names, nothing engaging.
There are a number of problems with this audio tape. They are:a) Content is very outdated. The original copyright was 1973 while the latest, on the audio tape box, was 1996. Despite this 23 year difference there are no modifications for almost anything that has happened in terms of either the financial markets, historically, since that time nor (more importantly) have their been any additiions for the large number of financial instruments that permit portfolio diversification (i.e., mutual funds are barely discussed, ETFs, indexing and foreign stocks and finacial instruments are not even mentioned). How can it be 2007 with not a mention (or bare mention of any of these?b) No discussion of portfolio theory and the importance of diversification.c) Stock analysis is primarily geared to manufacturing company. For example, the analysis on the importance of book value is geared exclusively to manufacturing and inventory carrying businesses. The concept of intellectual property is not even mentioned in passing.d) No discussion of economic or financial market history since early 1970s. In addition, no mention of financial markets outside the U.S. (or world outside of the US for that matter).e) Very limited financial discussion on financial ratios and the few there are are limited to manufacturing companies.f) Emphasis in stock analysis is primarily on Dow Jows Industrials. Not much of a world outside that exists in terms of book's discussion.One can obtain much more useful information on stock analysis and investment in almost any introductory level undergraduate text on finance.There are two reasons it is to be given even one star. One is that it discusses some stock market history from WWI period to early 1970s. The second is that it was "cutting edge" for many years since it was first published. It thus provides some historical perspective on stock analysis (i.e., especially the analysis on manufacturing companies, almost no technology or intellectual property discussed, etc.). This alone is worth the one star as it will make one think how much of what is currently "mainstream" or "cutting edge" in stock/finance investment will become just as obsolete in another 30 years.
I'm a fan of Elizabeth Bevarly but this book was just not my cup of tea.  I felt like the reviewer who couldn't finish it, except that once I've invested time, I hate to put a book aside.  On the positive side, the hero (Ramsey Sage) I liked very much.  (He's the typical, long-haired bad-boy).  I was never invested at ALL in Claire (his love interest).  She seemed kind of blah and milque-toast-y.  The parallel love story between Claire's best friend, Olive and Davis Webster (a male social worker) also did NOT work for me at all, mostly because of the description of Webster.  He dresses like a circus clown (in Hawaiian shirts and red high-top sneakers)--not my idea of a hottie, no matter how much his face is sculpted.  Plus, the WHOLE ENTIRE BOOK is made up of one secret after another.  Everyone is keeping a secret (some of which are too serious for light reading, like being in the witness protection program).  I'm always concerned when I pick up a book and the reviews say something like, &quot;Praise about (insert author's name&quot;, which this book did on the front cover.  That's sort of the kiss of death--like she's a good writer, but this one is not good enough to say anything GOOD about.  Anyway ... I still like her writing and will, no doubt, read her future offerings but this one really fell short for me.
While I am a fan of Ms. Roby's - this did not measure up.  This book was very boring and had no ending.  There was not a worthwhile plot and the characters were not developed.  Casting The First Stone needs to be the benchmark.
This book was just awful.  Two stars for creative approach only.  I LOVED Wicked (all three) and Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister, and I forced my way through this out of some miguided? sense of loyalty, and the vain hope that it would turn out to be great after all.  Ugh, it didn't.  It was slow, dull and ultimately not satisfying.  Definitely not up to the thought-provoking standard I have come to expect from Gregory Maguire.  Skip this one...
Since I hated the first book, I'm not entirely sure which evil demon possessed me to buy the sequel and I wish I hadn't bought it. Oh well. At least I waited for it to come out in paperback. And at least I certainly won't be buying the third book.About six weeks ago, fourteen-year-old Mia Thermopolis found out she was the Crown Princess of Genovia and sole heir to the Genovian throne. This new diary begins with her mother announcing that she is pregnant. The father of the baby is Mia's algebra teacher, no less, and she is going to marry him. How humiliating! What's a girl to do?Then Mia's grandmother pretty much forces her to do this interview on national television. Naturally, Mia botches it in front of the entire world. Among other things, she lets slip that her mom is pregnant -- something her mother wanted to keep a secret for awhile. When Grandm&eacute;re finds out, she immediately hijacks the plans for Mia's mother's wedding and totally changes them, inviting a whole bunch of celebrities such as Donald Trump. Also, Mia is recieving email messages from a secret admirer who calls himself "JoSeeRox".This book is just as contrived as the original, and so comic it's strained beyond belief. Mia is every bit as whiny and annoying as she was in the previous novel. I cannot understand why this series is so popular!
Michael Moore said he is an independent, not a Democrat, but this was exposed as just one of his lies when it was shown that he in fact is a Democrat. In 2004, he has veered from plain ol' anti-Americanism to Kerry's best hope. He is part of the &quot;new religion&quot; of modern media technology and is an example that works against his theme, which is that he is a censored artists, silenced by a Big Brother of corporate Republicans.Moore said Disney censured him by not distributing &quot;Fahrenheit 9/11&quot;, but this is another lie. Their agreement was to help him produce it, never to distribute it. He used that line only to further the myth that he was restrained by corporate interests and found a huge distributor, Miramax. It was all part of his plan. Disney released another documentary, &quot;The Heart and Soul of America&quot;. &quot;Heart&quot; made no attempt to discredit &quot;Fahrenheit&quot;. It simply is an affirmation of true, good facts about this great nation. Moore called it the work of &quot;right wing extremists,&quot; which is like calling reporters who wrote about the Yankees' fourth World Championship in three years in 2000 &quot;Yankee propagandists.&quot; Speaking of things in New York, Moore expressed anger at the terrorists who bombed the World Trade Center. That makes sense, but wait. He was frustrated that they chose to kill New Yorkers, since the Democrats are strong in the Big Apple. He would have preferred Osama to have killed people in a Republican stronghold. New evidence has surfaced that anti-American Leftists plan to disrupt law enforcement during the Republican convention. The Left is not just a &quot;useful idiot&quot; of terror but an accomplice. Is commentary really necessary?Moore is, in reality, an example of how, as America has become the dominant power in world history, our themes - freedom of press, of expression, of dissent - are not censured but allowed to magnify.What the Left does not understand is that the likes of Moore do damage to the Democrats, and are of great value to the Republicans. They forget that their anti-war protests in the 1960s did not win them any elections but gave them instead Nixon and Reagan landslides. Actually, they may understand it, but they are obsessive-compulsives who cannot control their impulses.While Moore is not part of mainstream Hollywood, he is certainly part of the dominant media culture that the film industry embodies. Moore's documentaries get bravura responses from Hollywood and Cannes.What Hollywood just does not understand is what kind of economic windfall they would reap if they made conservative-theme films. If they depicted the bad politicians as actual Democrats, the word of mouth among conservatives would fuel boffo box office. On the few occasions when they stray to the right, as in the &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; franchise, they reap a whirlwind of success.What Democrats do not grasp is that Moore is a terrible role model, and that true knowledge of who he is, combined with the fact that he is a spokesman for their party (whether he owns up to it or not) is simply a negative reflection of that party. This fact is obvious on its face and needs no commentary from the right. I will offer more anyway.For years, Moore's work has been discredited, whether it be his documentaries or his books. Those who have seriously studied his work have consistently found him to be a liar in the main. He is a propagandist who takes 15 percent of truth, 70 percent lies and 15 percent exaggeration, and attempts to foist it off as journalism. The fact that he is a darling of the Left is as telling a true statement of their wacko views as any. Moore is the torch-carrier of Emma Goldman. He wishes he was Hunter Thompson, a gonzo journalist and a real talent, but he is a pale imitation.To believe Moore's &quot;Fahrenheit 9/11&quot; (the title stolen without permission from Ray Bradbury's &quot;Fahrenheit 451&quot;), one must accept the fact that George Bush knew about 9/11 ahead of time; allowed it in cahoots with Osama bin Laden and the Saudi royal family in order to justify the long-desired American invasion of the Middle East; spirited bin Laden's legitimate family out of the country because they were part of the plot (which would be done to bring oil profits to the Bush family while satisfying their personal vengeance against Saddam for attempting to kill Bush 41). The fact that Bush 41 invaded Kuwait to oust Saddam in 1991, then left without the so-called oil grab, combined with the fact that Bush 43 is in the process of leaving Iraq without the so-called oil grab (again), are just the first two of 6,778 pieces of factual evidence that have been determined by the world to discredit Moore's work as lies.After &quot;Fahrenheit 9/11's&quot; first weekend, the liberal press hit us with big headlines telling us that it &quot;broke records&quot; and is reaching the largest audience in history, selling out theatres and influencing the election. It may have sold out theatres, but only because it played in a limited number of art houses. The fact is, it made $21 million. &quot;The Passion of the Christ&quot; made $117 million in its first weekend. The truth is that &quot;Fahrenheit&quot; finished with the 228th best opening weekend ever, just behind &quot;Lara Croft: Tomb Raider&quot;. They were right about one thing, though. It will influence the election. In favor of Bush.Still, Moore is a hero of the Left. Because of all the historical reasons cited herein, because they are desperate and see their only source of joy, political power, being pulled away from them more and more each day, they are beyond the Truth. They lie, and we have little choice but to be merciful for those who lie. This charade, however, is getting tiresome.These Truths remain self-evident. Res ipsa loquiter.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF &quot;BARRY BONDS:&quot; BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN&quot;STRAVERSCA@AOL.COM
Great premise. Unusually opaque for this author; the middle third is rushed and muddled.  I will read it again and see if I missed something.
I normally love Kleypas's books and have given many of them 4 or 5 starts.  But this one was just really not up to par.  The whole marrying someone old enough to be your dad theme is not a turn on at all.  There was also too much politics.  And you really didn't understand why the H/H loved each other.  Max saw Lysette and that was it, they will get together without knowing much about each other at all.  I didn't even finish the book and just skimmed through to the end.  If you really want to read this book, get it from the library, it's not worth spending $$ on.
Michael Gruber, Topic of Night (Morrow, 2003)The number of superlative adjectives that have been thrown around in relation to this book is nothing short of amazing. I should have realized, however, when Martin Cruz Smith's blurb on the front compared it to Smilla's Sense of Snow that I was in for a long, somewhat boring read. To be fair, it does pick up towards the end.We open with Jane Doe, a woman who ironically, in order to hide herself, had to take another name (her real name is, in fact, Jane Doe). She's hiding from her husband, for reasons we are not made privy to until much later. Meanwhile, detectives Jimmy Paz and Cletis Barlow are working on a particularly gruesome murder in Overtown, a lower-class Miami neighborhood. Of course, these two things tie together somewhere down the line.The main problem with the book is that it takes everything way, way too long to tie together. Gruber is in desperate need of a few classes on how to pace a thriller; the first three hundred pages of this just-over-four-hundred-page novel are setup. Which, when done right (cf. Palliser's The Quincunx, with over twice the amount of setup), can be just as gripping as the actual action, but here it's not done right in the least. We switch back and forth between Jane in the present, Jane in the past as revealed through her journals, and Paz/Barlow's investigation. Of the three, the last is the only one that really works. These chapters speed by, leaving the reader wanting more. The stuff that comes between, well, that can end at any time. But it never seems to, it just keeps going on and on.Once the storylines mesh, the pace picks up. The problem here is that at this point the book becomes predictable. Gruber has set everything up in such a way that you're no longer faced with a mystery, but he still has pieces of that mystery to unveil. Unfortunately, as is the case in most mysteries that fail, the reader's figured out the final pieces long before the characters do. (The addition of a completely unrelated red herring at the end is almost painful in its amateurism, and it screams "red herring" from the get-go, even though Gruber tries to keep us believing it's the real deal until the book's final page.)About the only thing to like about the book is the characterization, and in at least one case, we find out that Gruber has characterized one of his characters the way he has for the sole purpose of filling in a plot twist; given that, the astute reviewer is suddenly faced with a dilemma. Is good characterization that only serves to throw in a plot twist still good characterization? I have no idea. But I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt, since most of the main characters are well-drawn enough. The minor characters, however, are little more than stereotypes (and stereotype also rears its ugly head in Paz' character, though that, too, seems to be there in order to provide dramatic tension at a certain point).All in all, I can't recommend it. There are many, many better thrillers to be found out there. Those who considered this book too slow, I'd point you in the directions of Douglas E. Winter's Run and Jack Priest's Ragged Man.
I'm a little late reviewing this book, but I thought I'd drop my two cents in the mix. This is my first experience with any of Jerry Stahl's work, and I have to say it's probably going to be my last.Pain Killers starts out interesting and readable, albeit twisted and sadistic. As the book goes along, it gets more absurd and in less of a good way. In that respect, the book loses it's "charm." I was able to finish it, but in the end it was forgettable for its over-the-top antics with a lack of good wit to match. Not my cup of tea.
I enjoyed reading this book, but at the same time, felt sadness. Cynthia Rylant did a good job of capturing some of the spirit from the other books, but I feel that the reason Laura herself didn't write about this time in her life is because she wanted to forget it. The family experienced so much sadness during this time and maybe she didn't want others to know about it. While reading it, I just kept thinking about how Laura would feel if she knew people were reading this.I first received the complete set  of Little House books when I was 9. I'm 30 now & still read the complete set every fall. I won't put this book with my precious & well-worn set because I will never consider it a real part of the series.
This story is very unrealistic as only a story about talking animals can be.  The author repeatedly refers to Louis' lack of a voice as defective.  I would have preferred if Louis was labeled as just different instead of defective.  Some things seem to come out of nowhere, for example, when Sam just figures out that Louis wants to learn to read and write.  Sam must be telepathic!  The first grade teacher that teaches Louis how to read and write, makes it seem so simple.  This could be frustrating for children to see a swan pick up so easily something, that is really complex and involves a lot of interweaving skills.  Louis has a lot of good  qualities, but he seems to get a little depressing.  Some portions of this book are gender biased and stereotypical.  For example, when a teacher talks of girls solving a math problem that involves feeding babies.  Boys can't feed babies?  In addition, the author makes statements such as, musicians always need money.  I tired of these constant general statements of the author's opinion.  The boys camp also supports the naked swimming of children, counselors, and the head master of the camp together.  This seems inappropriate for today's day and age.  I might read this when doing a study of the great E.B. White, but not for it's literary value.
A heaping helping that made me want to throw up, that is.  Michael Moore needs to go to writing school instead of bowling for Columbine in his quest to repeal the 2nd Amendment.This is the best country on the planet and if Michael doesn't like it and its "stupid white men" and their "sorry excuses", then he needs to high tail it out of here to socialist Canada where he and his birds of the same feather can flock together -  with no guns, no immigration or border policy, & total chaos.
This book is interesting, but the way it's written is boring.  It goes on and on, in a flat tone; run on sentences.  I didn't finish it.
The Simmons I love is the one in Hyperion, Summer of Night, and The Terror. Stories with a good balance of good underlying ideas for the plot, exceptional character development, and phiolosophical themes. The stories in Worlds Enough have only one of them: philosophy. Lots and lots of it. There is so little else going on than one wonders why doesn't Simmons just write a non fiction philosophical book and get it out of his system already. The last story in particular was so dull I couldn't wait for it to end. The others were mostly Zen riddles, you know, the kind that leaves you scratching your head wonderig what the heck did you just read? The only passable one was the story set in the Hyperion universe, which earns the few stars I am giving.
I'm a Zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown.  Two major problems with this worthless book:1. Almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading.2. I find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes, and thought they were *good*!  Most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables.  I mean, an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus???
I just finished reading this book, complaining the whole way how I did not like it.  I should have put it down, but I thought it had to get better at some point.  There was too much sex (graphic sometimes)and no substance.  While You Were Gone by Sue Miller was better.
This passionless novel follows three young girls from elementary school until a senseless act ends some lives and ruins the remaining ones.Unfortunately,  this book is peopled by unintersting and cliched characters. There are too many characters, the girls, their sterotypical parents, ie, the rich, the hippies, the immigrants; the exboyfriend, the gay kid,  the assorted high school groups shamelessly lifted from every tiresome teen movie/tv show going.  None of them has any particular depth.Although this book masquerades as a police mystery, it really is a shallow exploitation of the recent and tragic spate of school violence. The actual event itself turns out to be a stupid accident as opposed to a demonstration of pathology. It appears that the author is afraid to make any of her characters really bad or really disturbed  The police officer does little other  than resist the advances  of the hot guidance counselor and wonder why one of the girls appears to be lying to him. By the time the "mystery" is disclosed, the reader really doesn't care.  Skip this superficial exercise and read one of the author's earlier books.
Not anything like the classic movie! I was surprised at all the extra parts of the book that the movie does not have in it.
the book started out really strong. stories (vignettes/chapters/whatever) about her childhood and crap that happened to her. not like, abuse, but seeing a fat girl at summer camp receive head--stuff like that.and then it degenerated into a mommy blog.i can't get pregnant. blah infertility. blah we're pregnant. blah we went on vacation and my son doesn't love the boob. blah he loves it again.frankly, i don't care.interspersed with the baby crap, there were some stories about her grandma and her alzheimers. those were good.i could have done with a lot more grandma stories or childhood stories and a lot less about pregnancy and having a kid.the stuff that wasn't baby related was really good though.
This was an ordinary book that only was finished because there wasn't another book to read. I wish the entire book would of been as well written as the ending.
I love banned books. I remember reading The Satanic Verses when it was first published (of course, at the time I didn't understand the book or the controversy) and a slew of other banned titles. But controversy strictly for controversy's sake is silly. Case in point: this book. It starts out pretty good-The Lovely Bones-like, narrated by a dead teen named Billy Bartholomew, who dies in a freak accident involving quadruple-stacked sheetrock (note-gyp board comes in four foot by eight foot panels, which would logically be leaned in the short direction, which makes his cause of death monumentally unlikely-but don't get me started) but hangs around (21 grams worth at least) to help his fourteen-year-old best friend, Eddie Proffit, deal with the death of his friend and father (in an almost as unlikely accident three weeks prior). Turns out that Eddie seems substellar in the academic realm, but is, in fact, exceedingly smart. Unfortunately, only Billy and his father, smart guy turned school janitor, know it. Eddie, trying to come to terms with loss in his own way, is thrust into the limelight when thrown (by his mom) to the sharks-the Christian church (cue Jaws music), by way of a pushy, meddling, bible-thumping minister with a religiously-twisted past (in one of the most ridiculous scenes of the book-p166-Mom admonishes him for playing with matches by holding a lighter near his fingers and screaming for him to `PRAY TO JESUS!' to avoid having them burned) named Reverend, (p 68) "African Americans wear the marks of Cain" Tarter. Of course, in an entirely white, small northern Idaho town (population 3,065), church and state are hopelessly intertwined and so the Reverend happens to also be a Bear Creek High School English. Eddie's interactions with Reverend Tarter as a youth, in the form of his questioning the logistics of (and logic behind) certain bible stories including that of Jonah and the Whale and Moses parting the Red Sea, are among the more tolerable parts of the story. But instead of just pushing the envelope, Crutcher feels compelled to rip it to shreds, going so far as to insert HIMSELF in the story as (drum roll please)...a controversial author of books often banned (what a shocker), specifically, one entitled Warren Peece, which covers the very things that The Sledding Hill tackles, primarily religion and homosexuality. It is assigned as mandatory reading but promptly withdrawn after protests are filed about its content. The students are able to finish reading the story in spite of being forced to return the books. Things come to a head when Eddie (under the pretext of reciting the testimony required for him to be baptized into the church) surprises everyone with a speech outing himself as a spy for the anti-banners and Reverend Tarter as the mastermind behind the banners. Chris Crutcher even shows up in the flesh to help save the day!Whatever happened to the art of subtlety?Although Crutcher's writing (ultra-controversy aside) occasionally verges on pretty good, he seems a bit too focused on his self-promotion as Highly Ban-able Author. And there is no excuse for misspelling the name of (p 150) Stephen Hawking. Skip this one in favor of the hundreds of better-written books, which can be found at, among other places, the American Library Association site.
If this is a history book, then it is substandard, in my view.  If it is a novel, it's not good at all--poor stuff.  I do know, of course, it is supposed to be history, but there are numerous quotes (hundreds of them) that are clearly manufactured.  Now it is true, that historians back to Thucydides manufactured entire speeches, let alone single quotes, but Ms. Shipman is no Thucydides. For starters, all events in the book preceded her birth by nearly a century. Also, many of the of the manufactured quotes between Florence and Sam are pretty florid stuff.  And somehow, especially in the opening part (escape from the Harem) it reads more like myth than fiction.  How did Shipman independently verify all the details of the "escape from the Harem" independently of this couples own romantacized narratives? The only other party present was Sam's traveling companion Duleep Singh, who disappears on page 47.  Neither he or his writings, if there are any, are cited at the end of the book.  So that means, we have to depend entirely on the much, much later recollections of Sam and Florence re. Sam's stirring rescue of Florence from slavery. Then, during it, we have all sorts of manufactured quotes, including droll commens from Duleep Singh.  Oh, it was all too much for this reader.  I know this book has received good reviews, and I regret to report this is not one of them.
Three friends Kat, Josie and Perri make a pact when they are young, to always stand up for each other and to always stay together.One day a shot rings out in school, and kat is left dead... perri was shot in the face and Josie is shot in the foot.But the stories are not adding up with the evidence and the police dig deeper in to old family secrets and hidden agendas.I found this book a good story line, but so many characters and plots were too confusing. It switched back and forth  between present and past time.It was too confusing to be a good book and I agree with the other reviewer, the ending sucked!!!
Despite its prodigious length, it really didn't take too long to complete this novel--mainly because I found myself skimming past the intermittent historical sections in favor of the contemporary action.  Even so, the male protagonist was largely unsympathetic--he seemed to be something of a ruminative, self-centered jerk with few empathetic qualities.  A number of the secondary characters, however, were quite amusing, and the portions dealing with the Columbine killers themselves (though relatively brief) were perhaps the most gripping.  Hence, the author has created an inconsistent reading experience filled with a shifting series of high points and low points.
I really disliked this book.I can't say that about many books.  Especially when they come as recommended as this one.  If you read the back this looks like a funny "Bridget Jones - Diary" or "Amanda's Wedding" type of story.  I was looking for a funny story centered around Natalie trying to adjust to Bab's marriage and maybe finally finding a real boyfriend to love.Be forewarned what the back of the book does not tell you is that it turns into a story about how Natalie turns into and anorexic and basically looses all her friends and how she deals with her new druggie boyfriend while her fair is falling out.The book became so depressing mid way through it was painful to finish reading, I finished as the writing was ok but I kept hoping that the story would get better.  Geesch.  I can't recommend this one to anyone!The jacket for the book was VERY misleading!
I was excited when I first read an excerpt from this book in Rolling Stone, only to have it come out a few years later (legal troubles prob).  In the end, it is a bland and boring read about a self-absorbed loser whose life is really not interesting.  There is no insight into anything, it is a stale narrative with nothing revealed.
The "hero" treats Rowena horribly throughout, and is generally a disgusting human being. He forces her to work as a servant in his house while she's pregnant with his child. He also has an illegitimate daughter who works as a servant in his house whom he's ignored since birth and treated like nothing. His other daughters, the "lucky" ones, have been looked upon as possessions. He wants a son because, at present, everything will go to *horror* his daughters.When one of the "lucky" girls is 13, he arranges her marriage to some guy she's never met. When she acts out in an, admittedly, spoiled manner because of her neglect, he brutally belts her in front of the whole household. What a hero. *gags*This is another of those books where there are two different kinds of readers1) people who think brutalization of females is romantic, or that it's ok for the guy to hurt her as long as he's sorry afterwards2)people who are horrified by such actions and think he's disgustingFigure out what type of person you are and, if you're #2, spare yourself the horror of this book.
The story is touching and has a nice message.  However, the garish, ugly, busy pictures undermine the impact of the story.  Imagine what this book would have been like if Wendell Minor had done the illustrations! Instead, the illustrations with their dreadful colors and awful images confuse and alienate children who are the assumed target audience.  This will not be a book a child would be naturally drawn to and would stay on most library shelves, which is unfortunate since the story is so delightful.
The first time I read this book was out loud to my son (usually I read them to myself first) and I stopped short as soon as I realized that the mother bought the screeching child all of the toys to pacify him!  I thought, What kind of message is this? Even though they end up giving the new toys away at the end (only the new toys mind you), the book didn't redeem itself in my eyes.  In my view, immediate gratification of a child's selfish wishes and dealing with the consequences later is not a way to handle a dispute with a four year old.I chose to go back and re-read this book to my child saying that Sam's mommy shouldn't have bought all of the toys Sam wanted and that she was a silly, pretend mommy who only lives in a book, because no REAL mommy would do that. I feel like one silly Mommy myself for buying a children's book without reading it first but I thought that the famous Dr S would have a good message to tell. I was wrong.If you are a parent who indulges your child's each and every whim, well then, go ahead and buy this book for them too because you would be the type of person who might enjoy it.
I'm an avid reader and this book could not have been more boring.  There was nothing engaging about the characters.  It should have been called The Life and Times of the DeBorgia Family since that was primarily what it was about.  I would only recommend this book to an insomniac...it put me to sleep after one page EVERY night.  Even at the end I was still going "huh?" and yet so relieved!!!I'm reading Confessions... now.  It has already started out more interesting than the entire novel Mirror Mirror.
I was disappointed with this book.  It was nothing like the "If You Give A Mouse A Cookie" that started the series.
Warning: Spoilers."I know this much is true" is to serious, long novels what Harry Potter is to serious, long sagas, only HP is better and deeper. Our protagonist, after 900+ pages, understands God's love and forgiveness and is fine with the universe, his faith, the woman he loves, their adopted child, his past, and newly found wealth. At the beginning of the novel his wife has divorced him, he's relatively poor doing menial jobs (house painter) instead of teaching in college, and feels oppressed by guilt related to his twin brother's schizophrenia and the acts of betrayal on his part that may have pushed his sensitive brother over to mental illness. By novel's end our hero is rich, his ex has returned to him, his girlfriend has conveniently died of cancer, letting the happy couple adopt her daughter; his brother is also conveniently dead, and the former house painter is back teaching in college: God loves him! The question is: would our hero still think about God's love if he were still pining for his ex, if he had been diagnosed with cancer instead of his girlfriend, if none of his dreams and ambitions had come true? Would he still be babbling about God's love and the roundness of things (American Indian philosophy, apparently) if his life had gone on being the sad, hard disappointment that life is for more than 90% of people in the world? Money, sex with the woman he loves, the lifting of his guilt, adoption of a child after his vasectomy have all made him see and understand God and goodness. Well, it's easy like that, really.This cheap, pseudo-religious, moralizing  tale could have used some trimming. It would still be Lifetime Movie of the Week material, but at 200-250 pages it would have been easier on the trees. I like long novels that have something to say apart from "I understand God's love because now I'm rich and fortunate." I am agnostic in religious matters, but I felt that Lamb cheapened true faith by making it conditional to the protagonist's prosperous situation at the end. Lamb's writing does not make him a pleasure to read, either.This is a turkey. A big, fat turkey that has sold a lot of copies (good for Lamb) while exploiting a truly interesting vein badly: the betrayals of childhood, the twisted logic of domestic abuse (feed the predator at home someone else, anyone else, so that the predator does not come after you), the guilt that never leaves, etc. Lamb took these powerful ingredients and served a monster. Most reviewers have liked this particular concoction. To each his or her own. I know this much is true: life is too short to read anything else by this author.
The book is not news to anyone who reads any New York newspapers. It is a cut and paste job from ON's drinking buddy. Better reporting done by author Peter Lance. Of course, nothing written by me detracts from the dedication and true grit of John O'Neil.
I am also reading Tom Wolfe's new book, and there is no comparison.  Lamb's book reminds me of a college creative writing effort, full of whining nonsense and what I consider a meandering story line.  Everybody  says it's so great, but I guess it's not my type of book.  Everybody also  said Prince of Tides was great, and I found it the same as Lamb's: a male  author with a feminine style, a stream of consciousness tome from the  perspective of an individual that I really don't like.  Maybe I'll skip to  the end to see if there ever was a point.
Michael Moore is about an able a writer of books as he is a maker of "documentaries." Which means he is a talentless hack. And worse than that, a liar and a propagandist of the most despicable leftwing kind.Somebody ought to write a book with the title, "Michael Moore is a Big Fat Idiot."
Like nearly everything Simmons has written after 1999 (the exception being A WINTER HAUNTING, which rates at least three or four stars), this collection is filled with stories that either have too much verbiage, or too little plot, or both.The exception is the first story:1)"Looking For Kelly Dahl":  This is the very last story Simmons has managed to write (thus far) which didn't get bogged down by didacticism, strident politicism, or (more sadly) a third act that wasn't given enough thought.  It reads as if it is part ghost story, part science fiction (quantum physics -- two souls popping up in an alternate reality, ala THE HOLLOW MAN).  And the narrator -- a teacher who suffered from alcholism -- is a suitably flawed man.  As he traverses the strange, almost otherwordly landscape -- which seems to have been created by both himself and his former student, Kelly -- it becomes apparent that there may have been something going on between himself and the teenage girl (there's even a sort of homage to "The Most Dangerous Game").Dynamite story, in which Simmons proves that he was still able to tug the heart strings of the reader while telling a fantastic tale.2)"Orphans of the Helix": actually a pretty fun, space opera story.  And it has a _great_, scary machine-thing (shades of Star Trek -- 1960s version) that threatens the space ship on which the "intersellar pilgrims" are travelling.  But it stutters in a few places, and one gets the sense that it's because the author cobbled up this "sequel" (to his "Hyperion" and "Endymion" novels) due to the clamor of his fans, and a desire to be included in a really cool anthology (FAR HORIZONS).3) "The Ninth of Av": This one is interesting solely because it is a sort of prequel to ILIUM and OLYMPOS (the first of which was terrific; the second, well...).  Mostly, this story seems to exist for one reason and one reason alone: as polemic.  Jews good, muslims bad.  That's as deep as the thought behind this piece gets.  Sort of a precursor to the extraordinarily wrong-headed dreck that Simmons eventually turned out on his website during the height of Bush/Cheney popularity.  Yeech.4) "On K2 With Kanakaredes":  A bit of sci-fi fluff cobbled up to fill yet another slot in yet another anthology.  The sad thing is: the author wants us to believe that an advanced race which travels across great expanses of space and time can't find a good mountain of their own to climb back on their home world.  Oy.5)  "The End of Gravity": This is a good outline in search of some prose.  Basically: filler material."Kelly Dahl" is excellent, and thus rates one star.  But of the other four, only "Orphans" rated half a star (the others, not so much).  Still can't do half a star in these ratings, so I'm going with the one.**FINALLY NOTE, added long after ther review was written: This regards the story,"The Ninth of Av" and an polemic essay that Simmons wrote around 2003, 2004 or so (about a "time traveler" who comes from the future to warn the author of a time when Muslims control the world, or some such craziness): I've seen endless speculation on discussion forums by fanatical followers of Dan Simmons's writing, and in all of them (that I checked a while back -- maybe someone has wised up), ALL of his devoted readers had NO CLUE as to the what the three words Simmons mentions in his crazy "essay-cum-story". Given that they are so devoted to his fiction, it's surprising none of them (at least when I last stumbled across one of those slavish "gatherings") never noticed that the answer to their query lies within "The Ninth of Av": the three words, spoken in arabic, are even mentioned in Simmon's introduction to this story.  Perhaps it speaks to how little some of them really understand what it is, exactly, that they are reading. Sad days.
I disliked this book very much!!! I read Elosa James book Potent Pleasures and I loved it! So when I was going on vacation I thought I would take another one of her books to read on the plane and by the pool.  This boook was such a disappointment that I actually put it away to read the boring magazine on the plane.  I don't know if I should risk getting another one of her books.  I might just re-read Potent Pleasures!
I bought the book thinking "horray! finally weight loss as simple as only having to exercise 8 minutes a day, first thing in the morning!" Sounds easy, sold me. Left me obese!I wish more than anything in this world that losing weight could be as simple as only doing 8 minutes of exercise a day. Great marketing, catching title....little delivery on the promise. This books success formula lies much more in the restrictive calorie diet than in the hyped 8 minutes a day title.What really bugs me about this book is the authors claim that he was once overweight. Give me a break! One picture of a maybe chubby kid, and that picture really doesn't show much of his body, does NOT convince me that he was overweight or knows this struggle first hand as he claims to.  He even says "if I continued to eat at this rate, I would have been over 200 pounds".Jorge...I am not happy with your book. I feel that you oversold and underdelivered.
I started this novel with great expectations due to the gushing reviews. By page 400, after expecting something--anything--to happen, I started skipping ahead because the story was just plodding. I began skipping ahead a page at a time, still nothing happening to move the plot forward, which at the halfway point, I wasn't exactly sure what it was yet. Beyond the halfway point, I began skipping 5 pages at a time, then 10, then whole chapters. I finally gave up, skipped ahead to the last chapter and, without spoiling what little plot there is here, nothing had happened by that point either. There are about 30 pages of lightweight discussion of cryptography here (the bicycle analogy was about as good as it gets). There are two parallel plots, one in WWII at the dawn of modern cryptography, and another in the present or near-future involving very &#34;metro&#34; and pass&eacute; 2005 web designer/silicon valley stuff that frankly makes no sense today but was hipster at the time. No, it just doesn't work. I expected some serious crypto stuff in here, not the life story of someone who was an insider in early crypto during WWII and the pointless life story of a U.S. Marine and his future business-minded daughter. The title is absolutely appropriate--good luck if you can figure out what the point of the story is really about.
I was a fan of Mr. Lamb's first book, but this was not a winner, rather 700+ pages of meandering concepts with characters who cannot be believed. I read the entire length of the novel hoping to find some redeeming value, but at the end was left with a quasi-spiritual flop undeserving of the hours I lost and should have spent on chores around our home. I found the one-sided political jabs annoying and repetative. The protagonist is a black hole into which human decency seems to have been swallowed, and to have been led to sympathize with some of the most morally depraved individuals(Lolly and Velvet) was disturbing at best. On the bright side, this book was lent to me, and I didn't waste $20...
I recently bought this book to see how funny it was going to be. I mean, hey! It's Dr. Laura! America's most hated radio talk show host! The book  was ridiculous, but as I thought about it, this woman's procedures in  handling children is really horrible. I think it's sad that parents would  ever actually take this woman's advice in taking care of their children. I  have discovered better uses for these abominable 40 pages: paper airplanes,  paper sailor hats and my favorite, toilet paper!
again - I was sorry I bought this book. It isn't original or interesting. The writing style is poor and the 'theories' of practice could have been explained in a few paragraphs... not a book!  There is no substance - just a drawn out meander of same old, same old.
I found "The Forever War" a forever let-down. Considering all the hype and the Hugo and Nebula awards, I would have expected much better.The main complaint is the irrelevant ending.  We get to know and care about characters, and follow their thorny path along the plot, wonder where they go, and who they will become at the end of the story, and then !BLAM-O!  We get an ending--a sappy, car crash, too pat ending--that had nothing to do with the previous 34 chapters. In business, we would call this fraud; in law, breach of contract.This slipshod ending is either do to Haldeman's artistic ability, or it is a reflection of his worldview.  It cannot be the first--Haldeman has that rare flair to mix science with narrative, which makes for top notch sci-fi.  (His use of time dilation is a masterstroke) Therefore I think it comes from his worldview, which, like most people of his generation, was hastily generalized by the events of the late 1960's and early 1970's.  To paraphrase Jack London, I got the feeling that his generalizations (like many of his generation) were made between the Summer of Love and the Fall of Saigon, and he had failed to revise them since then.So is this a critique of Heinlein's book "Starship Troopers" or a critique of Nam?  I go back and forth with this novel.  It does serve to temper Heinlein's idealism--the "if men were angels" problem--but it also serves to normalize (or at least desensitize) madcap behavior.  In this way, the book is a less funny "Catch-22" or a cosmic "Caine Mutiny."Of course Heinlein, as a non-combat servicemen, knew how sailors talked and drank and did AHEM, but his book is clearly didactic, while Haldeman's is merely descriptive.  Even so, I felt manipulated.  All the career servicemen were jingoistic warmongers; all the conscripted NCOs were morally pure victims.  And calling some of the aliens "teddy bears" was cheap saccharine.  Additionally, there is the prepubescent glee in transforming Heinlein's juvie into an adult novel--complete with adult situations, adult language, and rampant adultery.The chapters (especially the earlier ones) were formulaic:1. They are given new orders that do not make any sense.2. Something goes wrong with the irrational orders.3. S.N.A.F.U.4. Mandella and a female NCO have AHEM.The characters had no motivation, just passive shoulder shrugging. In this sense they are not protagonists, just placeholders who use sex as escape.  In turn, the genetically altered post-humans become homosexual, so even that one release is removed.  Unlike Augustine, Thomas Aquinas or Galahad, once Mandella becomes chaste, he never became interesting.  "My strength is as the strength of ten/Because my heart is pure."Even so, Haldeman doe illustrate some important flaws with conscription, casual drug use, casual sex, government solipotence, government deception.  (Keeping in mind that all of these go hand-in-hand). Furthermore, the book may have been helpful in the post-Vietnam era, as a release and a reaffirmation of what just happened.  If it is, then the book looses it's relevancy in the current conflagration. There is no miscommunication and no misunderstanding the terrorists.
Unless you are doing a term paper on him, ugh.  I finished it but never got better.  Too detailed and factual.
I just finished, &#34;After I'm Gone.&#34;  Though I didn't love it (plodding, with needlessly quirky characters and occasionally numbing backstory) I want to love Laura Lippmann, so I thought I would work my way forward through her stand-alone novels.Other reviewers have summarized the plot and explored the clues which go nowhere, the vast overpopulation of unnecessary and unlikable characters, and the disappointment of the end.I'm left with a question. Did Cynthia and Warren adopt Alice's baby?  If not, wouldn't the book have been a whole lot better if they had?
I really wanted to like this book and it started out logically...then Lamb would diverge and diverge again until I felt lost in a quagmire of undeveloped characters. To much peripheral information and sub-plots and very little real character depth. Wanted to know more about Maureen's life as a younger woman to understand her response to the killings. the characters seem to float without passion or direction...the book was a waste of $20.00.
I got this for Christmas and finished it late last night.As the tale begins, the author initiates two primary storylines, The first is set in WWII spanning both the European and Pacific theatres. The second is modern day and is centered on a California start-up (with requisite ambitious young guys) with primary business interests in the far east. One knows the stories are connected because of similar last names in both. The other connection is encryption - how crytography was central to the war and how it is central to current day business and, in the author's view, central to the future of civilization.One of the great pluses of the book is how the author made use of these commonalities between WW2 and modern-day to create interest and anticipation. The middle of the book actually made use of these quite well and I was eager to keep reading. There is some terrific writing in middle sections and descriptions of people and places both in Europe and the Far East are very vivid.The author does write with terrific humour at times and I was reminded in several places about a series of books written about WWI called "The Bandy Papers - the Journals of Bartholomew Bandy" by Donald Jack. Very similar in style as the author captures the points of view - dry wit - of Grandpa (WW2) and grandson (techno geek) Waterhouse.The presentation of Gen. Douglas McArthur was (from my Canadian perpective) endearingly flag-waving-pipe-chomping-bullet- shedding-American-Super-hero and, of course, totally unbelievable.Then I hit the final pages where I had hoped to receive a big-payoff to the build-up over the previous thousand pages. Alas, it was not to be and all the tedious verbiage that scarred the entire book turned out to be a sad bell-weather.One of the "1 star" reviews amongst these reviews suggested that Tolkien was nothing compared to Neal Stephenson as far as filling up pages with words. There are numerous examples of page after page of "who cares" blathering which may tell us that some of the characters are in fact terribly boring individuals but do not deepen the characterizations. One of the good points is that when you hit such a section - and the reader will recognize them - you can simply skip about 5 pages or more and pick up the story without missing anything. The book could have been shortened by about 400 pages, maybe more. I'm guessing there is an encrypted message in the pages somewhere but I couldn't care less.Some story lines, characters and inferences are left totally unresolved in the end (e.g. what happened to the dentist?). A case of author boredom and a loss of interest as the ending approached? And why the heck did Andrew Loeb make a final appearance! Talk about out-of-place and just bizarre.I dunno what the author is thinking sometimes but several times he comes across as just a tad too clever. At least 3 times during the book (inluding the opening pages) I didn't have a clue what he was talking about. For example, one such bit of cleverness is his incorporation of the Hindenberg disaster in New Jersey - the narrative is written at that point from the perspective of a main character who stumbles literally out of the woods after seeing a brightness in the sky. It is not central or even obliquely of interest to the story line. The author never mentions Hindenberg by name and it is left to the reader (if you can pass the author's ever-so-clever test of cleverness) to figure it out. It seemed somewhat a condescending (to the reader) writing style.There is the usual technology-dropping (like dropping names but gadgets instead of people) to presumably up the coolness factor and from my knowledge it is mostly, but not always, believable.Ultimately, why there is some terrific writing, the overall result is a draft that needs 1 or 2 more rewrites and a worthy ending to really tell a terrific story.Summary - go directly to Tom Clancy's books which are executed much better and have endings that offer a consistent pay-off (but with less humour). Clancy can also go on and on... but not like this guy!The paperback story is 1130 pages of small type that is hard to read.
I just hate books that start out with a few good threads and then bring in a few tangents that have nothing really relevant to contribute. "The Hour I First Believed" is such a novel, and I found myself skipping over the historical sidebars which were too long and too irrelevant to the main story.There was a decided male bias in this novel. Lots of guy talk, car talk, and, yes, spontaneous sexual liaisons. Even the names reflect a sexist bias. The women have such prosaic names, "Maureen". "Janis" while the men get cool monikers like "Caellum" and "Ulysses". Quite a change from "She's Come Undone" where Lamb explores the female perspective so eloquently.I read the audiobook and hated the narrator. Too old and too dramatic.
Attention!  Attention!  Everybody out of the pool.  Wally Lamb has jumped the shark!And boy did he ever.His characters encounter Columbine, 9/11, Hurricane Katrina an the regular  gambit of an author who has obviously at this time run out of ideas.And the book is long.  Long and contrived and sadly dull.The main character himself would be interesting were it not for the fact that he is Dominic Birdsey from his last book all over again.  he even has a loudmothed, classless friend like Dominic.  So it's no surprise that he and Dominic live in the same town, know the same people, use the same shrink and ran relays together in high school, duh!  They are the same person! It's just a rehash and a poor one at that.  It's disappointing.  And the fact that Dominic actually makes an appearance in the book...well..it's just silly.Not good.I'm just glad I got this one at the library.  And even though it is a new release, I won't have any problem returning it in seven days.
After reading some of the reviews of this book I took a chance and bought it - and I am hugely disappointed.  I made it to about page 50, when I realised I had not read even one thing of importance to myself or to any aspiring screenwriter.I hope Mckee is a good screenwriter, because he is a terrible writer.A complete waste of time and money.Eric Winter
I have no children myself but I do have several nieces and nephews who I have watched grow up as they lived in our home. My sister always responded to her kids when they cried, they slept with her and their dad and they were never spanked. They were breastfeed on demand for as long as they wanted. They are FAR from being selfish, demanding brats! In fact they are just the opposite. They are very independent and self confident.I only read a couple of chapters so far and I while I like her basic premise that we should not coddle our kids, some of her advice is just downright harsh and cruel. One person in there asked a question about holding her three month old in a sling and was told that basically that "You should hold her for 10 to 15 minutes then put her down and let her cry otherwise she will learn that she can have her own way"! We are talking about an infant, a baby who has no other means to communicate except through crying. Most research now says that until 6 months to a year, that you can not spoil a child by picking them up. But, she makes it sound like a sin if you do and that you have damaged your children for life! She makes it sound as if our children will be damaged for life if they are held when they need to be and that if we dare stay home with them when they are sick, god forbid, they might find out that they actually like having mommy around! What a terrible thing for a child to want to have his mother instead of a housekeeper raise them! Most of us can't afford daycare much less a housekeeper! I think that is one reason they chicken pox vaccine was created-so that the parents would not have to take time off work to take care a sick child. I was pampered many times as a child when I was ill and I turned out just fine! I hate when celebrities try to tell others how to raise their kids, when truth be told, they are not raising them: a housekeeper is!!She also has the audacity to state that a child overindulged is WORSE off then a child who was neglected and abused! Has she ever seen an neglected child to know this? All in all, I hated the book and my best advice would be what Dr. Spock and others have always said "trust yourself. You know more then you think you do!"...
For those of us who've seen the movie umpteen times, this retelling of the classic tale is actually fresh and worth the read ... (witch, by the way, isn't easy .....)
This book is such a waste that it is hard to describe.  Mr. Moore choses to fill his book with opinions disguised as facts and misses the truth at least 80% of the time.
Like many of Wally Lamb's fans, I waited with great anticipation for this book to come out.  I had read his two previous novels, She's Come Undone (just okay in my opinion) and I Know This Much Is True (a great read), and was wondering if this next one would put Lamb on the list as one of my admired authors.  Based on I Know This Much Is True, I knew he had great potential to be added to a list that includes such esteemed authors as Pat Conroy and John Irving.  Unfortunately, with this latest offering, Lamb does not make the cut.  Not only does he not make the cut, but, after spending hours upon hours reading this book, I'm not even sure if I'd give him another chance.  That's how much I did not like this book.It all started with the writing which, in many places, can only be called "fractured".  I found this kind of writing to be very disconcerting within the context of the story.  Here are some examples and these are the actual sentences:  Last night?  I got up and started combing her hair.  And here's another:  A maintenance crew, from the looks of it, nine or ten women with shovels, hoes and hedge cutters. Now I ask you all....where is the verb in this last sentence?  This went on and on throughout the entire book.  Then, as if that wasn't bad enough, Lamb constantly repeats himself.  He tells a story of Zinnia always hugging Caelum on page 124 and had already told the exact same story earlier in the book.  This was done numerous times and it ultimately began to feel like deja vu.As with many authors who write a great book and get much publicity for doing so (Oprah pick), it must be hard to pen that next book trying to make sure it lives up to the all the adulation the author received from his last book. I think the "Aftermath" section of this book explains this fear and Lamb's own trepidations in trying to come up with a "story".  They latch onto something that "might" work and then weave other stories into it.  In this case, the author has taken every tragedy imaginable....The Civil War, The Korean War, Columbine, 9/11, The War in Iraq, Katrina....and made it all part of this story.  The end result is.....it doesn't work!!!!In my opinion, one of the most important jobs of an author, especially an author who is asking his reader to invest hours and hours of their time on a 700+ page book, is to create characters and develop them in such a way that the reader feels invested.  This is the story of forty-seven year old thrice married Caelum Quirk and his younger wife Maureen, who move to Columbine, Colorado after an unfortunate set of circumstances forces them to leave their home in Three Rivers, Connecticut.  For as long as I can remember, I've always associated "Three Rivers" with the city of Pittsburgh.  Let's face it, the Pittsburgh Pirates played in Three Rivers Stadium for thirty years.  Pittsburgh is famous for its three waterways....the Monongahela, Allegheny, and Ohio Rivers. Yet Lamb has "his" Three Rivers located in Connecticut.  I can't tell you how unsettling this was for me every time Three Rivers was mentioned.  I had to keep reminding myself that they weren't in Pennsylvania but in Connecticut.There wasn't one minute that I liked either Caelum or Maureen or any of the other myriad of characters who entered these pages.  Since you know right away that they're moving to Columbine, you immediately know there are going to be characters there that you won't like either.  Even though Maureen is in the school at the time of the shootings, I never felt any empathy for her even though she had been through a horrendous experience.  And Maureen and Caelum's relationship was never developed enough for her own husband to feel the empathy Lamb is obviously expecting his reader to offer up.This book will take the married couple from Connecticut to Colorado and back to Connecticut.  It will also take the reader back in time as Caelum explores his heritage after finding some interesting items in his aunt's attic. As Caelum investigates his heritage, as a reader, I got confused keeping everyone straight.  The reason for this is that Lamb has given everyone of the narrator's female relatives a name beginning with the letter "L".  We have Lizzie, Lolly, Lydia and Lillian. After awhile, I didn't know who was who.And to me the biggest mistake an author of fiction can make is inserting his own political beliefs into the novel. Once an author does this, whether I agree with his beliefs or not, I'm turned off.  Richard North Patterson used to be one of my favorite authors but, with each book he wrote, he jammed his politics down my throat.  I haven't read another book of his since.  Unfortunately, Lamb has fallen into the same category with me.  If he wants to be political, he should write some Op Ed pieces for the New York Times....not insert his views within the fictional pages of his book.In closing, I don't know how so many reviewers can state that Wally Lamb is their favorite author before even reading this book.  Their favorite author of what??? Two books?? (By the way, these last two fractured sentences are reminiscent of Lamb's writing if you're wondering why I did this).  If I was going to claim that someone was my favorite author, I think I'd like to have read more than two of their works.  I could say that Pat Conroy is a favorite author of mine as is John Irving and Joyce Carol Oates.  Each of these authors has many, many books in their repertoire and I've read almost all of them.I think that in the case of this book, I would have liked to have known the ending before reading the middle because it might have explained a lot and perhaps I might have enjoyed it more.  I'm not sure.  The jury is still out on Lamb as far as I'm concerned.  He needs to come up with a much better book to seal his rank as an author whose books I must read.
Book was boring and I only finished about 1/2 of it.Service was good.Have not read anything by this author before.
The Rock is a great deal better in person than in print.  Perhaps this should have been a book on tape.  Even still, the Rock at only 27 years old doesn't have a great deal to tell.  Even though he's a 3rd generation star, and possibly the biggest star in the biz, there are no real tales of  suffering in the wrestling business and getting screwed over like Mick  Foley's book.  It's a nice souvenir to have but the book is basically a  white wash with the Rock often in character and little to no inside  information or stories.
I decided to try "Every Secret Thing" after reading the promotional blurb and customer reviews on Amazon.  It also got great reviews from the literary press.  After reading it, am I thoroughly befuddled as to why.  There was no suspense in this "novel of suspense" (as the front cover bills it).  There's no mystery, either.  Well, I take that back partially--while there is a weak psychological mystery at the heart of the story, of why the girls killed baby Olivia Barnes seven years ago, it is so tediously told that it lacks any of the "whodunit" narrative compulsion of a good mystery novel.  "Every Secret Thing" is also billed as a psychological thriller, but Lippman's attempts to incorporate the psychological elements are very amateurish and trite.  Her characters spend way too much time pontificating on minutiae that have no relation to the story, like a "Seinfeld" episode without the humor.  This may be Lippman's attempt to develop her characters, but it's clunky, distracting, and ultimately unsuccessful.Perhaps Lippman's serial novels are better-written, but "Every Secret Thing" did not deliver on its promise.  I stuck with it to the end hoping that some ingenious twist would redeem it, but it never got better.  In the words of Simon Cowell, this book is "utterly forgettable."
I do not really think this book is for someone that has a thorough knowledge of politics.  In general, it could have been written in a more eloquent manner; as it is easy to notice that it is for the average, disgruntled American or someone that does not like America period. Most of these people do not read enough to criticize anything. If you are ignorant to the dynamic of American politics than this book seems like it is revealing something profound.  Truly, it is not.  Moore tries to be a "shock jock" in the political sense but he is more than likely a hypocrite in many different ways.  If you want to hear a unique yet a poorly defined argument, than read this book. I would not waste my money or time on this book.  Be warned about Moore because he is really sly in how he presents his research. I also get the feeling that he is anti-semitic. Moore also tries to appeal to the poor, the lower middle class, and to minorities in a way that makes him seem holier than thou.  It is my honest guess that he is a flaming racist as well, even though he pretends not to be. Moore is a fake.  Do not be taken by the way he constructs his arguments as there are many holes in his presentation. If you are using this book to present a well-defined argument, something with more clout, than read Noam Chomsky.  I do not always agree with Noam Chomsky but at least you could be prepared to tackle all sides of a political argument, whether you agree or disagree. Lastly, do not let Moore put you into an emotionally charged state that is his usual aim, it is so obvious and weak on his part. Honestly, it's hilarious that he actually wasted people's time in droves, including my own. In the interim he made money, I should have never read it.  As someone else said, even a penny is too much for this book! You may even have a few smirks or laughs at the content, but it is not worth such an unsophisticated experience.  In retrospect, I wonder if he wrote this book the way that most respectable authors would have written it; or did he just put on a cape, a top hat, and wave his magic wand and said, "Abracadabra!"  It is shameful that Moore IS aware of the group of people that he is using in order to get his poorly examined point across.  Moore's formula reminds me of Ralph Nader's speeches because he complains about everything but I am not underneath the guise that he tries to create.  Moore has an alterior motive and I am not convinced that he believes his own argument which is drowning in mediocrity and ignorance.  If Moore ran for President of the United States, would you vote for him? Just think about Moore running the country for four years! Please! Spare me. I would vote for the Fonz before I voted for Micheal Moore. Do you understand? Do not buy this book.
This is one of the very few books I've actually returned to the bookstore.  It is just one long infomercial for Dr. Sears' fish oil product.  He should pay me to read his book, not the other way around.
Publishers and booksellers should warn readers when an author employs that irritating device of writing in the present tense.  I read the first paragraph and gave it to an 11 yr old girl.  She read the first chapter and gave it back, telling me to give it to the library.
You should not like the main character. She is a complete narcissist.  She professes she loves her daughter but she makes one bad selfish decision after another. You may buy into the mother's excuses and her victim act. But the title should be &#34;The Bad Mother.&#34; Thought provoking at some level but leads to arguments with those who take this book at face value, if you are into that.  But you wouldn't want to be her daughter.
I was very disappointed because I am a Joyce Carol Oats fan but this collection disgusted me. Why so much violence? Not one likable character. Too much hatred and needless violence.
This book gets very boring and  I don't really like the concept very much. I hope this review was helpful to you.
If you want to read about Traci's experiences in the porn business, this book is not for you.  She claims that she doesn't remember a single thing from those days because she was taking so much drugs and alcohol to mask her pain and indignity.  If you read what her contemporaries have to say about her claims (Ron Jeremy, for one), I think you'll find yourself more inclined to believe them instead of her.  The true surprise, however, is that Traci Lords is smart as a whip.  She is insightful, astute and appears to be a keen judge of character.  Of course the reader wants to believe what she's written here because she does come across as lovable and sweet, but somewhere within the pages of her book, I smelled a rat.
