As usual, Elizabeth Lowell thrills all of us with her great writing! I am an avid Elizabeth reader and check for her newest all of the time.
This book put me on the right path to an alkaline based body, which is necessary to fight disease and poor health.
This is the first book by Wally Lamb that I have read, so I did not come into it with any pre-conceived notions about what to expect.  At 730 plus pages, I looked at this book as a challenge and kept an open mind about it.In general, I enjoyed this book quite a lot.  I do, however, understand why some other readers would not.  I found the story interesting and compelling.  I liked the fact that the characters, while clearly flawed, were still likable and easy to relate to in some way.  The first have of the book is much stronger than the second half.  The story is a little all over the place in the second half, which I quite liked, but can easily see why this would be a problem for others.  It does, at times, appear as though Lamb wasn't quite sure were to take this story in the last 300 pages.I give Lamb credit for taking on such a powerful issues in this book, and can appreciate why so much time elapses in between his books.  It's obvious he puts a great deal of time in outlining his story and doing research.I will definitely read Lamb's previous books now.  I've avoided them in the past, but this book has convinced me that I have been doing myself a disservice.
I just got finished reading David Wells book a few hours ago.  It was a interesting read.  I really enjoyed the time period he played baseball in.  The information he gave about the World Series Blue Jay's teams was all new to me.  I liked the fact that David was candid and honest with his appraisals of teammates and fans.  You want dirt in a biography, nothing bores me more than a sugarcoated fans rendition of his favorite team without the flaws that come with it.  Thankfully Mr. Wells book has very little of that.  He does come off as a blockhead in a lot of the chapters but that is his personality, who he is.  He also gives a lot of credit to the people who helped him reach the highest level of success in MLB.His tales are funny and believeable.  His stories about the minor leagues out west were all exciting to read about.  You can tell he has a lot of bias towards the Yankees and I was surprised how little he had to say about the Red Sox rivalry compared to the Indians.  He pulls no punches and talks straight up how he feels about things.  It reminds me of Charle's Barkley who is admired and reviled at the same time.I am sure his body will end up taking a heavy toll from all the cortisone injections he took in order to keep playing the game.  His assessment on the state of steriods in baseball was spot on, although I believe the actual number was a much higher percentage.  At certain points of the book he does come across as ungrateful at times.  His negtiations and contracts seem remarkable true to what really goes on between agents, players and management.  Overall his book is a good length and insightful read definately not boring.
If you work with stories, whether as a screenwriter (the reader the book most directly addresses) a novelist, short story writer, or even as an ad creative person, lawyer (telling stories in front of a jury) or psychologist (listening to and re-writing patients' stories)  then this book will pop your eyes wide open with new ways to think about stories.For me, reading McKee's book was a life-changing experience. It opened my eyes. Imagine seeing a computer tower, but not knowing anything about what's inside. Then, you read a book that explains not only what the different components are, but also how they work, how you can install them, select which ones to choose, fix them, understand why certain features are better than others. McKee does this for you with the internal elements, dynamics and dimensions of story.You can tell how much I like a book by how much I mark it up. This book is covered with markings. Here's how much it inspired me. I went on to take McKee's workshop, which you can find out about on the web. He's more than a lecturer, more like an entertainer, and the workshop, which covers the material in the book is well worth the price. Supposedly, 45,000+n people have taken the workshop. Word has it that some movie studios have literally included some aspects of McKee's core criteria for a good story in their contracts. (and that when McKee found out about it, he insisted they pull the verbiage.)Bottom line. This is a fascinating, brilliant book. It got me started exploring the wealth of other great writings on the creation of stories, including Syd Field, Christopher Vogler, Lynda Seger, James Bonnet, Michael Hauge, James Frey,  Carol Bly and more. I became so intrigued with the whole idea of describing all the elements, dimensions and aspects of story creation that I've put together a meeting with dozens of people, including McKee, Seger, Field, Bonnet, Vogler, Bly committed to participating in a discussion of story science.This book is Primarily about Story Structure. It's a left brain approach to understanding what goes into making a story work. It offers principles which are worth reading over several times. But one thing I discovered was that the other side of writing is not structural. Structural concepts are powerful and highly useful in the development of your work, but I like to consider them the bones of the story. You still have to put flesh on those bones, and you get that flesh from your own inner creativity-- from taping your experience, your unconscious, the deepest parts of your self.Put the bones of structure together with your deep inner self and you get a meaningful masterpiece, or at least something with meaning to you.
I had read &quot;She's Come Undone&quot; and really loved it.  I wanted to read more by Wally Lamb, but was taken aback by the sheer size of this book.  I picked it up and put it back down on no less than a dozen occassions because the length of the book was so daunting.  After several &quot;near misses&quot; I finally decided to give it a go because the premise seemed so interesting.  Boy, am I glad I did!The story of brotherly love in this case is complicated by the feelings of guilt (why was I the lucky one?) and shame (he is such an embarassment) and even more shame (how could I be ashamed of my own brother?).All in all, a very emotional and touching tale.  Despite my initial concerns about its length, I had a hard time putting this one down until I had read the very last word.  An excellent book and not one page too long.  Wally Lamb, more please!
Lord Simon Darby cannot believe the news that his Aunt Esme Rawlins is increasing though his uncle is dead and the twosome were estranged and separated for years.  Simon worries that a male offspring leaves his stepsisters without a dowry and he with only income from his lace importing business.  However, Simon knows the "infamous Esme" is a constant scandal so anyone could be the sire.  He plans to visit his notorious pregnant aunt.Because of her limp, Lady Henrietta Maclellan can only dream of a London season let alone a husband and children as no male would want a deformed wife.  When she meets her friend Esme's nephew, she knows he is the one for her, but realizes her imperfection would never do for him.  Though she hides her feelings, she writes a letter filled with passion that becomes public, scandalizing the Ton, who blame Simon.  Forced to marry or else, Simon and Henrietta are falling in love, but neither trusts the other with their heart.FOOL FOR LOVE, the sequel to DUCHESS IN LOVE, is a terrific romance that will hook the audience (as did the first tale) because of the interactions and relationships (some dysfunctional) of the powerfully drawn cast.  The witty story line includes the return of characters from the previous novel, but this book belongs to Simon, Henrietta, and an infamous letter, who manage to keep the plot out of trite sand traps.  Eloisa James provides a strong historical that will send the audience back to re-read the prequel keeper so set time for both in one sittingHarriet Klausner
This collection of C.S. Lewis' works on religion gives me his hard-to-find works and an easy place to find the more popular ones. Lewis is unsurpassed in clarity of thought on being a real Christian - worth going back to in a reference like this.
C S Lewis said "..a children's story which is enjoyed only by children only by children is a bad children's story." I first read The Lion,The Witch and the Wardrobe in my 20s,and thereafter devoured the other six tales of Narnia. Every time I reread one --and I have read  each of them many times since--I find something new.I was delighted to be able to read them to my own children who, as they got older, could read the books to themselves. These stories are classics and in my opinion the best children's books written by a modern writer.They were written by Lewis during a very dark time in history--World War II--and the faith and hope they contain must have provided a refuge and a beacon for him during that period.These are tales full of adventure and wonder, populated with unforgettable and very human characters, each working out his or her destiny in a world of witches, goblins, talking animals,tree-nymphs and centaurs. I envy anyone approaching them for the first time.
In 1801 Lord Anthony Morehouse wins a curricle race against Lord Reginald D'Aubney that provides the victor with what he thought was a piece of furniture.  Instead, as all their peers laugh, Tony learns that "The Ladies Fashionable Cabinet" is not a bureau or a wardrobe, but instead is a woman's magazine that he won from a side bet with Victor Croyden.Unlike Reginald who owns numerous publications, Tony has never been involved with the printed word.  He plans to sell the magazine as soon as possible.  He visits the office of "The Ladies Fashionable Cabinet" only to find his childhood rival, Victor's niece, Edwina Parrish as the editor.  Tony still remembers losing every sporting contest especially races to Edwina, but the one that still smarts is when she defeated him in a steeplechase race in which she won the Minerva bust.  He offers her a bet that if she raises the subscriptions to an agreed upon number, she wins the magazine, but if she fails to achieve the target he gets back Minerva.Because of the uniqueness of the heroine, readers receive a fabulous Regency romance that will make Candice Hern a major force within the sub-genre.  The story line is somewhat light yet provides mini lights on serious issues of the times.  Tony is a hunk who learns that his first apparent victory is bitter as the stake proves more than he can afford.  ONCE A SCOUNDREL is a terrific historical that will provide plenty of pleasure to fans.Harriet Klausner
Eric Hoffer was a longshoreman who wrote elegant philosophical prose.I read THE TRUE BELIEVER when I was involved with Ayn Rand's Objectivist movement and recognized myself and everyone I knew.Have your youngster read this book and I guarantee they will never join the Moonies or any other cult while away at college.This is a great book.
"The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum is the first of 15 books in the fictional Oz series and tells the story of Dorothy, a girl from Kansas who was swooped with her dog Toto by a mighty wind to the Land of Oz.  On Dorothy's journey to visit the "Terrible Wizard" she is joined by the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodsman and the Cowardly Lion - all of whom are seeking the wizard to grant them brains, heart and courage - respectively.Throughout their journey, the gang encounters many strange creatures and strange landscapes.  They run away from the Kalidahs, ferocious beasts with bodies of bears and head of tigers, save the Scarecrow from being stuck on a pole in a gushing river, talk field mice into carrying the sleeping lion out of the deadly poppy fields, encounter a fragile land where everything is made of breakable China and fight the wolves, bees and other minions the Wicked Witch of the West sends at them.  Not to mention making use of the Winged Monkeys.I have read this book in 4th or 5th grade but this time I read it out loud to my daughter.  I don't know if reading it out loud, the years, or possibly both have given me a different perspective on this story.  I realized that the story wasn't about the virtues of "home" or the man-behind-the-curtain, but of the qualities each and everyone of us posses regardless of outside influence.  After all, the Scarecrow has gotten the gang out of trouble using his wits, the Tin Woodman cries when he hurts even the tiniest creature and the Cowardly Lion fights bravely before facing the Wizard.I read this eBook on the Nook and the formatting was wonderful, the words sharp and clear.  No complaints at all"The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" has become a classic and both myself and my daughter enjoyed it.  If you haven't read the book, treat yourself to a quick read.
Black and white always make gray. This is the first thing that came to my mind after I read Meeting of the Waters by Kim McLarin.Lee, an African American journalist who is very much aware of who she is and her role as an African American, and Porter, a White journalist who lives his life with not a thought of race, come to a place in the midst of racial violence only to find themselves in something much deeper than either expected.When Lee saves Porter, from being beaten to death in the Los Angeles riots, she has no idea that she would meet him again. When she takes a job offer in Philadelphia she finds herself face to face with this man she risked her life for. Porter, who wondered about the woman who saved his life, thinks he is seeing things when he sees her in his city 3000 miles away from their initial encounter. When he finds out that they are working at the same newspaper he is compelled to thank her again, however upon meeting her for a second time he finds that he has more of a personal interest. Pursuing a relationship with Lee, and finally breaking through her barriers, they find that the only thing that can really stand between them and happiness is the color of their skin. Both,Lee and Porter, are introduced to the murky waters of societal perceptions and they are forced to see if their love can withstand the waves.Ms. McLarin has unmistakably captured a microcosm of race relations in this very well written story of the open taboo of interracial relationships. She is very effective in allowing her reader to see that even in loving each other there are some obstacles that may or may not be overcome. Her ability to create situations and capture their subtleties was superb. This book reads like a boat drifting on restless waves and most assuredly of a storm.  I read this in one sitting. My only problem was that I believe that certain behaviors did not ring true to the nature of the characters were written.My true rating of this book is a 3.5 and I most assuredly would read another book written by this author.KotanyaAPOOO bookclub
I didn't realize how different this would be from the movie. There were only about 6 aspects that were even the same. It was a very interesting read and I really enjoyed it. Highly recommended to those who have seen the movie. (And to those who haven't)
It's definitely well written, and it's a very personal account of the author's journey. It's not as dramatic as I thought it'll be but then, I guess that's real life at times. It's definitely as honest as it can be. It does give a good account of what's going on in Burma, especially in the rural parts too. I'll recommend it for those interested in learning about Burma from a Burmese person, and from the native's perspective. Easy to read but by no means a simple writer. It's a literary piece for sure.
To make things interesting from the start, the narrator of this story is dead. Billy Bartholomew is the dead best friend of Eddie Proffit, a boy who lost both his father and best friend within a month--and, to further the trauma, Eddie was the one to discover both of their bodies.Billy, however, is not exactly gone.  He's stuck around, even though he's dead. He's an observer in Eddie's life, and, occasionally, he can even find a way to talk to his best friend. He watches Eddie go through his life, running, sleeping, going to school...And then Eddie starts the class at school he and Billy were both excited to sign up for: Really Modern Literature, taught by the school librarian, Ms. Lloyd. The only class requirement? To read fifteen books by authors who are still alive, including one of Ms. Lloyd's choosing.Ms. Lloyd chooses Chris Crutcher's ersatz  book, Warren Peece. She says that it's a great book, and passes out copies. Unfortunately, it also deals with some very controversial issues--including abortion, religion, and homosexuality.Needless to say, this does not please the conservatives in town. They challenge the book, and Eddie and a few courageous others are going up against Christian fundamentalism and censorship, with Billy along for the ride.The Sledding Hill is a brilliant, thought-provoking, original and intelligent novel. It is certainly a controversial one, and may well be banned just like Warren Peece was in the story. It isn't immediately captivating, but it will capture the attention of readers who stick with it. The characters are realistic and interesting, and the tough issues are tackled very well. This is a book that needs to be read!Reviewed by Jocelyn PearcePosted: 02/15/20074.5-Books on WUAT = 5-Stars on Amazon
wow,  I am a fan of the dsicworld novels but thought this one really stood out.If you work in industry particularly in America then this us a great read.  I am stunned by it's truth :-)
I have read versions and have seen the movie. I love how they bring to life a world outside of our own. =)
I actually picked this book up in our local Target a full week before it was suppose to come out.  I read it all in one day.  To Del's fun filled fantasies, to her strange behavior of her husband, Del leads a half exciting (soap opera writer) to dull (her marriage) life.  Then Ford comes into her life and flips things literally upside down.  I would recommend this book for a great read by the pool, bed time and the beach.  Great Read!!  I'm looking forward to reading some more from this author.
This book was hilariously entertaining.  Meg Cabot really is too much fun.  I have read a handful of her books, and they are all infused with a wonderful sense of humor and maybe even a little hyperactivity disorder, which turns out to be a great combination.  All-American Girl is no different.  It's about Samantha, a high school sophomore, who is forced to take art classes because she is getting a C- in German.  While skipping art class because she felt her creativity was being stifled due to the appearance of a pineapple in her drawing, she manages to save the president from a deranged Christie Brinkley fan.  Yes, as absurd as the premise sounds, Meg Cabot manages to draw the reader in anyway.  Throughout the story, Sam struggles with her new popularity and figuring out which guy she is really crushing on, the president's son or her older sister's boyfriend.  I think anyone who remembers the insecurities that went along with going to high school and who would enjoy a good laugh would love this book.
_American Terrorist:  Timothy McVeigh & The Oklahoma City Bombing_, published in 2001 before McVeigh was put to death, by journalists for the _Buffalo News_ Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, is a highly disturbing book which takes a look into the life, mind, and philosophy of the terrorist Timothy McVeigh.  This book (despite possible flaws) remains one of the most important biographies written on McVeigh because the journalists obtained interviews with McVeigh himself and his family (particularly Timothy McVeigh's father Bill McVeigh).  Timothy McVeigh (1968 - 2001) was a veteran of the Gulf War whose radical antigovernment philosophy and disgust over the events of Ruby Ridge and Waco may have pushed him to commit the terrorist act of bombing the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City.  Unfortunately, there may be some reason to believe that there was more to this bombing than originally believed; however, the authors do not discuss such possibilities as they rely entirely on the testimony of McVeigh who took sole credit for the bombing, along with fellow conspirator Terry Nichols.  McVeigh has often been linked to the "antigovernment right" or "far right" and his actions were used by many in left wing "watchdog groups" to call for crackdowns on the militia and patriot movements by the government.  However, McVeigh's views remain more difficult to categorize than this (as pointed out by fellow prisoner Ted Kaczynski, the Unabomber, in a private letter to the authors of this book which appears as an appendix in this book).  While it is true that McVeigh was an ardent lover of firearms and the Second Ammendment (to the point of fanaticism and unhealthy obsession), charges of racism and the white supremacist angle remain more difficult to maintain.  In his letter Kaczynski maintains that McVeigh saw more in common between the radical left and the radical right than was originally believed and Kaczynski describes McVeigh pretty accurately as "he is an adventurer by nature, and America since the closing of the frontier has had little room for adventurers."  McVeigh's bombing was a horrendous affair resulting in countless innocent deaths (including the deaths of many children who were present in a day care center at the building) and was very likely an exceedingly poor attempt to get back at the federal government for their mistakes and wrongdoings at Ruby Ridge and Waco.  Nevertheless, it is important to keep two things in mind.  First, I believe there is some reason to suspect that there is more to this story than just Timothy McVeigh (perhaps which we will never know) and further that the actions of the government in recent times have been far worse, more calculating, and resulting in much greater bloodshed.  Supposedly McVeigh was horrified by such atrocities committed by the government and sought to get back at them for what they had done.  Unfortunately, his alleged way of getting back at them turned out to be largely ineffective and focused on innocents rather than those who were truly responsible.  As such, his actions must be fully condemned.The book begins in the Introduction, by explaining how the journalist authors came to be involved in reporting this story and their meetings with Bill McVeigh.  The authors then turn to the early life of Timothy McVeigh.  The disturbing thing about this is that his early life and boyhood were largely normal.  In fact, the authors describe him as nothing more than "the boy next door".  However, early on in his life, McVeigh's experiences caused him to develop a particular dislike for bullies and even a horror at killing.  Following high school, McVeigh went through a funk where he may have read quite a bit and otherwise did a great deal of thinking.  It was during this time that McVeigh developed his survivalist and antigovernment views.  He was introduced to such views through such magazines as _Soldier of Fortune_ as well as his early readings of _The Turner Diaries_.  McVeigh also developed an early interest in firearms and through his grandfather Ed learned how to use and care for them.  McVeigh (uncertain of his direction in life) decided to enter the military believing that there he could further his survivalist skills and practice using firearms.  However, from the very beginning, McVeigh may have developed some reason to regard the military as hypocritical and inefficient.  McVeigh became very good at soldiering and frequently would win prizes for being the top gunner.  Subsequently, when the First Gulf War broke out, McVeigh was sent to Iraq.  It was in Iraq that McVeigh came to develop some further suspicions of the government as he came to see the Iraqi army largely outmatched facing a far more powerful U.S. Army.  McVeigh also came to somewhat resent the authority of his superiors over the fact that they frequently relied on "by the book" instructions when it became obvious that such instructions were leading to further casualties.  McVeigh also developed a certain respect for Iraqi culture, leading to his general respect for other cultures (noted by fellow convicted terrorist Ted Kaczynski).  It was also in the military that McVeigh met Terry Nichols, a Michigan farmer who shared his antigovernment views and had radical opinions about the role of farmers and bankers and the government.  Following his stay in Iraq, McVeigh was sent home to try out for the Special Forces, the elite of the elite in the Army.  McVeigh was greeted at home as a war hero and then went on to try out for the Special Forces.  However, McVeigh (who was not in the best of physical or mental shape following his stay in Iraq) did not make the cut for the Special Forces and decided to drop out.  This was a further disillusioning experience for McVeigh and such experiences eventually led to him asking to leave the Army.  When McVeigh left the Army he returned home to an extreme period of depression and disillusionment.  McVeigh ended up living at his father's house along with his sister Jennifer (who shared his antigovernment views and who the authorities would later view with suspicion) and had to find work as a security guard.  McVeigh grew increasingly dissatisfied with his life and the government and entered a period of despair and near suicidal depression.  Eventually, McVeigh was to leave his family (his father and his sister) and begin his travels, telling his father only that "taxes are too high" before leaving.  McVeigh began a journey which led him deeper and deeper into the antigovernment fringe and gun culture.  McVeigh also met up with his old army buddies Mike Fortier (who was hopelessly addicted to illegal narcotics) and Terry Nichols (who along with his brother James had a long history of antigovernment hatred).  It was while visiting with Terry Nichols that McVeigh told a group of farmers that the government had implanted a microchip in him before his going into war (a story which the authors believe to be confabulated, but to which there may be a greater significance).  McVeigh became actively involved in gun shows, selling weapons and various political materials at them, and he became fascinated with gun and outlaw culture.  It was however the events at Waco which supposedly pushed McVeigh over the edge, and he went to Waco to protest the government's actions and to give out political propaganda.  McVeigh became increasingly paranoid and his letters to his sister indicate his increasingly erratic behavior as well as his indications that "something big was about to go down".  This may have led to McVeigh and Nichols conspiring to blow up the building in Oklahoma.  The rest of the book details the bomb and the subsequent explosion and loss of life as well as the subsequent arrest and trial of McVeigh.  Despite McVeigh's own claims to the contrary, many including his own attorney came to suspect that there may have been more to this terrorist act than originally thought and suspected a larger conspiracy.  The book ends by showing the reactions of McVeigh's friends and family and with McVeigh on death row.  It was while in prison that McVeigh met such other notorious terrorists as Ramzi Ahmed Yousef and Ted Kaczysnki.  The government was to put McVeigh to death in 2001.  The book also includes a very interesting letter about McVeigh by Kaczynski sent to the authors which reveals certain aspects of McVeigh's philosophy.This book is a highly disturbing one for what it shows about the life of Timothy McVeigh.  McVeigh believed that the government had grown out of control and that its actions were criminal, so he decided to make the government pay for its actions.  While McVeigh may have been right about the actions of the government, the way he chose to get back at it was futile and simply resulted in the deaths of innocents.  Further, McVeigh's actions may have caused further crackdowns on the militia and patriot movements by the government and by left wing "watchdog groups".  Nevertheless, I feel there is some reason to believe that there may be more to the story behind this bombing than just McVeigh.  As such, I believe while this book offers a good portrayal of McVeigh and his beliefs, it may miss out on what really happened, which we may still not fully know.
I love Terry Pratchett. I have read all of his books at least 5 times. .....This is one of the best.
Just for a second, forget everything you know about the well-known story of &quot;Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.&quot; Forget the animated movie with the singable songs, forget the familiar story line with its happy ending. Instead, imagine a darker tale, filled with political intrigue, doomed quests and dark family secrets. Now you can taste a little of the flavor of Gregory Maguire's new novel MIRROR MIRROR. As he did with his previous novels WICKED (based on THE WIZARD OF OZ and now a Broadway musical) and CONFESSIONS OF AN UGLY STEPSISTER (based on &quot;Cinderella&quot;), Maguire takes the bones of these old, well-known stories and completely reinvents them into well-developed novels that can stand on their own. Maguire has been writing children's fantasy novels for a long time, so it is no surprise that he can skillfully play with elements of classic fantasy and make them into something totally new and often surprising.But don't think that MIRROR MIRROR and its predecessors are novels for children --- no, these are definitely fairy tales for grown-ups. In MIRROR MIRROR, history and fantasy are intertwined, and two of the main characters are the decadent (and incestuous) Borgia siblings, Cesare and Lucrezia. Near the beginning of the novel, the two pay a visit to the widower Vicente de Nevada and his strikingly lovely daughter Bianca at their villa, Montefiore, tucked in the hills of Tuscany and Umbria. Cesare sends Vicente off on a seemingly hopeless quest for the last remaining branch from the apple tree in the Garden of Eden. The beautiful but vain Lucrezia, her eye always on opportunities for personal advancement, offers to set up residence at Montefiore and keep an eye on Bianca.Vicente's quest takes years, and eventually he is assumed dead. Soon enough, though, Lucrezia's jealousy of Bianca's looks --- and specifically her resentment of Cesare's attraction to the girl's youthful beauty --- drives her to plot the girl's demise. As you might guess, however, the lovely Bianca survives, and the increasingly desperate Lucrezia is driven to more and more extreme lengths to destroy the girl who is &quot;the fairest one of all.&quot;Maguire's skill in MIRROR MIRROR, as in his previous works, is with playfully reinventing familiar plots with darker themes and characters. Here the dwarves, for example, are not silly slapstick characters but shapeless, nameless stone-like creatures who gradually gain elements of humanity through their interactions with Bianca and their own quest to retrieve the mirror that causes so many problems: &quot;The dwarves had hobbled out of their stony natures partly by accident and somewhat by design. . . . But now they couldn't empty their pockets of memory, of irritation, of regret or conundrum, of paradox or paradise. They were trapped by the laws of their own devising.&quot; The transformation of the dwarves is just one of the thought-provoking themes running through the novel.Character development, however, is not particularly strong in this book or in Maguire's previous fairy tale adaptations. In his earlier novels, Maguire played with characterization by making the reader care about traditionally unsympathetic characters such as the wicked witch or the ugly stepsister. In MIRROR MIRROR, though, the &quot;evil stepmother&quot; figure portrayed by Lucrezia Borgia remains unlikable from start to finish, and her motivations are never adequately explored. Even the character of Bianca is not particularly engaging --- she remains a passive, somewhat lifeless character throughout the novel. Part of the problem is the rate at which Maguire changes narrators --- each brief chapter is told from a different point of view, and just as we settle into one character's voice and vision, we're whisked away to the next.This narrative technique does make for a brisk and lively reading experience, though, which provides a nice contrast to the sensuous, luxurious descriptions of the Italian countryside. Readers looking for an imaginative, playful reworking of classic tales can't do better than Gregory Maguire's fractured fairy tales, and MIRROR MIRROR continues his strong tradition.--- Reviewed by Norah Piehl
I read it for the first time many many years ago. Once again I got impressed. A very good book, classical, a must read one. What else, well read it!
My summary begins with the question: Why did I decide to read this book?Well, I had a long time to decide. I am 18 years old and I have had the first edition of the book sitting in my parent's home for my entire  life.  I finally got around to reading the book, and finished it in two  days.Being a child who grew up reading Tolkien and  R.A. Salvatore, this  book didn't really appeal to the fantasy aspect of my pysche.  The reason  that I read this book is because after the first page I was mentally  keeping a list of similarities and differences of this book to things such  as the movie Starship Troopers and the PC-game Starcraft.Can we say  &quot;Terran&quot;-fever?I am a firm believer that the major attraction  to sci-fi is not all of the high-fangled gadgets or technology but the how  the human spirit endures or suffocates.  This novel is a prime example of  both.  In contrast to Starwars, The Forever War really doesn't need a  title.  Heck, it doesn't even need a picture (my copy never had a  cover-picture since I've had it) to help a reader conjure up the images  described.Is this book worth reading?Yes.Why?Humor?  Social  methodology?  Government conspiracism?  Whatever your reason, or even if  you do not have one, give this book a whirl.You'll be glad you did.
I personally don't read alot of fantasy, but this book was AWESOME. I bought this book from my school order form, and own in it paperback. The character's in this book are awesome, they come to life, and the development is just awesome. I loved this book from the minute I found out it was by Levine...I have read her book Ella Enchanted, and vowed to read as many books written by her as I can. About this book again, it was awesome. I personally liked the dragon...hehe =}...well read this book and see for yourself!
This is a must read.  It is written by a scholar who refused to be involved with academia.  To give you an understanding of Hoffer, he thought that academia's whole purpose was to be obscure and inaccessible to the layman.  This book can be read by anyone and should be read by all.  It describes how humanity can lose "self," and be assimilated into a "machine" for a, supposedly, greater good.  This is reminiscent to the work of Ayn Rand.
This book is brimming with details about the chess match of the century.  The only thing lacking is a move by move history of each game, which would have made this the perfect book on that event.  Still, I came to know both Fischer and Spassky and the political climate at the time.  Kudos to the authors for an outstanding chess history.
Michael Moore's populism rails amusingly at the ascension to the U.S. presidency of a man whose title he invariably places in quotation marks. At the same time, he catalogues an alarming series of alleged malfeasances: the disenfranchising of tens of thousands of black voters in Florida well before the 2000 elections; Republican funding of the author's stumping for Ralph Nader in that state in a successful effort to help split the Democratic vote; the administration-arranged spiriting of Bin Laden family members and associates out of the U.S. after the events of September 11, 2001; the extreme and widening polarization of rich and poor; the similarities between Republican and Democratic politicians and platforms, e.g., President Clinton's granting the automobile industry an exemption from mandated average fuel economy standards for suburban utility vehicles; the ineptitude of former Vice President Gore's campaign. This book helps to explain the apathy among so many qualified American voters who stay away from the ballot box, and it makes the reader wonder why Mr. Gore and other prominent Democrats still holding national offices pulled their punches until recently, seemingly afraid to go on the attack.
To coin a term for a form of prose that's lacked one, Ursula K. Le Guin as chosen "story-suite" for a collection of short stories that are connected by theme, location, or events. This book mirrors her last SF story-suite, Four Ways to Forgiveness, in connectivity by theme but diverges from connectivity by place. At least, it makes wide ranges 'round the setting of many of her SF stories, called her "Hainish Universe." (Le Guin, typical of her self-deprecating humor, talks of her laziness in re-using this setting in her forward.)The theme of these stories is relationships. With ourselves. With our lovers. With our society. They use various tools to explore this topic and reveal the complexities of being human. Stories range from a first-contact tale with a deeply anthropological tone to a "comedy of manners" among some of the most complicated relationships in the universe. Along the way, we touch on some familiar settings (the world of Left Hand of Darkness, that of Four Ways) and get a look at some new.The final tale in this collection, a novella entitled Paradises Lost, is a bit of a divergence from the rest. It does not reside in the Hainish universe setting but upon a ship bound for a distant planet. Generations are born and die upon the ship as it crosses the vastness of space towards its destination. We watch one of those generations grow up and deal with a crisis of faith. In the end, we are presented with the answer chosen by the characters through whom we see the story. Typical of her skill, however, Le Guin does not present this solution as an absolute. That these people are protagonists does not make them absolutely right; other choices remain valid and are not demonized.Most refreshing for me, is the number of stories in this collection that have, for at least part of their narrative, the voices of children. For her last couple of books, Le Guin was excercising a mature voice, one of parents, grandparents, rulers burdened with great decisions. I suspected the trend followed Le Guin's own aging; that she was now writing the books of her maturity while previous ones were the books of her youth. In this collection, however, we see that her talent cannot be so easily pigeon-holed. The youthful voices speak with vigor and candor. The ideas are fresh, whole; they make a maddening sense and immerse you fully in their gossamer worlds.With each new release, Le Guin demonstrates that she is master of her craft.
This is a great book, the title story is worth it, the rest are just as good and can be thought of as a bonus. One comment, science fiction is not all about lasers and rockets, the great stories are often about people and seeing reality or a fantasy in new and surprising ways.
It is so funny and a very good example. And I like how Michael and mia END up dating I bet Michael is totally hot.
"The Forever War" by Joe HaldemanAn interstellar war has begun. The mysterious Taurans who appear responsible for the destruction of some of Earth's ships are now in our cross airs. The only problem is that the battlefields can only be reached through Collapars or worm holes. For those who travel through it seems instantaneous however large amounts of time pass on Earth displacing the soilders in time. Although gone for only a few months, a hundred or more years may have passed on Earth. Even if William Mandella survives the first battle of the war he may not survive all the social, cultural and economic changes that have taken place on earth in the meantime. It might even be bad enough that the war is the preferable...Haldeman presents some interesting ideas about interstellar war. The book isn't just about the war but also about the changes taking place on Earth in the meantime. Depending on how many jumps the soldiers have to take the displacement can be more than 100 years and the depicted evolution of mankind is interesting.The Good: Great ideas and execution. The book is as much about the main character William Mandella and his dealing with his ever changing race as it is about the war. Haldeman's vision about humanity and how it changes culturally and socially both in and out of the military is what makes this story interesting as well as the interesting changes in the military and how if functions.The Bad: Nothing memorable.Overall: A definite sci-fi classic. A must read.
We have 3 cats at home and my son loved reading this book since the cat in the book reminds him of his own. The story line is so cute and this book is great for beginners.
Rarely does a book do such a good job informing the reader in a way that can change lives. John Gray helps the reader understand there are inevitable differences between men and women and the key to success in relationships is to understand and navigate those differences rather than to try and change or ignore them. I also highly recommend Men in Marriage: Straight Talk For Men About Marriage: What Men Need to Know About Marriage (And What Women Need to Know About Men)by Marty Friedman.
I'm 63 years old and have been reading some heavy hitting historical books lately that honestly got me a bit depressed.  So this was a most wonderful escape.  Every bit as lovely as the movie. You can just hear Judy Garland's voice on every page.
The new Thea Kliros illustrated edition of "The Wizard of Oz" is a beautiful book.There are 22 full page illustrations, and many smaller ones through the 163 pages of the book.
War is bad, and takes way too long.An obvious anti-war criticism piece, as we follow the two protagonists through a war between humans and aliens. The smartest, strongest and fastest young are recruited to be soldiers in this fight, and some of them don't even make it through training, and everyone knows only a small percentage will survive, perhaps.Because of time dilation effects coming back from missions survived will mean much time has passed on Earth and the combatants will feel out of place and inclined to sign up with the military again as people that understand them.An outstanding example of its type.The book is a 'fix-up' if you like, taken from a novella, two novelettes and a short story published in Analog magazine.The details, with the book name for the piece second :-Forever War : Hero [Private Mandella] - Joe W. HaldemanForever War : We Are Very Happy Here [Sergeant Mandella 2007-2024 A.D.] - Joe W. HaldemanForever War : This Best of All Possible Worlds [Lieutenant Mandella 2024-2389 A.D.] - Joe W. HaldemanForever War : End Game [Major Mandella 2458-3143] - Joe W. Haldeman"...Then some bright lad in the General Assembly decided that we ought to field an army of footsoldiers to guard the portal planets of the nearer collapsars. This led to the Elite Conscription Act of 1996 and the most elitely conscripted army in the history of warfare."5 out of 5Stuck in an interstellar war for a bloody long time, lying bastich Army.5 out of 5Panty raid, prosthetics and promotion.4 out of 5When the war is over got to start again. After a worldclone debrief and a time machine shuttle meetup.4.5 out of 5
Abarat felt like an old fashioned travelogue, a book written solely to describe the people and the places that Candy encountered in her travels. Instead of advancing a story, the focus of each new chapter was seemingly to top the one before in terms of magic, weirdness, and the surreal. I found that I could put it down for weeks at a time (something I've never been able to do with a Barker book before), pick it back up, and effortlessly resume mid-paragraph. Not only that, but it felt . . . well, childish. I realise it's meant as a young adult read, but so was The Thief of Always, and that was an all-night, single-setting read for me.Fortunately, it seems Barker got the `Disney' out of his system with Abarat, and is back to doing what he does best with Days of Magic, Nights of War. It's still a story of magic, weirdness, and the surreal, but it's just that - a real story. Here, we get into the thick of the plot, exploring who Candy really is, what brought her to the Abarat, and what role she has to play in its future. Things actually happen in this second volume, and there are consequences for all of it. What's more, this is a much darker story than the first, allowing Barker's imagination to shine.The first book hinted at the evils of Christopher Carrion, and showed us glimpses of Mater Motley's cruelty, but really restrained them. Here, Barker lets them loose, exposing their plans for the Abarat, and confronting us with the depths of their hatred, their cruelty, and their selfish vindictiveness. There's a very real tension to this volume, a palatable sense of dread and danger that was missing from the first. As a result, I felt an emotional attachment to the characters that I hadn't been able to form in the first, compelling me to read on, to cheer their triumphs, and to mourn their losses.I also liked the fact that we returned to the `real' world in this book. I think it was the development of events outside the Abarat, and the progression of the stories there added something to the book I didn't realise was lacking. Maybe it's the contrast, or maybe it's the connection, but returning to Chickentown turned this from a good read to a great one. There's still a wonderful fairy tale of fable feel to the Abarat, especially with the developing backstory and the new aspects of the mythology, and I hope Barker never loses that.However, I like this darker turn towards events of significance, and I really hope Absolute Midnight carries that forward. Of course, if you've read the series then you understand that the title alone promises things aren't about to get happy any time soon.
The 1st of many Dr. Barry Sears'excellent books on secret to health and optimal physical performance - a must read for everyone who is serious about getting well and to perform at the highest level thru what we eat!
Got it from the library. Ordered some as presents and had to get a copy for ourselves. My 5 year old son (and I) love it. First read it probably when he was 3 or so. First found Let's Tug which is great too, then found this one by same authors who are fantastic. great words, great photos, an alphabet garbage too. A new way to look at passing garbage trucks! Get it!
Awesome read. Classic. Right up there with Enders Game.  Picked it up and pretty much didn't put it down till I finished.
This is the second time I have read Prisoner of Desire and it was as much fun to read as eighteen months ago.  I did not write reviews then but could still remember the plot lines well which is unusual because I have read at least 300 books since then.  This book was written during an era of romance writing that portrayed aggressive heroes who indulged in a single or occasional scene of non-consensual sex.  This book definitely falls into that category but it is very different in that both the alpha hero and innocent heroine take their turn as the aggressor of these scenes.  I picked it up knowing it contained some of those scenes but remembered, aside from all of that, is was a fun, not-to-be-put-down type of book.  It takes you from sadness to laughter repeatedly and cruelty to kindness more than once.It's 1152 in England, and Rowena Belleme has been forced into a marriage with a very elderly man by the machinations of her greedy stepbrother, Gilbert.  Although Rowena owns lands that have long been in her family, Gilbert controls all of her properties and wants Rowena to marry a wealthy lord and thereby increase her holdings.  Gilbert wants the additional lands but NEEDS the additional fighting men the alliance will provide.  A formidable, powerful, vastly wealthy and certainly vengeful warlord is fighting Gilbert on many fronts.  This lord and formidable knight is none other than the hero, Warrick deChaville.  Warrick is only fighting Gilbert in retribution for his attempted seizure of one of Warrick's holdings.  And one thing Warrick does very well is exact "utter destruction on anyone so unwise as to encroach on what was his."Rowena, a spirited, young, and truly innocent woman, must participate in Gilbert's awful schemes because he holds her mother's life in his hands and will beat her or even kill her if Rowena refuses.  Gilbert places one condition upon her marriage to the decrepit lord - she must produce an heir.  None of his holdings will transfer to Rowena upon his death without an heir.  When the old man is unable to produce an heir, Gilbert's men capture a younger man in a bathhouse who possesses similar physical features to Rowena's husband.  They are to take a serf or villein - certainly no one of nobility.  But it is a bathhouse and their chosen prey, Warrick deChaville, is not wearing any trappings of nobility or wealth.  Gilbert does not realize the horrible mistake he has just made and chains Warrick in a bedchamber and commands Rowena to use him to produce an heir.And oh --- that's just the beginning pages of the book.  Things only get more and more involved, spiraling deeper and deeper as you consume the pages with greater and greater speed.  Although there are a few predictable situations of typical romance writing, this story is rather unusual in that you do not know what to expect next.  Just when I had figured out what I thought would happen next, it didn't.Warrick is an unforgiving and hard hero.  Rowena is a subjugated and overpowered heroine first by Gilbert and then by Warrick.  But slowly her spunk begins to show.  And the pages just get more enjoyable as Rowena begins to stand up for herself.  It's a delicate undertaking to confront her captor without totally alienating him.  She is in no way bratty or self centered.  Her actions are always those of a true lady and she is ruled by kindness.  She is a very lovable heroine and Warrick eventually becomes a likable guy - but it takes a while for him to get there.Another interesting aspect of this book is the unusual villain, Gilbert.  Although he is dastardly as expected, he has a soft spot in his heart for Rowena.  You actually find yourself pitying him more than hating him because he doesn't seem to know better.  He is quite nice compared to his really, really awful father.  He loves Rowena but has no idea how to show it.  He is actually crushed when Rowena rejects him after he has beaten her mother to force her to do as he wishes.  His father, after all, had beat her mother all the time, so what is so bad about him doing the same?  Geeesh!  But yet you do find him somewhat of a sympathetic character - errr - villain.There is no way to avoid the sensual nature of this book.  It is intricately woven into most of the story.  However, this book, in no way, is centered on the sexual scenes.  This is an excellent and at times severe story that demands it be told - first and foremost.  It is also one romance novel that is aptly named - Prisoner of My Desire.  It is literal in more ways than one.  The sensual scenes, while not as explicit as you would find in a book of this nature today, are still strong.  These scenes rate a solid 4.5 out of 5.0 (see More About Me for rating guidelines).Prisoner of My Desire is one of several Lindsey earlier romance novels on my keeper shelf.  Although the story line is sometimes harsh, it is totally captivating as long as you are prepared for it.  Gird yourself up for one fascinating read.
Classic science fiction. Heavy on the science. It's great for those of us who grew up with Heinlein and Asimov.
I have Been a loyal reader for years. Ms. Jenkin have introduced characters of Such strength and virtue. I Love Loreli story it was worth the wait. I recommend this book to mother, aunts and sisters.Beverly Jenkins Rocks?
This book was so exciting.  I just simply loved it.  It is the second book in the Abarat series and furthers Candy's adventures in the Abarat.  Old characters return, such as: John Mischief, Malingo, and all of the other characters, as well as awesome new charaters: Finnegan Hob, Letheo, and some others.  It was really exciting and I found it really hard to set down.  It didn't take me very long to read and I love it so much, i just an't wait for the next one to come out.  I love ABARAT.
The book shows us what it was like for one African American family is the 1930's.  The family starts out poor.  They are a hard working farm family.  The family makes a move to the North.  Here they find a better way of life of their family and things start to look up for them.The book included a CD of Billie Holiday singing the song that inspired the book.We would recommend this book to teachers and homeschoolers who are doing a study on African American history.  The pictures really help to bring the time period to life.
A few reviews below tell you the ending of the book, so if you want to read the entire book and  play &quot;juror&quot;, then please do not read all of the reviews.I played &quot;Juror&quot; as I read the book, and I  was floating back and forth the entire novel...so that tells me 1 very  importnat thing that the author has made his point and done so  effectively.Certainly a well deserved winner of the first Prinz Award  for Young Adult Fiction.
I enjoyed this book very much. A great baseball story then gave mr incites into the game I never knew..  If you like baseball this is a great book to read.
For some fathers, it is easy for forget that young children will model themselves on their parents.  One of the best ways to have that reminder be a pleasant spur to being a better role model is to read this book.  In this tongue-twisting, extra-arm-and-leg sporting tribute to fathers, you'll get lots of laughter and bonding.  I recommend this book as a gift from a child for father's day.Doodlebugs have four arms and hands.  As a result, they can do a lot more than you or I can.Here are some examples of the wordplay:You will hear about &quot;soup-and-noodle bugs&quot; and &quot;apple strudel bugs.&quot;  To do this, you have to go to &quot;Mayfly's Diner.&quot;At the zoo, they eat &quot;potoodle chips&quot; because Daddy is a &quot;foodlebug.&quot;They can walk their &quot;poodlebug&quot; which has 6 legs and paws.Outdoors, they &quot;padoodle&quot; their canoe.  Also, they go for &quot;bugoodle rides&quot; in the park.Looking for fireflies after dark, they play &quot;hoodle and seek bug.&quot;You will also learn about &quot;tagoodlebug,&quot; &quot;fairytoodles,&quot; &quot;Goldiebug,&quot; &quot;Robin Hoodlebug,&quot; &quot;storyoodlebug,&quot; and &quot;bedboodles.&quot;As you can see, the reading here will make Peter Piper picking his peck of pickled peppers seem like a snap.A good way to enjoy this book is to make up your own language and pretend that you and your child are different kinds of creatures that you both find to be fun.  You may soon have a fiction author emerging from your word play!Take off from where you are to more humorous and happy realms together with your child!
I enjoyed this book better than the first. It all starts when Mia's mother and her algebra teacher start going out. Then her mom gets pregnant, and they want to get married. But Mia's grandmere, starts planning this really fancy wedding. Its not what the bride and groom want.Will they elope or use the fancy wedding? Read the book to find out
People keep putting Neal Stephenson's books into "science fiction".  Even if they take place today, or 60 years ago.  Yes I loved it, but I think his books are increasingly miscategorized.Or perhaps there's a hidden meaning to "science fiction".I think it's this:In order to make a book interesting you have to make something extreme or weird or new.  In many books, authors resort to making one or more characters cruel or psychologically tortured, depressed or otherwise dysfunctional.In "science fiction", the characters are generally intellient, clever, well balanced and otherwise normal....  it's just the world they inhabit that's gone arwy.Something is only reviewed as "serious literature" if the characters are broken in some way, but if the *world* is wrong.... it's called "science fiction".  Even if it takes place 40 years ago.
I like these books and have the first three in the series in our library, but I wouldn't recommend a steady diet of them and I would suggest reading them with your child to see how they go over.I'm not crazy about the "I hate school" angle. Even though it's not really true for the narrator A.J., it's a refrain that he and his classmates seem compelled to repeat, as though you're supposed to hate school even if you really don't. That, and the occasionally negative vibe that goes along with it actually detract from the overall enjoyment of the book. I don't mind the "dumbhead" type references the kids make toward each other, since it's all pretty mild, but I really believe that real first and second graders actually treat each other with more respect than the author gives them credit for.That all said, the books have interesting stories, they are not at all mean spirited, they are easy to read with age appropriate words and sentences, and they can have a nice sense of fun.The books certainly aren't as crude or sour as some other books aimed at this age group, and they aren't fart-and-booger centric, but they are just cartoony enough to give one pause.
The Perfect Lover by Stephanie Laurens is one of my favorite books.  This one has a great mystery story with lot of sex and romance.
this was a great book, i read it in no time.  it is an exciting tle of two sisters and a fearsome journey.  wonderful story, it is well written.
I never read fiction, but this kept me interested.  Good book.  Not for young kids.  I thought the book was especially interesting if you know it is written by a war veterine.
Jessica Stern's Terror in the God is a revealing analysis of what happens when ideas and places are mixed with god and given a divinely purpose. By speaking to terrorist leaders and recruits, Stern creates an engaging, thought-provoking book about the nature of religious terrorism. The combining of terrorism with God creates a super-potent cocktail for violence because the goals of the organization now have sanction from a higher power providing all the justification many leaders and followers need to justify their actions. Stern does not target one individual religion as any religion can be used as a pretense for evil. However, Stern goes further in her interviews by providing insight as to why some people join terrorist organizations, while not making broad sweeping generalizations or creating the prototypical image of a terrorist. Highly recommended reading for anyone interested in learning about religious terrorism.
The title of this review says it all. Know why there's so many backstage-revealing books on the wrestling business, why there's so many biographies of mat grapplers being written? This book right here is why. 500 pages long and one of the most entertaining books I have ever read. You know what the book's premise is by now, so I won't rehash it. But I will say that after reading this book, not only was I still a fan of Mankind/Cactus Jack/Mick Foley the wrestler, but I gained and to this day still have a TREMENDOUS amount of respect for Mick Foley as a human being.If there was ever a book that could ever be called entertaining and inspirational at the same time, here it is. The story of how a young kid from New York fought his way to the top of the wrestling business is amazing and heartwarming, and funny as all heck to boot.My absoulute highest recommendation, if you're a wrestling fan or just want to read a good biography and/or something to make you feel good and laugh your [head] off, pick this up. I cannot praise this book enough.
The one thing Amazon reviewers seemed to not mention were the characters. They stand out in mind. I also loved the twisting back and forth in time. So much of the book was extremely graphic for me, such as the scene where we (as readers of the book) chance upon the explosion of the Hindenburg blimp. Among popular novels, this is one of my favorites. As a computer scientist I also enjoyed the themes about cryptography and technologists.
From the first moments when Felicity comes to after the car crash, I'm sooooooo hooked.  And Michael Magee ... love, love, love him.  When he walks that slack rope ... Great characters!  Great story!!!  Made me want more of Christie Ridgway's books!!!
This is one of the most erudite books written and will help anyone who doesn't understand or recognize that religion isn't between people or lands-- it is in our hearts.This book contains seven volumes of Lewis's works.1. Mere Christianity2. The Screwtape Letters3. Miracles4. The Great Divorce5. The Problem of Pain6. A Grief Observed7.The abolition of ManA great intellectual and philosopher, C.S. Lewis's unique approach to communicating, his prose, understanding of Christianity is thought provoking and interesting. He tells a great story, engages the reader and asks the reader questions that make you ponder (last section).  Mere Christianity is one of the most widely read Christian stories other than the Bible.There are other great stories--such as The Screwtape Letters which is also fascinating. This book is worth every penny!
I don't know why the reviews for this book are so mixed. I loved it...if fact this book is one of my favorite Lisa Kleypas books, only 2nd to "Dreaming of You". And I've read many many Kleypas books! The setting is a nice change from regency england. This book is very original in the plot and the characters have great chemistry. Great book!!!READ IT
Although some of the implications of plot twists were a little far fetched, at all times I found the actions of the individuals believable.  This demonstration of writing ability is something of note in a novel that also presents actual Perl code, graphs, and contains an appendix explaining an actual crypto system used in the story.  Combine all the elements of a cyberpunk novel with many apt analogies and cynical humor about the current state of the world, throw in some historical context too, and you end up with a wonderful read.
I hate to write "reviews" because it implies that I'm in qualified to judge the text in some way. I have no business criticizing anyone's literary work, but I can't resist sharing how much I enjoyed this book.  Every now and then I stumble onto a book that's so fresh and so much fun  that it's a genuine treat. That's what this one was for me. After reading  the 900+ pages, I asked myself what really happened in the book. Well,  everything and nothing happened. How a book so economical on plot can be so  exorbitant on compelling storytelling is a mystery to me. Boggles my mind.  I can't recall another book that taught me just as much as it made me  laugh. I'm really struggling to avoid the "journey is it's own reward"  clich&eacute;, but I can't do it. It's the truth. I was sad when the journey  ended.
How do you deal with the emotional rollercoaster of catching the Sex God, and then losing him? That's what the main character, Georgia Nicolson, has to try and get through. Georgia is a 14 year old girl living in England (in the present day). The book starts out with Georgia living out her perfect dream. She is he girlfriend of a SEX GOD. But soon, she loses him o her enemy, Wet Lindsey. In an effort to get him back, she starts dating one of the Sex God's friends, David the Laugh. Throughout the confusion of that she has to deal with her poodle attacking cat, her (married) mother flirting with Dr. "George Clooney", and some definitely air-headed friends.This is my favorite book I have ever read. But, I do have a favorite part in particular. You have to understand though, I had been laid over in the Kansas City Airport for 6 hours and I was completely sleep deprived. Anyways, my favorite part is when Georgia described how her little sister was sitting on her lap and she "let off the smelliest, loudest fart known to humanity. It came out of her bum-oly with such force that she lifted off my knee. Like a hovercraft".After reading this book, it is clear to see that the main idea of this book is just learning how to deal with growing up and moving past the obstacles that life throws at you. You have to make all the wrong choices to finally see why the good choice is the best choice.I loved how the problems Georgia went through were not only hysterical, but could also be recognized by all. The only thing that I would change about the book would be the format. I don't really like the whole diary-entry format. I believe that girls between the ages of 11-17 should read this book. They would relate to the trials and triumphs of Georgia the best.
My young teenage daughter loves Gail Carson Levine's books.  They are packed with adventure and humor. She doesn't disappoint. Great fun.
I gave this book four stars because it is such a good book and Sharon Creech is such a good author. There are a whole bunch of other books by her too. The Wanderer was such a heart warming book. There is this girl that tells stories about a boy named Bompie, her name is Sophie. She told a whole bunch of stories about him. When they got to Bompie's little cottage they walked up to the door and the nurse came to open the door and said "come in" so as soon as they got in and walked into Bompie's room and they asked Bompie if he knew who they were he kept on saying the incorret name he always got another chance with another person. Then they all said who the were. -Madisyn Sunnybrook
I JUST STARTED THIS BOOK AND I'M SWEPTED OF MY FEET.  ONCE AGAIN MS ROBY YOU HAVE FULL ATTENTION.  I'M ALREADY WAITING ON YOUR NEXT BOOK!!FOREVER A FAN
A rather modern academic book examining how beauty keeps women restrained in relation to: work, culture, religion, sex, hunger and violence.I found this a great book to read with a grain of salt. The book presents much more of how the beauty myth operates rather than why, or examining the causality behind the beauty myth. In general much of the book reads as intuitively plausible, minus the quasi-conspiracy theory parts. A few generalizations seemed over the top, such as make-up sellers using cult practices to maximally promote their product. There are notes in the back of the book, but I would have found footnotes much more helpful to know while reading where the information is coming from. The strongest chapters were work, hunger, and sex.On the other hand, Wolf does tend to beat a dead horse with repeating some of her ideas, especially in the beginning. Wolf also very quickly shuts down any argument with measures of beauty correlating to evolution. But it seems that a tiny bit of beauty reasoning might be found here, since cross culturally similar waist to hip ratios are preferred.All in all this was a powerful read, showing many cases of brutality and unfairness against women. The book is very thought provoking as to what feminism means, and how to try and promote it without backlash.If a second edition of this book were produced, it would be interesting to examine how stupidity has been eroticised, how the beauty myth has spread further to males, how gender presentation affects the beauty myth, and looking at the beauty myth with respect to queer people. If the beauty myth does exist, beyond the products existing, then I would like to see the causality and how it was created intentionally to keep women out of power explored more. The current version of The Beauty Myth is written and caters to a very straight, middle-class, white, and cis audience.I would recommend this to any woman who wants to examine their concept of beauty, and any person who wants to think more about this issue.
The author spins a good tale, although sometimes too slowly. He does a neat job of showing the real life events that might be transformed into magic in a fairy tale. Real enough to be believable but just enough magic to make it seem fantastical.A somewhat slight read, it won't make you question life, but it was enjoyable.
I've read books and seen movies that retell this story in many different ways; however, this one is my favorite. I enjoyed seeing a more realistic portrayal of the stepsisters, instead in of most stories, where they are depicted as being evil. Also, the ending of this book is more convincing than the fairy-tale idea that the characters will live happily ever after once they get married. But, the book isn't completely harsh and realistic. There are some parts that seem almost magical, but not in a way that seems implausible. Another aspect of this book that I liked was the illustrations at the beginning of every chapter-it's always easier on my imagination when there are pictures to look at. Overall, I liked this book a lot better than Wicked, the other novel by Maguire that I read. This is mainly because the characters were easier to sympathize and relate to. This is one of my favorite books and I would recommend it to everyone.
What an interesting take on the Cinderella story.  You can tell Maguire must have done his research as to the origins of the story and the time period it was first told.  The point of view was great!  As always, Maguire writes a rich, full novel that gives a compelling backstory to one of our favorite tales.  Can't wait for another one!
Fabulous book for those involved in eating raw food.  Great recipes, easy to understand with lots of photos to help you prepare food.  Highly recommend.
Tackling any book of 900+ pages is an effort... but when it's of the exceptional quality of Cryptonomicon, it's an effort to be enjoyed. I can't praise this book enough - part historical fiction, part hacker epic, you'll find yourself wrapped up in the not-so-implausible world that Stephenson creates.Employees at dot coms will love his boilerplate business plan - so accurate it's almost eerie. Hackers will love his in-depth explanations of phreaking, data havens, and cryptanalysis. History buffs will love his attention to detail, his weaving of multiple WWII plot lines (Enigma, Bletchley Park, sub warfare, the battle in the pacific) and his ability to connect the past with the present. In short, there's something for everyone.Reading Cryptonomicon was, for me, much like reading Stephen King's The Stand. It's an epic tale with almost too much to digest in one reading. The characters are real, you'll find yourself identifying closely with at least one of the characters, and you'll connect to the story in a very personal way.To really enjoy the book, you'll need to embrace Stephenson's sometimes wandering eye... what seems like a digression (and the digressions may end up taking 40-50 pages) really is relevant, and the rides are often quite fun. Stephenson has a gift for making extraordinarily complex science and math digestible for laypeople, but you will have to pay attention. There's little here that can be ignored, or you'll find yourself skipping back a chapter or two to fill in a whole.Apparently this book was close to twice as long when originally submitted, and Stephenson &quot;ripped&quot; much of it out in the interest of &quot;brevity&quot;. (!) Fortunately for us, that means that the sequel/prequel can't be too far behind.
This is one amazing book that not only fans of the band should read, but all people interested in music and sleazy Hollywood tales that comes with the territory. It is hard to top the cast of the Crue compromising the the wild characters Lee, Sixx, Mars &amp; Neil. This book gives you all the wild stories of rock, sex and drugs you'd like and also some revealing insights on the personalities behind it. Motley Crue's debauchery is right up there with Led Zeppelin, Ozzy and Aerosmith---good company ahh?
I loved the story... I have yet to see the movie, and I bet it shall be different.... but it is a great story
This is an amazing book.  If by the time you have finished it you have not picked up a pen and written an angry letter to the editor (any editor of any newspaper), I will be surprised.  This book moved me to act, and I am not sure the last time that happened; perhaps college?As a documentary film maker, Moore is at his best when he has a clear point to make and not all chapters in this book are equal, but there is something here for everyone.  Moore's analysis of what really happened in the 2000 Presidential election is worth the price of the book. I have to admit, it upset me so much I put it down (several times, in fact) and picked it up again when calmer.For those of you who caught Moore's late lamented show on Bravo Network, "The Awful Truth," you will be familiar with the technique: Moore starts off with a situation, exaggerates it to humorous effect, and then tightens the noose until you realize that he was not kidding.  It stops being satire and suddenly turns into reporting, and it is a stunning moment when you realize that he is letting the information speak for itself.This is what Moore wants: Read this book, get educated, and get involved.  The powers that be do not want this (when has a book been on the best seller list of the NY Times for tens of weeks without being reviewed?).As an FYI, Moore backs up his claims with an elaborate Notes and Sources section at the end of the book, and you can do your own research.
Thank you so much for the book. I am reading it now to the class and they love it! The book came in great condition.
This was an outstanding epic about the life and the traumas causing and caused by schizophrenia. 40-year-old Dominick Birdseye's identical twin Thomas is a victim of this horrible disease. For years, he has been dealing with the devastating effects of having a loved one drifting in and out of a state psychiatric facility under minimum security, putting up with his religious rantings about how he is a prophet of God. However, when Thomas does the unthinkable and cuts off his own hand in a sacrifice to call President Bush's attention to stopping the Gulf War, things will not be so simple. Instead, Dominick's brother will be placed in the cruel confines of maximum security in a forensic psychiatric institute. Once he is there, Dominick is forced to confront all the pain he feels as the survivor of insanity, having mirrored every instance of injustice which was faced by his brother, while in the meantime facing the frustrations of daily life such as his not-yet-dead love for his ex-wife, the death of his infant baby, the victim of his stepfather's abuse (while never knowing who the real father of the two illegitimate twins is), the knowledge that his mother always favored his gentler brother, and the prowling of a much younger girlfriend.This book is so complex! Author Lamb was granted an NEA prize just to write this book and it is easy to see why. Inspite of its near 900 pages, you will find yourself making dents in it daily because it is such an attention-holder. What I liked was that author Lamb gives us a whole spectrum of interesting characters, yet gives us a full window, rather than just a glance, of what their lives are like. There is Dessa, Dominick's Greek-orthodox, gentle yet determined ex-wife, there is Ray Birdseye, his gruff, ex-marine step-father, Leo, his sleazy yet good-hearted bestfriend, married to Dominick's ex-wife's sister, and Lisa, the crew-cut sporting, tough-talking but kind psychiatric social worker, who fights hard for Thomas--and of course, many many more. Interestingly, as Dominick fights to hold onto the pieces of his marred and tortured life, everything that he does is paralleled with an autobiography of his grandfather, an Italian immigrant who lived a life of self-righteousness which led ultimately to tragedy. You will find yourself attracted to the way that in spite of the pain and depression which steep in this tale, everything about it is so creatively expressed; you will manage to walk away feeling uplifted when you have finished this book. This is a masterfully-crafted work, amazingly well-written as author Lamb gives us not just a glimpse, but a fully-articulated portrait of the lives of those affected by a chronic psychiatric order.
Definitely worth the read, although I didn't actually 'read' it myself (borrowed the audio book from a friend). Intergalactic war isn't a new idea and I can think of several other authors (Orson Scott Card, Marshall S Thomas...) who have somewhat similar books, but Forever War works out nicely and stakes out its own space.The plot is thus: A ordinary fellow with a degree in physics is basically drafted to become a member of a relatively small Army force, a force being formed to fight aliens who have attacked a human space expedition. The facts aren't all in about who started the war, or why, or who they are fighting (unknowns that add significant interest to the story), but this doesn't stop Earth from mounting a determined (counter?)attack.One of the best aspects of this book is its somewhat fatalistic aura. The main characters are just normal folk without much to say about their part in the war. None of them are professional killers, or Soldier of Fortunes, but area instead draftees or, as later shown, unemployed people recruited during a very tight job market on Earth. This creates a strong feeling of empathy that never totally bubbles to the top, never really demanding your attention so to speak; it instead flows as an undercurrent. You can't help but feel how the big chain of events sweep them along.This book was good enough so that Forever Peace is next on my list.
This is a good example of the around-the-world Ludlum/Clancey type thriller.  It's set in both WWII and the present-day as we follow the fate of Japanese gold buried in the Philippines.  We are treated to WWII commando raids, submarine rides, a long treatise on how to eat Capt. Crunch cereal, several long lessons on cryptology, and various fascinating ruminations on uber-geekdom.The story line is solid and will keep you flipping the pages but it gets a bit slow for my taste toward the end.  I would have preferred this 900 page book to have been about 200 pages lighter.This would make a great &quot;going on a trip&quot; book.  Not too dumb, but easy to read nonetheless.
An amusing story of romance, chase, misunderstanding and mutual attraction.Thoroughly enjoyable!I think you will stay up late to finish it!
Incredibly well worth reading if you like multiple disparate plots going on during more than one time period on various parts of the earth with some real historical events (WWII, early days of the Internet 1990s, etc.) and persons mixed in and with some characters/plots that seem, for hundreds of pages, to have nothing to do with other characters/plots. Well, I enjoy that sort of thing. A few times in the book I thought the descriptions were a bit too lengthy (Just get on with it!) but even those were either interesting or amusing or both.The author certainly has an eye for detail.  He also has a knack for interweaving lives of characters from all over the planet with a wide array of background, including Americans, Brits, Germans, Swedes, Filipinos, Australians, Chinese, Japanese, etc.The writing style manages to allow the reader crawl right into the brain of the main character, a likable, very intelligent fellow, who hasn't been the brightest bulb with social skills on occasion. His thoughts and emotions, both ordinary and extraordinary, are very clearly felt by the reader as events move along and take all sorts of bizarre turns.The author also manages to throw several words into every chapter that I do not know. This is fun, because I like learning new words (and the Kindle will automatically look most of them up for me), but I do not recall ever reading a book in which I looked up so many words (including some technical scientific and linguistic works). It is not a difficult read, by any means, but despite my own inflated sense of being a highly educated person with a pretty vast vocabulary, I was always stumbling on something new. Yes, I enjoy that sort of thing, too.I read this book on the suggestion of a couple of friends (thanks James and John). Why do I always read the longest books? I have no idea. However, this one was worth the read. In print it is 1,000-1,100 pages, I think.  I read it on the Kindle (thank you Amazon for saving my eyesight) and 5-10% of the length is after matter that explains some of the cryptography details as well as some of the development of the plots and ideas and so forth.  These also make interesting reading.
I just love this guy. Starting with a simple urge to connect with his neighbors, Yossi Halevi embarks on an awkward, fascinating, dangerous journey through Israel, the West Bank and Gaza. He discovers a series of surprising characters who dream, not just of peace between Jews, Muslims and Christians, but of spiritual friendship. And the story of these fragile, budding friendships becomes an adventure of almost overwhelming power.I want to quote from one episode, where Halevi and a madcap Jew called Eliyahu Charanamrit McLean attend a mosque in Karawa village on the West Bank:"This mosque was a family project: Everyone here belonged to the Abu-Laben clan. They were working class people; the shaykh himself was a car mechanic."What do the other Muslims think of you?" Eliyahu asked."That we're crazy," replied Saud's father. "They think we chant the name of 'Abdallah' instead of 'Allah"". Laughter.I asked Saud what he experienced during the zakir [or dance of remembering God]. "That our hearts kept getting closer and closer to God," he said, with the Sufi vagueness I'd so often encountered from Ibrahim. ...Ibrahim, not to be poetically outdone, added "Our souls went up to heaven like clouds"."When you pray together," said the shaykh's father, "you form one heart".I felt sad for this forlorn Sufi Shteibl. Here was an Islam with which we could make peace, yet it was almost absurdly perepheral. Still, maybe the fact that a handful of Muslims and Jews had danced together was enough for God to work with; perhaps He would magnify our prayers, widen the circle of ecstasy." (p. 104-105)Halevi is realist enough to claim no easy victories. As the level of sectarian violence rises again, his network of friends retains little but hope and prayer. It's a marvelous book.-author of Correcting Jesus
There is certainly no lack of written material on the great Alfred Hitchcock. Being asked to teach a six week course on him I finally settled on Patrick McGilligan's excellent work. It does not sensationalize the so called &#34;dark side&#34; of the man, but it also gives a balanced depiction of the director as a person. At over 700 pages it has enough space to address each film in enough depth to give a new appreciation of Hitchcock's achievements. In paperback form it is a bargain.
I wish they made a companion book for the parents of the children who read this book - no, really - I am serious.  Maybe the parents can simply read this along with their children and talk about the "parent" way these lessons in self esteem/self love continue to show up long after the baby teeth fall out and the teams are chosen for kick ball.Perhaps the parents need to read this as a bedtime story for thirty consecutive days and keep a diary of how their own self esteem changes over the 30 days.The vivid colors, the rhyming verse style of expression, the alternating boy and girl story teller (I love that it is not a "girl" book or a "boy" book.  I wish there were some so-so days mixed in, too - yet that is another piece parents can weave in for their children.Most of the scenarios are either highs or lows - and certainly relatable.Excellent choice which can be read over and over and over and recalled when the tough moments - and moments from celebration - appear in the life of a child.
I don't know why I bought this book. I bought it like I buy so many other books, on compulsion. I allowed it into the house for a couple of days all-the-while thinking to myself - why? I'm not a Motley Crue fan. Except, perhaps, for a brief flirtation with them via the Shout At The Devil recording back when I was in high school.After reading this book, however, I feel like I've had to reevaluate my relationship with the band; I've become a reluctant Motley Crue fan. I could not put The Dirt down and down I went. The arrangement of the book is well done in that it does not follow the insipid "what I did over my summer vacation" format. It is linear, but not strictly. The quality of articulation varies from band member to band member. I found Tommy's the most difficult to read because of his excessive use of "dude" & etc.I especially found myself sympathizing with some of the band members, in particular: Nikki Sixx and Mick Mars, but more on a personal level. All the members of the band, however, have gone through their share of adverse times and at the very least deserve empathy. Despite the numerous tales of wretched revelry (which, really made me gag and, oddly enough, smile at the same time) I never once felt like any one of these guys were pretentiously glorifying their escapades and abuses. I agree with one of the reviewers for this book, that there was a remarkable sense of honesty in all accounts. Motley Crue approached the subject of their lives with a good balance between self-depreciation, equanimity, and humor. The business and social aspects of rock and roll are absurd and deranged (especially at the stratospheric level of fame they achieved) and for these guys to have made it out seemingly alive and more wise is inspirational. The book manages to express this very well.If you're a fan of rock & roll, then I highly recommend this book.
This is a wild and crazy book, recounting the lives and times of the rock band M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e. It was very enjoyable to read and quite the page turner. The book takes you through the lives of the band members individually and together as a whole. From the beginning up until publication of the book. It's amazing that these guys are still alive. Very good read.
Jerry Stahl's "Pain Killers" is dark, funny, disturbing, nauseating, and entertaining. The main character, Manny Rubert, is a stereotypical ex-undercover cop recovering junkie, but somehow that works. Manny and the other characters are well defined and interesting, if not particularly likable. The modern-day plot is coherent, compelling, and possibly even plausible. The story delves deeply into morality, but cleverly and without lectures, holding a mirror up for the reader to examine his own soul and potential behavior. The story also shines a light on history and the modern perceptions of history, reminding us that history books are written by the victors and to truly understand history, it is necessary to understand the context of events and delve deeply enough into historical events to truly understand what happened. Yes, the losers may have been evil, but that does not mean the victors were innocent angels.
Michael mmor has taken courage to write this book, the essence of non-pc  so he is thinking for himself.  he is saying what should and needes to be said against this country.  alternativ voice is what Jefferson and was all about.
I'm decorating my study and a guest bedroom in "shabby chic" so I found this book valuable in knowing what to look for at resale shops, garage sales, etc.  Her market area is different than mine but the principles are the same.  This book doesn't replace Ashwell's other books on shabby chic decorating but it certainly helps in learning how to get items to achieve the look.
After The Baroque Cycle, this is my favorite book by Neal Stephenson. It's full of history, excitement, wonderful characters and incredibly engaging scenarios. One of Stephenson's best books ever! A must read!!
This book was good, and funny, also. Mia is actually happy when she smashes her tongue, buut I'm not going to tell you why. Kenny is smart, but, however, in Mia's mind, imperfect boyfriend material. My only complaint with this series is that a)Mia seems rather stupid in some areas other than writing and b)Mia and Micheal always seem to end up together. Other than that, it's good, it's funny, you should get it.
"Lirael" picks up some fourteen years after "Sabriel" ended. Sabriel and Touchstone may have defeated the Dead and saved the kingdom once, but it was only a stopgap measure. There are other, far worse things out there that want control of the Kingdom, magic, and all the lives they can take. Sabriel and Touchstone (now Queen and King of the Kingdom) do what they can to stem the tide of destruction, but this time it's up to the next generation to take the fight to the Dead things.Sam, the son of Sabriel and Touchstone and a prince of the realm, is the Abhorsen-in-waiting and Lirael is a daughter of the Clayr, those who can See into the future. The problem is, Sam is terrified of Death and has no desire to be the Abhorsen, and Lirael doesn't have the Sight. Neither is lacking in courage, though, no matter what they might think of themselves when despair comes over them.In order to rescue a friend from his school days in Ancelstierre, Sam sneaks away from the palace and the overwhelming weight of responsibility to become the next Abhorsen. But things are far from being as simple as he thought. Traveling alone with no practical experience at doing for himself, he quickly finds himself in over his head.Lirael becomes an assistant librarian in order to keep her mind off of her lack of Sight, and in time she begins her own study of Charter magic, finding her way into places no lowly assistant is meant to go. She grows in power as a Charter mage -- with the help of Dog, whom she "creates" (much more complicated than that) -- and eventually comes into a destiny she neither sought nor really wants.Two young people who both have hard lessons in life to learn, and truths neither of them want to accept. They both cling to a vision of what they, or others, want their lives to be, and letting go of that may be the hardest thing they've yet to do, even after going up against necromancers and the Dead.There is no nice wrapped up ending in this book; it will (hopefully) be concluded in the third one, but this one doesn't suffer from being only one half of a whole. The writing is engaging, even with the switching points of view, and although Sam spends too much time in whining and self-pity, he and the other characters are likeable and well fleshed out. The big revelation at the end of the book is pretty obvious, from the first time we meet Lirael, actually, but that doesn't take away from the enjoyment of the story. This is definitely a good follow up to the first book.
Wow. What an excellent collection of reviews. Proof, if it were needed, that Sci Fi fans are a cut above your average Joe and Josephine.Yes, The Forever War is a Vietnam allegory, and one of the ways in which it succeeds mightily is in the way our hero becomes increasingly alienated from his HomeWorld, and re-enlists.Of the two-tour Vietnam Vets I know, including two Army Nurses, they all said the same thing - that they could no longer identify with the World they had returned to and felt that the familiar madness of Vietnam beckoned them infinitely more.TFW is a fascinating book in the way it portrays the Einsteinian temporal paradoxes and their effects on Earth and Earth Forces in the field, fighting many light years away. The impossibility of having effective real-time command and control from Earth is just one of the factors that makes the war seem pointless.Many Vietnam Vets found that Time seemed to pass at a different rate In Country compared to the States (which they called The World). Only when you entered your Short period, when you got down to your last 99 days, when you became a two-digit midget, or your last 9 days, when you became a one-digit midget, did Time begin to resume any kind of linear perspective.While it's true to say that the only good thing about war is its ending, war is not always futile. When it is undertaken without a very clear attainable objective, i.e. something which makes it 'winnable', such as the Forever War and the Vietnam War, there is a crushing sense of futility, which comes across well in this book.
I love the experience of being drawn into Wally Lamb's novels.  This one is my favorite.  I will read it again.
I read everyone's reviews.  Here's mine:  this is SOME story.  Be grateful the truly gruesome details are not in the book, just the mildly nightmarish ones.  The REAL story here is not the tragedy itself but how one man, Howard Lutnick, immediately came to the assistance of not just the families of his 677 murdered employees, but another 130 or so (800 total which includes everybody associated in any way with Cantor Fitzgerald on that day) both financially and emotionally.  HOW MANY OTHER CORPORATE CEO'S DO YOU KNOW that gave 5 years of paychecks/bonuses and 10 years of health insurance to the survivor's families?  I haven't found another one yet; please enlighten me if you do.  Additionally, he gave out his home phone number to EVERYONE and opened the doors of his home too for months.  They held board meetings in the closet.  Yes the man has a few million in the bank but within days of 9/11, he moved $1,000,000 of it immediately into the newly established Relief Fund without a second thought.  I really admire the man.  But .. this is the reason some of us are born leaders and CEO's and some of us .. choose to do other things in life.  I thought the book was a wonderful testament of what some people find important in their lifetimes and move mountains to achieve it because this is exactly who they are.  I laugh when I read the reveiws of those that find the book 'self serving' in Howard's behalf.  The people that had their lives ruined by 9/11 got a truly wonderful advocate for such a horrible situation with Howard.  God bless the man and I wish the best for everyone affected by 9/11.  I highly recommend the book.
After reading Ruth Reichl's Garlic and Sapphires, I wanted to read more about the world of restaurant reviewers and how the process works, just for fun. I love to think and talk about food, though I am a pretty lowbrow cook and eater myself, I appreciate creativity and hearing about new things done with food.So picking up this book was a no-brainer. The book covers her life from college age to her career as NY Times restaurant critic, and she talks about the pressures and delights of that job. She doesn't go into a lot of drool-worthy detail about individual dishes, at least not to the extent that Reichl and other culinary memoirists tend to, but instead has a more matter of fact way of reporting the facts about her experiences.Her writing style is crisp and clear, so the book was constantly engaging and a pleasure to read. Unfortunately the clarity of her writing made it a little bit harder to drum up that passion that I so often feel while reading. Her love for the topic shone through brightly, and there was a lot of wonderful information, but I never got to the "can't put it down" stage, where the author's wit and enthusiasm catch me to the point that I don't want to stop reading.So four stars: entertaining, lots of interesting stories and information to ponder, clear writing style, and a good look at this career and what it takes to be in it. I liked it a lot but would recommend Reichl's Garlic and Sapphires over this one for its amusing detail about the costumes she donned, the feelings she had, and the dishes she sampled. This book was more straightforward and to the point, and while enjoyable, it lacked some of the verve that I have come to expect from culinary writings.
I can't believe what a strong emotional effect these Kelly Wearstler interior designs have on me--some I love, some give me the creeps, but they all have such wit and power that I find myself looking at this book again and again--and I'm a shabby chic  kind of gal. Of course it's disturbing that she features herself in so many of the photographs but I think she's a genius. Most design books have pictures of rooms are nice, or cozy, or calm. These are rooms are glamorous, smart, and sexy.Since I bought this book I've seen Wearstler's influence spreading everywhere. I just wish I could afford her to decorate my house.
The book outlines 103 mistakes (1-2 pages each) that the author made in his many years of being an entrepreneur. It is amazing that he had the energy to survive the kind of mistakes he made. He had fortunately taken notes during all those years and was able to abstract his experiences into these mistakes that fall into 5 broad categories. He categorizes them into Biz Basics, Money Matters, How to Manage Managing, In the Trenches, and Let's get Personal. The first four titles of chapters above are self-explanatory but the last section refers to how your looks, actions, and thoughts really do matter.The author has a very direct approach in communicating with the reader. It is almost as if you can hear him talking to you in a room with just a few other people present. Unfortunately, the tone that you hear while reading the book is very depressing. The author sounds very cynical and distrusting. It is almost as if he lost faith in people and the world. This alone was scary enough for me to want to read the book and make sure that I don't make the same mistakes (in case I end up with the same frame of mind as the author's).If you are a small business owner, you can't afford to ignore the knowledge presented in the book. Everyone is familiar with at least some of the mistakes presented in the book. But it is very important to be familiar with all of them because you will run into them sooner or later. The difficult part is in getting past the author's bad attitude towards business and the world at large. I had to spread out the reading of the book into several sessions because I could only take so much of the book in one sitting. I wish there was a different book with the same information but a much happier attitude. But that is just my personal preference. I know other people who would read through this book in one sitting without noticing anything wrong with the tone of the book at all!I purchased a copy of the book when I first started my company in 2001. I read it after I had already made a few of the mistakes that the author talks about. I then read the book and ever since then I have tried to consciously avoid making the rest of the mistakes presented in the book. And even then I am sure that there is no guarantee of this being an exhaustive list of mistakes one can make in business. I am sure every reader will discover a couple of mistakes unique to their situation that are not in the book.After reading the book, I felt even more confident in my decision not to sell stock in my company till the business model has been proven successful (in essence, wait to have investors). Of course, you then have to deal with the worst problem any business can have - being undercapitalized during the stage when you most need the money! The author experienced both problems simultaneously - having too many investors and being undercapitalized at the same time. There are very good reasons why he ended up in that unique situation. You will quickly see this as you start reading about the various mistakes he made.Overall, I am very happy to have made the purchase of this book. Another book that would go very well with this book is 'The EMyth Revisted' by Michael E. Gerber. This is a more inspirational book on how to build a successful business model (not just a business). Check it out when you have some time.If you are a small business owner, I hope you benefit from this book by avoiding at least some of these mistakes. Sure, you will make different ones, but at least you are ahead of most people who don't read this book. I wish you the best of luck in your business!
I originally checked Getting Over It out from the library but less than halfway through I had to run out and buy my own copy because I knew this one would be a keeper! Plus, I knew I would need to have a copy handy to pass around to all my friends.Anna Maxted has created one of the funniest heroines I've encountered in long time in Helen Bradshaw. Helen is having a very bad year ~ her father has just died, her mother is losing it, one of her closest friends is having serious boyfriend trouble, and she's just been kicked out of her home by her &quot;God's gift to women&quot; flatmate, Marcus. To top it all off she may have just driven away the true love of her life before they even made it to their second date. Helen muddles her way through it all with a sense of (wicked) humor and a little help from her friends.While this is undoubtedly a romantic comedy, there are some serious issues here as well. If you're looking for a fun read with a little something more than can be found in your typical &quot;chick-lit&quot; fare ~ look no further than Getting Over It. It's a keeper!
I haven't started this book and frankly don't know if it will be as good as Victor Carl. good condition
I find that a lot of mysteries are lacking when it comes to characterization and overall quality. As if, because it's a mystery, readers will accept and love a book based on plot alone. "Tropic of Night" by Michael Gruber is a well written mystery with rich characterization.It's taken me awhile to complete "Tropic of Night", but it was well worth my time. The main character, Jane Doe is an anthropologist who has studied and lived in cultures that are believed to be mythical. These "mythical" cultures are extremely advanced in the way they use their minds. The book centers around Santeria which is described as both a syncretic religion and a potent form of African "magic." It alternates between Jane's present life in hiding and her journals. The  journals chronicle both her anthropological expeditions and family life."Tropic of Night" presents a very interesting way of looking at things. Think those herbs that are burned in certain wiccan (et al) rituals/spells/etc. serve no other purpose than actual ritual? Hmmm... maybe not. Just another thing to think about, and this book gives you a lot of that. As much as it's a mystery it's really artfully done in the way he drops details. It keeps you reading to find out more without feeling frustrated.This blows the "Da Vinci Code" out of the water.
An absorbing story about narcissist (my description) Ken Kimble's progression of 3 marriages and the women and children left in his wake..As with any book that starts a new set of characters with each new section (here, with each of Ken's new women), I'm reluctant to leave the familiar cast I've become so connected with and fascinated in to start anew, but the author's flowing writing captures the sense of place and characters so beautifully, keeping the plot fresh and unexpected and the characters interesting, inviting absorption quickly back into the story. One of the rare books that's grabbed me from beginning to end.
Cr ew members Tommy Lee, Mick Mars,Vince Neil and Nikki Sixxalso team up withNew York Times music writer Neil Strauss to tell the story of their band's rise to phenomenal successas well as tell about the most famous band in the world. The Dirt spent four weeks on the New York Times bestseller list and sold over 13,000 copies in hardback in the UK
Maguire's retelling of Snow White my favorite of all.  Snow White, a fairy tale especially bittersweet to myself, is one of his very best works.  His knowledge of history, time period, and the Church is impeccable.  Maguire weaves historical facts into an archetypal myth creating a beautiful tapestry of novel.  Recommended for anyone who loves fairy tales and/or the deeper meanings behind them.Amber LaShea Holmesauthor of SNOW WHITE ON ACID: NINE FANTASICAL NIGHTMARES
I thought this novel was excellent! I have read two other of his books they were excellent also.  I became sad through some of this but I also could relate to some of the characters .I also found that he made some reference to his other book  I know this much is true.
If you haven't read the first book then you haven't experienced the great misshaps of Georgia's wierd life. This is a continuation of Thongs, Angus and full Frontal Snogging! And mark my words: THIS IS THE MOST GREATES BOOK FOR TEENS!!!! Full of hillariouse miss happenenings, and fun filled every day life. Recomened to all people who enjoy comedy at it's best!
Lamb's novel is a wonderful depiction of the life of a paranoid schizophrenic.  It clearly, yet painfully at times, elucidates the effects that the disorder has on the family as well as the individual himself.  As the identical twin of one such individual, Dominick's whole life is more than partially devoted to monitoring his twin, Thomas's, well-being.  While doing this, anger from negative childhood experiences as well as the stress associated with dealing with schizophrenia seem to build up and explode destroying the most valuable relationships in Dominick's life.  Only after a sobering series of events and a whole lot of therapy can Dominick begin to understand his place in life. This novel is a fascinating journey which examines life's tribulations and the ways in which we as individuals choose to deal with them.
More than I really needed to know.  I did not care for the early part of the book of his life in England.  It was more fun reading about his Hollywood and tv life.
You can count on Terry Pratchett to introduce a character in the first chapter that will be the one to watch as the pages turn. In the case of the unfortunately named Moist von Lipwig, any consummate Discworld fan is going to doubt that he's the one. That is because Moist, or Alfred Spangler (which is what appears on his death warrant), is about to be hanged by the neck until dead. Rather soon, as it turns out.On Discworld, one does not actually have to be alive to be a featured character. One could be a zombie, for instance, or a werewolf or even a vampire. Assistants to DEATH have ridden with the grim reaper on his white steed Binky through many an adventure in what may be the strangest parallel universe to Earth ever devised by an author --- one with tongue planted firmly in cheek.In this case, Moist, a.k.a. Alfred, survives the hanging --- no spoiler here --- to find himself on the horns of a dilemma as he faces the indomitable Patrician, Lord Vetinari. When he regains consciousness in Lord Vetinari's office, he believes himself to be dead. Instead, because he escaped death as deftly as he had escaped capture until this fateful last encounter with the law, he is presented with an option: accept the position of Postmaster of Ankh-Morpork or open Door Number Two. The alternative is unknown but sinister enough for our hero to decide that joining the forces of the intrepid postmen is an offer he cannot refuse. As an expert con man and deceiver (the very skill that found him on the gallows in the first place), he figures he can split from Ankh-Morpork and the clutches of Lord Vetinari any time he tires of being a member of the bureaucracy.He figures wrong, of course. Watched over by a bodyguard, who has made it clear that he possesses surveillance powers hitherto undreamed of, Moist reluctantly puts his shoulder to the wheel. He inherits a post office and its remaining two employees, a shiny suit and hat, a bank of dusty machinery, and floors and floors of undelivered mail.Moist is at last gainfully employed for the first time in his life, which could end at any moment, given the number of chalk outlines on the post office floor of recent Postmasters. He discovers that dead letters are not so much dead as they are bereft of purpose. They must convey their messages, postal service or no postal service.GOING POSTAL may be Terry Pratchett's most ingenious fictional invention yet. His satiric wit is honed to a fine edge as he takes a poke at bureaucracy, political chicanery, power mongers, organized crime, despots, fraternal organizations and mass information systems. One is tempted to compare Ankh-Morpork's arcane means of communication with the Pony Express or perhaps our early telegraph. But then there are those towers and the nerdy clackers, semaphore dweebs who live and breathe sending and receiving messages and deciphering codes and finding back doors to "clack" into private communiqu&eacute;s. Meanwhile, the trusty, dusty letter has been relegated to ignominy and it's Moist's sworn duty to bring it back.--- Reviewed by Roz Shea
I read Mick's first book when it first came out and enjoyed it immensely.  His writing style is so personal, it's almost like we became friends.  I've been to Santa's Village with my kids many times, and Mick seems to be the type of guy that wouldn't mind having a quick picture taken with him.  He's just a regular down-to-earth guy, and I admire his ability to write his own material without the use of a ghostwriter.Over the years, and as I age (I'm now 36), I admit I've lost touch with most of the wrestling world.  I was a HUGE fan in the 80's and 90's.  Mick's first book brought back memories.  This book was very informative as well, particulary the epilogue.  It's loaded with Al Snow and Test jokes, as well as going behind-the-scenes with great information about certain matches over the years.  I read this book (about 475 pages) in a few days, and had trouble putting it down.  His writing style and approach just clicks with me.Why then, only four stars?  Simple.  It's nearly impossible to follow up a classic with a classic.  It's like when AC/DC's "For Those About to Rock" album was released in 1981.  Did it go to number one on the charts?  Sure it did.  Did it sell over four million copies?  Sure it did.  Did it measure up to it's 1980 predessesor "Back in Black" (Twenty-two million copies sold)...no way.Unfortunately for Mick, his first book was so good, one could say he peaked too early.  Once you hit the peak of the mountain, it's impossible to go any higher, and there's only one way left to go...down.  Still a great read.  If this were his first book, I'd give it five, but when compared to Have a Nice Day, just comes up a bit short...(but still great...do you know what I mean?)
I'm glad I read Wicked and this book close together so that I know what the author is capable of. All his other works (esp. the Snow White one and Lost) were huge disappointments. For some reason, Snow White is just a difficult story to make fresh and interesting...his Cinderella version however, is great! I love the setting and really enjoyed all the motives and descriptions about each well-developed character. It is kind of similar to another great read: Girl in Hyacinth Blue. Highly recommend this.
This book differs from other works of Neal Stephenson (at least, that I've read, such as 'Snow Crash' and 'Diamond Age') since it's not about the future but more about the past. There were quite a lot of books written about code breaking wars during World War II but this one is definitely unique (well, no less would be expected from the writer). The book has very interesting characters, very good story with all kinds of technical observations and considerations embedded in it. Having said this I must say that the book is not an easy read. I cannot take on myself to say that it is bloated. Yes, it is big (in volume) and there are many times when I thought that particular description or explanation has nothing to do with the theme of the book. But in the end, who knows, maybe it all serves the purpose. I wouldn't agree with some reviewers who criticized the ending of the novel. I believe the reason it's happening (and the same could be said about other Neal Stephenson books) that we expect his novel to end on some extraordinary note, matching the spirit of whole book. I guess it's very difficult thing to do. At the same time, I find the ending to be quite adequate. Highly recommended to all Neal Stephenson fans (who, I am sure, don't need my recommendations) and computer geeks. For others it will probably better to start from some other works of this author, such as famous 'Snow Crash'.
This book just really proved to me that you can't always go by the recommendations and ratings of others when it comes to books or movies.  This book was basically trashed in the customer reviews I'd read, but I found it to be quite the opposite.This was a book that I read solely at the gym and enjoyed it immensely.  It is very funny consistently throughout, and there are unexpected twists and turns through the entire book.If you want a good lighthearted read with a lot of laughs, and to be entranced, this is your book.  If not, go read Dr. Spock's Guide to Potty Training The Strong Willed Child.
This book is really thought provoking.  The author presents a researched argument indicating the reasons (or mixture of reasons) that lead to people committing religious terrorism.  It was an interesting read.
I couldn't put this book down -- and not only is it a page-turner, it's a WELL-WRITTEN page turner.  Ms. Haigh is a master of descriptive detail -- yet she doesn't waste a word.  Every detail is important and reveals something about a character -- unlike some authors who feel compelled to recite pages of mundane details that serve no purpose.  I've been so disappointed by so many "hot" books lately (like Alexander McCall Smith's, or "The Jane Austen Book Club"), that it's great to find one that deserves its reputation!  I can't wait to read Ms. Haigh's latest.
After start of reading this book, I couldn't stop at all.I wish all kids behave like Drothy and her frieds.
When I first picked up &quot;The Skeptic&quot; I was a bit, errr, skeptical: barely 400 pages to cover the 40-odd working years of America's greatest 20th century journalist? It didn't seem enough, especially when long-forgotten literary figures often get biographies twice as thick. But it didn't take many pages to convince me. Teachout has delivered a model of concise but enthralling biography. He gives all the essentials of Mencken's life, and a good flavor of his times, without wallowing in matters only tangentially related to the main story line. Besides telling the story of Mencken's life better than it's ever been told before, Teachout delivers the most balanced and convincing critique of Mencken's thinking that I have ever seen. He doesn't slight Mencken's anti-semitism but doesn't exaggerate its importance either. He shows why Mencken's arguments often weren't very convincing, but also why Mencken continues to attract readers a half-century after his demise. He may not have been the Sage of Baltimore, but Mencken was a peerless prose stylist who deserves to remembered as one of the finest writers America has ever produced. Although Teachout modestly bills his book as &quot;a life&quot; it will go down as the definitive biography of Mencken.
I applaud Dr. Schwartz' work with OCD patients and his use of meditation techniques in his practice. The integration of eastern meditation techniques with western science is in a very amorphous state at this time. However, Dr. Schwartz' book details how they can be used together in this instance with a quantifiable positive result.This book is easy to read, thought provoking and a positive contribution to scientific integration of non-traditional medical techniques. I recommend it to everyone curious about the role of the mind in medical care.I am a practitioner of mindfulness based meditation. I am not a Buddhist. I say this because I have experienced some of the insights that this meditation technique offers and know first hand that it has the potential to be a powerful tool in modern western science. I applaud Dr. Schwartz and other medical researchers (Jon Kabat-Zinn and James Austin come to mind) for their pioneering work. I also say this because it skews my perspective on this book. But a skewed perspective isn't necessarily a false one.
I like this author and this series.  I gave it to my 3yr-old grand daughter and she loved it. The book was in very good condition.
A combination of &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot;-lite and a Tom Clancy thriller, Stephenson's Cryptonomicon succeeds on several levels.  First, the book is simply fun to read.  Stephenson has his own quirky style, which may put off some readers, but which I found enjoyable.  Spending a couple of pages reading about the proper way to eat Captain Crunch was not a waste of time!  For me, this book was a page turner.  Second, I found this book to actually be reasonably informative.  I came out of it with a better understanding of both cryptography (historically and modern), and a little more knowledge about WWII.  Third, the characters, while a bit stereotypical, were generally quite likable.The book wasn't perfect - the moral issues were a bit too black and white, and the book was longer than necessary.  I found these flaws to be minor, and would recommend this book to any sci-fi fan.
The mark of a good friendship is that it endures over jealousies.What a delightful, crafty, sparely-written book!  It will be on teachers' classroom shelves for years to come."Nona" Blanche's own "balls-meat" simmered in a sauce with pork AND chicken!  We put it on polenta.  As with the Torrelli pasta party, our meal also included a huge bowl of salad with vinegar and oil and glasses of water.
Charlotte's Web is about a young girl named Fern who becomes friends with the animals on her uncle's farm. She becomes very good friends with a little pig named Wilbur, who is going to be slaughtered.Wilbur soon becomes friends with a spider named Charlotte who starts writing words into her web about Wilbur to try and save his life.This was an excellent book and I recommend it to everyone who loves animals.
I bought this book because of the incomparable illustrator, Lisbeth Zwerger. I got an almost mint, hardbound copy, published by North-South books, for next to nothing from a seller called internationalbooks. Item was securely, quickly, and nicely packaged. What an impressive volume! The illustrator has said she hadn't seen the TV version before taking on this project and so had no preconceptions. There are many watercolor illustrations, almost every other page, many full page, which impart an original, evocative world so unexpected, interesting, and appropriate for this tale. The cover posted gives a good indication of the style to be found inside. The typography of the text was carefully considered, set in a simple, clean format, with double columns, justified with a ragged right edge. It feels spot on. A pair of cardboard glasses with green-tinted lenses is charmingly included on the inside back cover. Certain pages are supposed to be read with the glasses on. I still don't know if the glasses are supposed to enhance the illustrations or only relate to the subject of the text, but no matter. Even if they weren't present the book would be worth owning. I consider this now a special addition to my collection of illustrated books. If you are a fan of L. Frank Baum, children's books, watercolor illustrations, offbeat art, or simply enjoy things created with taste and care, you won't want to miss this one.
First of all this book was sad and mysterious.  I feel bad for the Baudelaires but the book was very good.
This was my first Lasher book and it won't be the last. It kept me guessing through the entire story.  I did have a hard time getting all the characters straight but once I did I could not put the book down.
"Princess In Love" is the third volume to Meg Cabot's "The Princess Diaries" series. In this one, it is mearely a few months after our heroine, Mia Thermopolis, found out she is princess and heir to the throne of the small European country, Genovia. Her mom and algebra teacher are married and expecting. Also, Mia's grandmother expects Mia to take a trip to Genovia and make a speech to the citizians talking about how she will not let her country down. She also has final exams to worry about. And she FINALLY has a boyfriend--her bio partner, Kenny--and he loves her but the problem is, is that Mia does not love him back! Mia likes Kenny has a friend, but she does not have strong passionate feelings for him. She is also worried that if she breaks up with Kenny before the school's big winter dance before Christmas, then she won't have a date to the dance and she will be the only girl without one. Also, Mia's long-time secret love, Michael--her best friend, Lilly's, older brother--seems to have a girlfriend. Now Mia is determined to pass all of her exams, break up with Kenny, go through her princess lessons with Grandmere, AND show Michael how she really feels about him all before she has to leave for Genovia!One thing I have to say about "Princess In Love" was that it was more of a romantic story rather than a comedy...which is what I always thought "The Princess Diaries" series was supposed to be. Still a great fun read and some laughs, but not as many as the first two. I suppose the next book will be about Mia's trip to Genovia and what happens to her there.I hope the next volumes in "The Princess Diaries" series will be better than this one. I still enjoyed this third volume very much, but it just didn't have the same formula as the first two. But if you are a fan of "The Princess Diaries" series, then this is still a must have and must read!Final Grade: B+
I am a huge fan of Wally Lamb. There is always so much depth to his plots and characters that when I start one of his books, I might as well forget about getting much else done because I can't put the book down. The Hour I First Believed was the best book I've read in a long time, and in my opinion,worthy of a 5 star rating. The characters are fictional but the events covered in the story line include real events and their victims, such as Columbine, the war in Iraq, the Civil War and Hurricane Katrina. I also recommend two other books he wrote in the 90's (and ones for which he has won awards): She's Come Undone (1992) and I Know This Much Is True (1999). His newest book is We Are Water, which I have already downloaded onto my Kindle to start next.
This book hops between World War II - breaking the encryption of the Nazis Enigma code - and modern day. You have a hard time seeing how the two are related until you are most of the way through the book - but it is a great ride. Highly recommended.
Okay, the jury has decided, the verdict is in - I have a new favorite author.  William Lashner weaves as fine and intricate of a plot as could ever be desired.  His characters are gutsy, flawed, real.  His story line, like an Appalachian mountain road, has surprises at every turn.  The emotions that he evokes are raw and true.  This story is unforgettable and will keep you coming back for more.
Surprizingly written by a Baptist minister with a extremely wide range of knowledge from all over the world, this book is probably the most informational in this field regarding today's condition.  It makes one appreciate ones own preference and gives greater understanding of others...
If you can buy this book for the bargain price $1.99, please do yourself a favor and do it! You won't regret this purchase for such a wonderful book.
A very well written saga. don't give up on it at first, it gets better and better. Intertwining the families into one is compelling and almost spiritual. A very good read. I could not put it down. I had to know the ending.
Another cute story from Ms. Levine!Story of what happens to one sister who spews gems and the other spews insects, frogs and snakes.Quick read.My 10 year old loves these books.Rating GS: NoneV: NoneL: None
My 4 year old daughter loves this book. It helps ease her seperation anxiety.  I go to work and she goes to preschool and so the book is very relatable. I recommend it.
This man writes like Dave Barry on amphetamines, and illuminates the backside of American politics with hallucinatory clarity and many bad words.  He is our Tom Paine of the 45th Parallel and 21st Century.  One thing for sure---"Stupid White Men" made me glad I voted Libertarian in the last presidential election. (Sorry Michael, but voting Democrat in a Detroit precinct is like transporting holy water to Lourdes.)  Moore starts out by savaging the Republicans, most especially those from Texas.  But Democrats, beware!  He takes you on in the following chapters.  If anything, he's harder on the Democrats because he is so disappointed in them.* Most tasteless bit of journalism---Nancy Reagan's letter to Congress concerning stem cell research, supposedly written at her husband's death-bed* Most startling revelation---the relationship between Enron (and other Big Oil companies) and the current occupants of the White House---Well, it was a revelation to me.  Just think, the author wrote this book when Enron was still the darling of Wall Street* Next-to-the-most startling revelation---Al Gore is more conservative than most of the Texan Bushes.  Boy, does Michael ever go ballistic on the subject of Gore.  Al, don't even think about running in 2004, even though you really won in 2000* The scandal that made this author really mad---many Florida voters (i.e. Black Democrats) were excluded from the 2000 election well in advance of November.  How was it done?  False felony charges emanating from---you guessed it---TexasIf every voter in America reads "Stupid White Men," even George W. is going to vote for Ralph Nader in 2004.
Very classy and sophisticated read.  I liked being with all the people and I was sorry to say goodbye to them at the end.
I don't want to be one of those who compare books, because that isn't fair, but his first one, I feel was better. I could relate to the character more (1992's She's Come Undone). Yet Wally Lamb still wows me with his  prose and his incredible portrait of the perfectly imperfect Dominick  Birdsey. Thomas was an excellent character, too. What I love about Mr. Lamb  is that he makes you care, whether you want to or not. This book is  incredibly deep. The 900+ pages shouldn't scare anyone off..the content  more than makes up for the length. And the length is needed. What is also  needed is more books like these. Today's flimsy pop-fiction bestsellers  cannot compare to the intelligence and depth this book contains. More  authors should spend the time crafting their work as exquisitely as Mr.  Lamb.
In A Disorder Peculiar to the Country Ken Kalfus brilliantly explores faith-based hatred unleashed on the battlefield of marriage, and the way public life invades the private.  The writing is often very funny about characters whose lives contain little joy but who are nevertheless portrayed with real compassion.  This book is a rare achievement.
When Laurel Swann receives a package containing a rare Faberge egg, she knows her father, Jamie Swann, must have sent it.  Jamie didn't mean for Laurel to get involved in his latest escapade.  Unfortunately, Laurel's life is now at stake and the only man who can save her is Cruz Rowan, a former FBI agent, who also wants the egg.  Laurel is trapped between her love for her father and her love for Cruz.  How will she resolve her WHIRLPOOL of emotions?Readers should be aware that WHIRLPOOL is not a new Elizabeth Lowell book, but is a reprint of THE RUBY originally published under the name of Ann Maxwell.  Time has not erased the power of this story, however, as Elizabeth Lowell always delivers a compelling tale of intrigue.  The story is not dated, despite being set in 1995, as international intrigue, particularly in the area of gemstones, is always a current and hot topic.WHIRLPOOL has a plethora of characters and initially it was a bit difficult to see the importance of each one.  However, the pace picks up as the story progresses and all of the pieces begin to neatly tie together.  Laurel's love for both her father and Cruz provides some poignant moments, and the similarity between the two men provides for some tense moments.WHIRLPOOL is a reliable tale of romantic suspense.  Readers new to Elizabeth Lowell or fans unfamiliar with her Ann Maxwell books will relish this reprint of an old favorite.  WHIRLPOOL is definitely worth reading.COURTESY OF CK2S KWIPS AND KRITIQUES
Blue Latitudes: Boldly Going Where Captain Cook Has Gone Before by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Tony Horwitz is essential his travel memoir of a voyage taken some two centuries after James Cook's epic venture. Horwitz worked as a sailor aboard a replica of Cook's ship for the purpose of retracing that momentous voyage of discover; had the privilege of meeting island kings and beauty queens along the way; and encountered unique cultures, breathtaking sights, and formed cherished friendships. Ideal reading for dedicated armchair travelers, Blue Latitudes also contemplates the meaning Cook's journey, its historical events, and its lasting legacy for the modern day.
I did love "Confessions of an Ugly Step-Sister".  The story was told well, and there was more closure to this story than there was to "Wicked" (not as many unanswered questions).However, I have noticed a trend with ALL Maguire books and that is the painfully slow beginings.  It took me several days to get through the first 80 pages, and I nearly put the book down and gave up.  HOwever, around page 80 or so, I was unable to put the book down and read it in 2 days.  I also felt "Wicked" was slow to start for the first 50 pages or so, and then -the same thing the story took off and  I read it in a day or 2.The beginings of Maguire's books are necessary because he gives you so much background information right off the bat.  It is just hard to read.  But I assure you - get yourself through the begining and you will be happy you did!Also, if you're expecting the Disney Fairytale stay away from this book.  It is Pleasantly unlike any Cinderella tale I have ever read!
I went in thinking that this childhood classic would be an alright read, but wow was I surprised! I really liked it and it almost bothered by how much I liked it. I love how Baum gives you enough detail so you can create an image, but doesn't beat the dead cow with description. The book subtly teaches valuable truths on believing in yourself, friendship, team work, hope and determination. Of course there was a couple areas that I didn't care for as much or thought that Baum should of thought it through differently, but over all it won my heart.Here are few of my random thoughts while reading this book:-What, no ruby slippers?! Good one Hollywood. ;)- Uhh, the tinman apparently has no problem chopping up animals, yet needs to have a tissue box around him 90% of the time. Who says a tough man can't be sensitive?!- I was at one point concerned for Dorothy's large intake of fruit throughout the book. One word: DIABETES! But then I reminded myself it's all make believe...then I thought shoot there should of been a cake tree!- So, what would happen if lets say a Winkie and a Munchkin decided to get together? Or a Quadling or a Gillikin? Talk about a color issue! And we humans think we have it hard....- "I'm melting...I'm melting" ...Hmmm...witches don't like water; therefore they don't bathe. A whole different take on "nasty" old witch.Best Quote: (This made me laugh out loud):"but her greatest sorrow was that she could find no one to love in return, since all the men were too stupid and ugly to mate with one so beautiful and wise" - Leader of the flying monkeysIf you ask me, thats one of the best things a flying monkey could ever say...
Wow!! I thought this was an extremely well written fantasy.  The characters were wonderful and the adventure and suspense was amazing!!  You never knew what would happen next.  The ending was extremely unexpectant.  This is definetly a &quot;must read&quot;!!!!!!
"The Hour I First Believed" largely revolves around the real-life Columbine school shootings, but it quickly evolves into so much more than that. Caelum Quirk and his wife, Maureen, are both employed at Columbine High School, but only Maureen is present during the horrific school shootings. She is unable to fully recover from what she witnessed at Columbine. In an effort to help his wife, Caelum moves himself and Maureen back to the Connecticut farm he grew up on. Eventually it seems like Maureen is finally making progress, but then another catastrophe unfolds, and the Quirks' lives spiral dangerously out of control.This is the first book by Wally Lamb I've read, and I really enjoyed his writing style. The story itself is intriguing, and this is one of those books that I didn't want to put down. I was a bit disappointed by the last fourth of the novel, however. Much time is devoted to rehashing the Quirk family history, and all those letters and paper excerpts became kind of boring after a while. Also, there was almost TOO MUCH tragedy in this book. By the time the last 200 pages rolled around, I was thinking, "Seriously? How much more can happen to any two people?" It was just a little over the top. Still, I enjoyed the book and will likely check out Lamb's other work.
Just when Georgia thinks her life is going great... everything goes wrong! This book picks up exactly where the last one left off. WHen Georgia finds out her parents are making her move to New Zealand she should know it's a bad sign. She wants more than anything to be able to stay home with her &quot;Sex God&quot; boyfriend but she's horrified when he breaks up with her casue she's &quot;too young.&quot; This diary follows her stressful summer and the start of her sophmore year which inculdes: another fight with her best friend, a &quot;red herring&quot; plan, Angus the cat's true love (don't ask just read), her mother possibly having an affair, and just being the girlfriend of a sex god.When I brought this book home from the library I literay had to hide the cover because I didn't feel like getting a &quot;inapropiate book&quot; speach from my parents. But the truth of it is it's not at all dirty and it's just as funny as the last one. If you enjoyed the last book of the series you'll love this one. And good news! THe author is working on two more! I can't wait!
Part of the fun of Michael Moore's work is that even when you disagree with him, he makes an extremely strong argument that is difficult to refute.  Perhaps this is why he makes conservatives so angry.  But this is healthy, if he makes conservatives angry, he is clearly accomplishing his goal.Moore's style is to pull no punches, this is a refreshing counterbalance to the PC reporting that we are deluged with in the mass media.  Whether you agree with Moore that Bush stole the election of 2000 or not, it is interesting to read so as to understand the reason that such a large percentage of Americans are outraged by what took place.  While I had mixed feelings about "Downsize This", I can highly recommend Stupid White Men.
The Janet Schulman edition of Nutcracker is a different creature from most other Nutcracker books. Like the venerable Maurice Sendak edition, it presents the original Hoffmann story, albeit in a simplified version here. I first read this book just to acquaint myself with the real Nutcracker, not the one best-known from the well-loved Tchaikovsky ballet. Yes it may be darker but it is certainly more fascinating and adds an edge to the story.Without going into plot spoilers here, it's fascinating to read how Godfather Drosselmeier's family was involved in the wicked schemes of the Mouse King, his mother Dame Mouserinks, and Princess Pirlipat. This episode may have been omitted from the ballet, but it demonstrates how Drosselmeier helped Marie earn Nutcracker's love, making her more steadfast. It offers a greater role for Drosselmeier than in the ballet. However, this edition gains an edge by presenting the bare bones of the story without delving into too many details like in the original.This book fuses the original Hoffmann story with the ballet scenario, but only towards the end when it describes Marie's journeys with Nutcracker. The original Hoffmann story does not include any Sugraplum Fairy or any of the dancers for whom the ballet provides music. It may be disconcerting to fans of the original Nutcracker story like myself, but at least it serves to make the original Hoffman story more accessible to younger listeners who only know the ballet. But this does not hurt because I rather like the Tchaikovsky ballet, and the music is after all included on the narrated CD with Claire Bloom.I am well aware that this book tones down the dark domestic atmosphere of the original story and softens the hard, stern character of Marie's parents and Fritz. But even so it's a treat to be able to read at least a simplified version of the original Hoffmann story. The accompanying CD with Claire Bloom's narration is equally wonderful, except that the sound quality doesn't seem to be so good, as if it were transferred from a cassette rather than the original master tapes.In short I would definitely recommend this version of Nutcracker, as a step up from the sanitised Tchaikovsky ballet. It is a worthwhile introduction to the original Hoffmann story and would perhaps serve as a step-up to the original Hoffmann version, available in Maurice Sendak's wonderful picture-book edition.
Saw a quote from this book in the Experience Music museum in Seattle WA.  It prompted me to order it and both my husband and I read and enjoyed the book.  The technical descriptions in the early part were only somewhat understandable, but the look at the future was compelling.  Especially for a book written long ago.
I knew people who worked with Ms Bankhead - the opinions vary from A to Z.  What is never denied is her talent (when she didn't go overboard).  This is my favorite of the various biographies I have read about Tallulah - who was too big for the movies but dazzled on the stage.  Even in decline she still dominates (albeit unevenly) but eventually settled for being Larger than Life - which I understand she was.  My friends (some of whom directed her) loved her in spite of herself - I think this book captures a lot of her pros and cons - the pros win!
I bought this version of the book for my toddler because I remembered some of these poems from my own childhood.  Most importantly, I wanted "The Swing" in a board book version that my daughter wouldn't destroy.  It is a perfect introductory version of RLS's work for the very young.  There are only 8 poems, which suprisingly captivate my 2-year-old, despite her short attention span. I look forward to sharing the complete book with her when she's older.
By the end, not just the parents of the young writers were crying!  :-)  I am not sure how Patricia MacLachlan manages, every time, to touch the right chord, but she does.  Perhaps her own explanation ,at the end of the book, says it best: she carries her "place" around with her, in her purse, and maybe it is this attitude towards the basics of life, as well as the basics of writing, that keeps her so close to childhood and to its various dilemmas and triumphs.
As a high school English teacher, anything I can do to get my students to read on their own is worth it.  That said, I have had a few students who have read this baby at my recommendation and have thoroughly enjoyed it, even while they were learning something!  Mike does a good job of slamming both the Republicans and Democrats, as both parties are increasingly resembling each other.  Hopefully, this book will inspire more people to vote in the election of 2004, so we don't have another "stupid white man" raping the land and enraging the rest of the world.
I found this book to be very interesting. I learned a great deal about profiling, and the author used various cases to explain the training one must go through in order to become a profiler. The cases were interesting; I recognized a few because they were "famous," but others were ones with which I was not familiar. He goes into detail about what is involved with giving a profile as well as other types of work that he has done as part of the Behavioral Science Unit in the FBI. All of it is quite fascinating and very clear--you will definitely know what you need to do in order to get close to having a chance at a job like this if you are interested. If not, and you are just interested in what goes on with profiling and how serial killers/rapists, etc. are caught, I think you will still find it to be a captivating read.
I love this story. It was the first Gruber book I read. I want more Jimmy Paz books. Years after reading this, I find it a haunting, scary, evocative story. It's rough in parts - too verbose, an ending that disappointed me in some ways - too rushed, I guess - and violent. Overall, however, Gruber weaves in so darn much that it was jaw-droppingly ambitious that he even attempted it. Much about it surprised me, mostly how characters developed and how Gruber nailed certain aspects of a character or their family - very real. From Jane's hideous job, poverty, awful clothing and repressed life to learning about who she really is, and how tough she really is, to getting to know Paz and Barlow, I was surprised as how real the characters became to me, given the supernatural storyline.Miami is the perfect setting for ritual murder, shambling zombies, multiple cultures that often clash, weird cop pairings and the manifestation of events which began thousands of miles away. Miamis is also a humid, crowded, tropically urban contrast with scenes in Africa, Siberia and New England.This book had me thinking, wondering and researching long after I finished it. It doesn't all work together, but it's an almighty effort to bring in cultures, subjects and ideas about reality, cosmology and society that matter to the author. I share his interests - and his respect for his interests.Don't forge the next two in this series. The second, Valley of Bones, is better, I think, than the third.
The Zone is among the most logically presented diets I have encountered.  This book explains the science behind the Zone in a manner that permits the layman to begin comprehending the science.  While I am not equipped to speak on the validity of the science, I am qualified to speak to its reasoning and it is both sound and logical.The Zone is not merely about losing weight, but also improving athletic performance and establishing hormonal order in one's body.  While the ultimate benefits of the hormonal balances offered with this diet (and conversely the potential harm in hormonal imbalances) are open for debate, Sears positively offers a quality explanation that would rival any medical opinion on the matter.I can attest first hand that the diet does work provided proper diligence is applied to the proposed meal plan.  However, following the diet will prove to be no easy task as even Sears' simple block plan amounts to a low calorie diet that leaves one in the same predicament of any other low calorie diet; a large requirement of willpower for long term success.  If you can stick to this diet I have no doubt you will discover results, both with energy performance and weight loss.
I've been a fan of Crichton's fiction since I first read Jurassic Park years ago.  I love how he mixes reality with the potential science of the future.  The events in his novels may not be possible, but when Crichton tells the story you believe that they are plausible.  Perhaps it is Crichton's attention to detail that makes the stories both so interesting as well as believable.  It is this same attention to detail that makes Travels such an interesting book.Travels is a series of essays broken up into two sections.  The first section deals with Crichton's time in medical school.  These stories are very interesting as we get to see some of the inner working of hospitals, and some of the stuff that we wouldn't see on TV (and might not believe if we did).  This was a fascinating section.  The second section of the book was most of the book and it dealt with Crichton's travels.  I'm not a huge fan of travel writing (normally), but I was blown away by the depth (or length) of Crichton's travels.  He truly is a world traveler and we are told of his experiences climbing mountains, exploring remote corners of the world.  Not only has Michael Crichton had several lifetimes of experience, but he tells the stories very well.  Most are very short, but very interesting.I don't think that Travels will be a book that I have any interest in re-reading, but it was a good book to read once and I'm glad I did.  Crichton has a lot of stories to tell and he tells them well.
Elizabeth Lowell has several series but Rarities Unlimited is one of my favorites.  This one will not disappoint you.  Murder, romance, comedy, it has something for everyone.
I am of the generation who grew up loving Alfred Hitchcock.  It is fun to read about his life and his work and his contempories.  I love that the author cites other biographies that may have a slightly different &#34;take&#34; on some aspects of his life and then adds his own conclusions.  A biography runs the risk of glorifying the  subject, out of all proportion, or worse, of boring!!!  This authur, Patrick McGilligan avoids both pitfalls and entertains.  I also love that he included the full texts of some of Hitchcock's short stories.
Jerry Spinelli is one of my favorite children's authors.  MANIAC MAGEE, THE LIBRARY CARD, and STARGIRL were three of my absolute favorite books.  JAKE AND LILY might not be an instant classic, but it is a wonderful story for boys and girls.Jake and Lily are fraternal twins who sleepwalk to the train station on their birthday.  It's one of many ways they're connected, including a sense for where the other is and what they're doing.  But as they mature, they can't stay glued to each other.  Jake starts hanging out with a group of neighborhood boys, led by Lily's archnemesis Bump Stubbins.  Lily's left to her own devices, but she doesn't know who she is without her brother.Spinelli manages to write about two very different subjects in a very natural way.  There's a plotline about bullying and one about developing your own life.  I liked that the bullying was something insidious - not deliberate maliciousness, but going along with the crowd because it's fun.  It takes Jake awhile to realize into the consequences of his behavior, but he does eventually get a clue.  (And the kid his friends bully, Ernie, is priceless.)  Lily's storyline takes a little while longer to get going, but the force of her emotions carries her half of the book.  She's sometimes sad and often angry.  Lily's a girl of action, but she just doesn't know what to do when her brother pulls away from her.Growing older is never easy, and JAKE AND LILY is a terrific tale of two kids getting it wrong and getting it right in turns.  The dual point of view is a terrific device that helps point out the difficulties Jake and Lily have in assessing their own attitude.  This title will especially appeal to kids having trouble with their siblings or with a bully.
This book is an essential read. And while many may pooh-pooh Moore's take on the state of the nation...for the most part he's right on. I admire his courage in speaking out about things that really matter. It makes me proud to read a book such as this-- knowing that in no other country on earth could a book which is critical of many of our national practices  and policies not only be published, but flourish for many weeks on the best seller list.For those who doubt Moore's assertions that our government is bought and paid for, that African Americans are no better off today than they were 100 years ago (and that most whites are clueless to this fact,) or that Bush II stole the white house, pay careful attention to the proof he offers. While I wish he would have provided substantiation for all his claims, anyone familiar with Moore's integrity knows that he does his homework.Anyone reading this book with even a slightly open mind will get angry enough (hopefully) to become an involved citizen. If Moore accomplishes nothing more than this, this book will has been a tremendous success. Thanks again Michael for telling it like it (sadly) is.
Classic!  I read this with my 4 and 6 year old.  They enjoyed it, asked lots of questions.  It was nice to follow up the book with the movie and compare/contrast the two story lines.
Great book! Great development of characters. I am a fan of series and it was nice to be able to catch up with previous characters. I highly recommend this book. Great &#34;marital congress&#34; scenes as well.
I bought this for my father-in-law, so I have no idea if it's any good.  Judging by the cover, it looks stupid.  Why do they say don't judge a book by it's cover?  Isn't the sole purpose of a cover to assist with book judging?
Screenwriter Robert McKee is an infectious evangelist on the importance of story in people's lives. His understanding is almost biblical in his perception on how humans are wired (e.g. the stories of the Old Testament, the parables of Jesus). Though primarily written for screenwriters, this tome includes the basic elements and structures every story must possess in order to engage an audience. Gaps and arcs and spines...it's all heady stuff and McKee breathes life into his calling by using real-life movie scripts and breaking his concepts into easy-to-understand building blocks that even a non-English major/electrical engineer like me can find comfort in. This text is indispensable and inspirational and I went back to it constantly during the 18 months it took to write my book. I only wish there was a hundred more pages for more movie scripts.
In "I Used to Be the Baby," by Robin Ballard, a young boy describes life with his baby brother. The book combines friendly, colorful illustrations with an easy-to-read text. Sample text: "I used to be the baby, but now I am big. I have a baby brother, and I help Mommy take care of him."The text and illustrations show the narrator doing many activities with his baby brother: playing with him, singing to him during a car ride, reading to him from a baby board book, etc. This is a sweet, charming book that shows a positive picture of an older brother interacting with a baby sibling. I really liked the cartoony pictures.
i normally don't like the books that have short stories.  I prefer the character development in novels.  However, this collection was delightful.  I enjoyed all of the authors and liked the way they tied all three stories together.  Buy this book.  You won't be disappointed.
Lippman's story involves two girls implicated in the disappearance and death of a newborn.  Because no one can every seem to ferret out which girl actually killed the baby and which girl was the lesser involved patsy, both girls are sentenced to a juvenile prison facility for seven years.  When the girls are released, now 18 years old, the psychopath of the pair tries to frame the other for a similar crime.This is a well thought out mystery, and Lippman never lets the story drag.  Her writing and pacing are quite skilled, and her characters, especially Alice's mother, are intriguing and believable.  I didn't finish this and think "I've GOT to find every mystery Lippman has ever written and devour it" but I would consider reading another in the future.
Even if you don't like fantasy, give this book a try. It's a great take on the importance of the mail, even in an age when the post office seems a quaint leftover from older times. The characters are complex and interesting, and even though the setting is not on this earth you'll recognize the big city, political wrangling, and insider peeks into industry. People are people everywhere, even if sometimes they aren't strictly human.
Moore may not be our most sophisticated thinker, but he sure knows how to turn solid research into a fantastic read. Stupid White Men provides a cheap laugh in every direction, with Dubya, Gore, and Clinton coming in for special attention guaranteed to have liberals everywhere giggling with glee and a dash of self-righteousness. In between the jokes are stomach-churning, well-researched tales of some of the most frustrating events in recent times, like Governor Bush handing over the election to his brother and Enron playing fast and loose with billions of hard-earned bucks. He includes lists of sources, both articles and other books, which makes a great shopping list for follow-up reading material. If it wasn't for Moore offering up jokes about these realities, most readers would put down the book in tears. Make no mistake--this is a political work that addresses the relationships  of corporations with our social and political ills. It is overwhelming and disheartening in the extreme.Like all good teachers, Moore uses his humor to make a point: we are letting this happen! Don't get sidetracked by escapades with interns while new laws are signed on maintaining the status quo. Learn as much about our business leaders as possible--chances are they are also behind-the-scenes political leaders. Join the school board. Write your senators and representatives. Run for local government. Start some new state initiatives. Inform yourself. And if Moore has his way, have fun doing all of it.
Lady Annabelle Wylde, beautiful but capricious, is getting desperate. The man she'd loved all her life married someone else a couple of years ago, and the men she'd turned to after losing Damon have all abandoned her for other women - though she's self-critical enough to admit that at least some of it is her own fault. So when her father brings her a proposal of marriage from a man she has never met, she's just desperate enough to escape the whispers to accept.Miles Croft, recently returned from the wars and sold out of the army, needs a wife. Money isn't an issue; what he needs most of all is someone who has a secure position in Society, so that she can launch his younger sister Camille and provide a steady influence for his younger brother. His mother, cowed by her second husband, has neither the confidence nor the influence to help - so his choice of wife is crucial. Lady Annabelle appears to fit the bill in every respect.So a marriage of convenience, entered into not because either character even likes the other. Annabelle, on her wedding night, is shocked to discover that her husband actually intends to consummate the marriage *now* rather than waiting until she feels ready to do so - and, although the act is mildly pleasurable for her, the pain she feels doesn't recommend lovemaking very much to her.But then, the very next day, as they journey to Miles' holiday home in Devon, Annabelle is taken ill. She has influenza, and is very badly affected, almost dying. A quack doctor has her head shorn and cuts and bleeds her; that, combined with an alarming degree of weight loss, robs her of her good looks and turns her in appearance into a skeletal, bald, pock-marked child. Miles has stayed with her throughout, out of pity and a sense of responsibility, but it is during this time that the couple actually become close - far closer, it seems, than they might have become had Annabelle not been ill.But then, how can she re-enter Society with her looks gone? How can she possibly help Camille? And be the kind of wife Miles needs? Annabelle fears that he will never see her as attractive again, let alone want to make love with her and give her children. But does Annabelle's only interest for Miles lie in her looks?Contrary to another comment, Miles does not lose all sexual interest in Annabelle while she's recovering; he does want her, but he's afraid to hurt her or get her pregnant before she is strong enough to carry a child.This book continues Edith Layton's C series, and readers of that series will recognise Annabelle as the capricious, selfish woman rejected by Damon, Rafe and Drum, and in whom Eric Ford pretends an interest order to help Rafe. Can she be redeemed? I really wasn't sure - but then Layton confounded all my expectations and made me like Annabelle. It is her illness which makes all the difference: robbed of her beauty, Annabelle has to fall back on finer qualities, which make her a much more likeable person.You will also get glimpses of characters from previous books in To Marry A Stranger, and there is hope that Eric Ford may get his own book next. A good read!
Over the past 7 years when I discovered this talented woman & couldn't wait to purchase her book I must have given away over 20+ of her books because when people visit my plantation on the Northshore of New Orleans or visit my mountaintop home 20 minutes from San Francisco in Silicon Valley California they all ask...........who is your designer????? I respond with a copy of Claudia's book.As a Global Traveler I had never seen this style in the states all of those years ago & she was one of the first. I instantly copied in both homes on both coasts of the US & I still go online to her website for inspiration. She is cutting edge & the world has copied her. I always thought she should have had her own TV Show. When I pull her book out I see something new every time.A devoted fan with an entire new home again. . . . a la Parisian Style. Thanks Claudia!!
I really enjoyed this book.Even though this book was a little silly and very predictable I fell in love with it.Sometimes you just want to curl up in a corner and have a good laugh and this book is perfect for that and this book was so much fun !I read this book when I was in 8TH grade and I read it much before I read The Princess Diaries.Frankly I think this was my  first Meg Cabot book .I picked this up from the library and the rest as they say is history.I love Meg Cabot's writing , though a lot of people think her books don't have a  good story and are overrated I really like her books.I loved Samantha's lists.They were hilarious.I also loved her relationship with her sister.It's so much like my relationship with mine.(Why can't she leave my things alone?)I really connected with Samantha.I also loved .... The president's son! *Swoons*This guy was so down to earth that I kept on forgetting that he's supposed to be the PRESIDENT'S SON!I would recommend this book to everyone who loves a fun lighthearted read.People who hate Meg Cabot might want to avoid this one,though!
I think this book was the best book I have read for the last year!  I just loved it...couldn't put it down..  It is so different than his other books..I don't think you can compare them.  This book made you realize the trauma one can feel after a tragic event.  Somehow Lamb still has you laughing even during the saddest of times.  He is a master as far as I am concerned..can't imagine anyone not loving this book.
This was a great book.  The story line was wonderful for anyone who has ever seen or worked with anyone that has mental illness.  It truly tell the story of the love that you have for them and how you put yourself second in order to protect them
This was a masterfully created novel by young adult author Francesca Lia Block. While some might be skeptical that a plot involving fairies and such 'para-realities' would hold the interest of teenage readers, Block is so adept and powerful in her style, she writes with an almost clairvoyant knowledge about what or who (as characters) will capture the love and loyalty of young readers everywhere.'I Was a Teenage Fairy' tells the story of the young Barbie Marks growing up in the star-struck California world. Ever since she could remember, Barbie's mother has been determined to make her into a successful fashion model, even if she has to destroy Barbie to do it. Of course, the situation only worsens as Barbie's photographer turns out to be a child-molester who sexually abuses her when he steps away from the camera's lens. Broken in spirit and despondent, it is only when Barbie meets Mab, a pinky-sized, smart-talking fairy with a passion for &quot;biscuit-hunting&quot; who nudges and cajoles Barbie through life with her warmth, wit, and love, that she can endure.As she grows older, Barbie moves on and becomes fairly successful, being invited out to parties at the houses of famous Hollywood actors, including Todd, a chic yet compassionate party-leader, who is attracted to Barbie's delicate soul, and his roommate/admirer, Griffin Tyler. It is through her interactions with the two of them, and the gentle persistence of Mab, that Barbie manages to reconcile and bring justice to the pain which has marred her past, as well as to grow and expand and become more than what meets the eye on the glossy pages of a fashion magazine.This novel, with its flint-edged lyrical prose, yet dazzling enchantment, is provocative and thoughtful enough to impress the most prolific literary critic, while gripping enough to hold the attention of the most lacking reader. Block deals well with the subject of sexual abuse for teens in that she does not deal graphically with specific episodes. Instead, she simply provides implied aftershock and the main character's discomfiture as key-indicators, thus more characteristic of the way many teens feel after such an incident. She also points out that abuse never begins with one person but is simply a vicious cycle, which a person who has enough stamina can terminate. Even the very title 'I Was a Teenage Fairy' leaves a melodramatic impact on a person, making them feel as though they have heard the story from the point of Mab far in the future, after a maximum resolution. There is little to disappoint in this work of fiction, with its inspiring conclusion, except for the fact that it does indeed have an ending. Yet will leave readers mesmerized and revisiting the days of their youth when fairies did exist.
The World Beneath continues the saga introduced in Dinotopia: A Land Apart From Time. It is full of gorgeous visuals of people and dinosaurs living together. That alone makes this book worth buying, but the narrative is full of fun and adventure as well. The entire Dinotopia series is a must-have for any serious dinosaur nut.
Horwitz has pulled off a great hybrid here-- part travel adventure, part mystery, part history.An unfolding account of Cook's three world-changing voyages is interwoven with Horwitz's own journey in search of Cook himself. Horwitz manages to see both Cook the heroic discoverer and Cook the harbinger of the destruction of non-western civilizations. He can also balance the sweep and majesty of his historical material with the detail and grit of ludicrous modern bar-hopping.Along the way Horwitz manages to give shape and form to what most of us sort of half-remember about Cook, while uncovering new bits of hard information and interpretive insight. And all through he uses a the deft hand and keen eye of a journalist to bring it all alive.It's witty and funny and informative and gripping and moving all at the same time, as if Spielberg directed a documentary written by the History Channel but cast with the correspondents of the Daily Show. This does what the best history writing can do-- engage you even if you didn't think you knew or cared about the subject in the first place.
Being a big fan of the show, I had to run out and get this. It's a cute (albeit concise) novel told from Rory's point of view. I've seen every episode, but by reading the book you get to hear Rory's take on some things that occur. Very cute, and I plan on purchasing the rest of the series.
Where WICKED was a study of the true nature of evil, CONFESSIONS OF AN UGLY STEPSISTER examines societal concepts of beauty.  Maguire is expert at demonstrating that things are not always as they appear and, many times,  what may be  considered ugly on the surface is the epitome of beauty  underneath.  And vice versa.My 4-star rating of this book is actually a  compromise and slightly lower than my true rating of this work.  Why?  I  liked WICKED so much more that, on principle, I couldn't give STEPSISTER 5  stars in homage to that other piece of pure, inspired genius.  However, in  it's own right STEPSISTER was superbly written, well-developed and a  completely captivating second novel, following up on a now-familiar theme.  The one weakness I would acknowledge with STEPSISTER is that it was a bit  slow to develop in the beginning ... but surely, this is not a big deal.  Since there's no such thing as a rating of 4 1/2 stars, I compromised and  settled for 4 ... a disservice to Mr. Maguire and his most eloquent  writing, for certain.  Next time, Mr. Maguire, I'll round up!
I like it, but I should not have to say so many words to say a simple one line review.
This is THE most insightful and easy to read book on creating a great story for the screen I've read so far, and I've read MANY!!!I recommend this book to EVERYONE that's interested in not only writing for the screen but any type of stories. From what you learn on creating a great character to building a believable reality alone, makes it a staple in my collection...  If you read it, you'll know why!Robert McKee gives you the perfect perspective and approach on how to create and unfold a story.  He also explains how to avoid cliches and other typical mistakes even the most experienced writers make.  McKee is also great at explaining how to make sure your story has enough demension that it will surely keep your audience interested.This is a book for seasoned writers as well as the beginner, just for the simple fact that Robert gives you a whole new way to look at developing a story like no other person has.If I could give this book ten stars I would!
My interest in backgrounds of those who energize a true  people movement especially in its early stages is what led me to this book.  And it was a satisfying read.  It especially helped my understanding of why such movements have such energy, commitment and impact in the beginning and then morph into something more institutional and predictable.  The author's simple, almost austere approach to writing makes it all the more helpful.  For this one to work for you, you really have to have an interest in the topic.  The four-star rating reflects my satisfaction with the work in its specifically fulfilling the objective of my reading.
Probably the most painless way to learn about Captain Cook.  I've been so many places around the world that had &#34;Captain Cook&#34; hotels etc.  Now I know who he was and where he went and what he did.
I love this book I could read it forever I recommend it for all ages it was amazing and smashing.
Tony Horwitz and his pal from Downunder take on retracing Capt Cook.... Going where Capt Cook had gone before... good story, good giggles!
I found this book to be a very, good read.  I thought parts were a little be too much to be believable, but it did make for a racy, keep turning the pages kind of book. The story was well told and easy to follow, but I thought some of the book was too drawn out, I felt it got a bit slow in the mid section.  None the less, well worth reading if this is the genre you like.I have also read The Barkeep by William Lashner, which I also liked, but I think this is a better story.
In ATHLETIC SHORTS, Chris Crutcher presents original short stories involving characters from his previous novels. In the book's forward, Crutcher explains, "In my travels around the country and in letters from readers, I am constantly asked what happens to certain characters in my books. So once in a while I check in" (pp. ix-x).Each of these short stories involves a central character from a previous novel, but, while Crutcher may have intended a particular story to be a prequel or an afterward, the stories remain independent. So a person who has not read RUNNING LOOSE will still be able to understand the storyline behind IN THE TIME I GET, in which Louie Banks looks into the eyes of a friend dying of AIDS and realizes the value of time. Additionally, after getting a taste of Crutcher's novels through his short stories, readers may well be inspired to go out and acquire the novels themselves.Athletics are the uniting theme throughout these stories, but they also give Crutcher a medium to introduce physical, mental, and emotional challenges for his characters. Sports allow a safe setting for conflict and failure, while also providing a site for characters to achieve and excel.Thumbs Up! Award Winner, 1992Reviewed by:  Mechele R. Dillard
In my experience books tested and proven before being written tend to be the best.  A prime example - Angela's Ashes, won the Pulitzer Prize, fine tuned by the author McCourt doing a one man show talking about his wicked cruel childhood, growing up in Limerick, Ireland.In the same way, Story evolved out of McKee giving lectures, and now, he continues to spread the word.McKee is definitely an antagonist as opposed to a protagonist, and in person a funny and engaging fellow, and an excellent teacher.  As you might expect, he does know how to tell a funny story, and he had a little fun at the expense of some of the sacred cows in the industry.  I particularly liked his rant about Roger Ebert, who took his name in vain once but never again.Anyway, the book  shines a bright light on the elements of story.  Conflict is to story what sound is to music. Story trumps dialogue in importance.  Setups, payoffs, turning points, structure, inciting incident, protagonist vs antagonist, resonating and contrasting subplot, negation of the negation.  Emotional value of scenes. Arc of the character.  Act structure, rhythm and pacing.  Text and subtext, beats, exposition. Character, dimension, step outline. All this and so much more.Perhaps the most important single thing I learned from McKee is..treatment.  The character treatment may be twice as long as the screenplay. This is the key difference between aspiring screenwriters, and successful ones.I open my book, and look at his personal inscription to me, which I am sure he has written to many others... "Write the truth."  I will, Mr McKee, I will.  I trust you find this helpful.
Georgia is a 14 year old who is on summer break from school.  This is the 2nd in a series that follows Georgia's trials and tribulations.  Georgia was kissed by the man of her dreams Robbie aka. Sex God at the end of the last book.  Now just as her dreams are answered she is going to have to go to New Zealand to see her father, unless she can figure out how to get out of the trip.Georgia receives a letter from Robbie stating that there is just too much of an age difference between them (he is 17) and that she should date one of his brothers friends.  Well after much heartache Georgia embarks on the project of making Robbie jealous, and dates "Dave the Laugh".The book is written as diary and you follow the life of this 14 year old.  You will read how she feels about her sister, her best friend, boys, psychotic cat, parents and a considerable amount about how she feels about her body.This is a quick and hilarous read!
At bottom, people are inclined to like and approve of themselves. Psychological tests show that: Most people rate themselves in the top quartile of any human capability or activity. In addition, most people marry others who look a lot like them. Even peoples' dogs look a lot like the owners.But there can be some painful years when we notice that some people are taller, run faster, have different hair and eyes, and can do things we can't so well when it seems like . . . well, maybe somebody made a mistake putting us together.A parent's love can help inoculate a child's emotions from those assaults, especially when they begin as taunts from other children. As supportive as you might like to be as a parent, I doubt if you will be able to top what Jamie Lee Curtis and Laura Cornell have put together in this book for Celebrating a Child's Uniqueness!Like the best children's books, the text and illustrations pay equal attention to the perspectives of both sexes. Although there is some sex-typing here, if your youngster relates more to rough-and-tumble and is a girl or nice-and-neat and is a boy . . . there's room to see oneself in this book.As always, I have to praise the details in the illustrations for their extraordinary wit. The boy's bottom bunk contains a box for turning any pet into a Dalmatian-like creature by adding spots. Naturally, this boy is into being a fire fighter. He even uses "Cavity Xtinguisher" toothpaste in a package that looks like a fire extinguisher.Many children are cowed into wearing whatever the crowd wears. I loved the double-page spread that showed the little girl walking down a runway to applause wearing a nurse's cap, plaid, and lots of flowers while saying, "I'm gonna like me wearing flowers and plaid. I have my own style. I don't follow some fad." As you can tell, she's into nursing.A lot of children also find giving the wrong answers in school to be humiliating. This book addresses that by having the boy say, "I'm gonna like me when my answer is wrong, like thinking my ruler is ten inches long."Another terrible experience can come on the playground, picking teams. In this book, here's the advice:  "I'm gonna like me when I don't run so fast. Then they pick teams and I'm chosen last."There's also encouragement for doing good things like returning a lost ring, making a get-well card for a friend, doing chores, running errand, and thanking people for gifts that don't please.The book ends with this conversation starter:"I'm gonna like me. I already do! But enough about me--How about YOU?"Here's where you get to be the encouraging parent for an attentive child who has been warmed up to receive your love and kind thoughts. What could be nicer?
This book is a great economic history.  It was very enjoyable read and clearly and effectively made the case for why America became great.  It is not a dry economic text and is good source of information for someone interested in capitalism.
She puts in such beautiful words the things I am so poor at articulating.  I am a believer in all she writes about in this book yet she demonstrates how she has worked this out in her life and with her family and community and the world.
2 stars, really? are you kidding?  Lippman is a fantastic writer and this was a great book.  I liked how it focused on high school girls considering that many books talk about adults.This is one of the best authors out there, keep them coming!!!!
Just when I thought their lives couldn't get any more complicated, bam - there would be a new revelation.  Loved the intertwining of the grandfather's story with Dominick' s story. Never would have guessed the ending.
I have to say I love these books. I love them so much I wrote a 47 episode comic series about what happens to the Baudelaires  when they turn into superheroes. I was delighted to find the book in a shopping bag for my birthday. I could not put it down. I ran cartwheels  down the hall when the masked scout took off his mask.  I finished the book in an hour.  Some parts were funny, some were exciting, and there were lots of big words. This book is fabulous! Warning: Do not read this one first. Start from Book One and work your way up or you won't know who the heck anyone is.
Do you believe that a horrific, absurd thriller can't also be humorous?  If so, prepare to be corrected when you  pick up a copy of Pain Killers.  It is, at times, laugh out loud funny.Stahl is a phenomenon, the fellow has been  dubbed "a better than Burroughs virtuoso."  I'll not deliberate whether that's true or not - simply want to illustrate Stahl's  genre (Permanent Midnight; I, Fatty).  But then, describing his writing isn't an easy task - he's a total original, an author who will leave you anguished, amazed, and chuckling.How's this for a scenario: sick Nazi Joseph Mengele is still alive and at the ripe old age of 97 is in San Quentin continuing his experiments on the living?  He wants his due recognition, and is determined to prove to the world that he is a genius.Former cop and addict Manny Rupert is more than down on his luck - he's out of it and about to be evicted from his house.  He's approached by a very odd man (who approaches by breaking into Rupert's house).  He  wants to hire Rupert to go undercover in San Quentin and find out whether Mengele is really Mengele or just some poor delusional soul who couldn't come up with a more attractive identity.Well, what's a guy to do?  It's the only job offer he has and it's either take it or wind up living on the streets.  He's given a fake "state certificate, proof of status as a licensed drug and alcohol counselor" and a diploma from Steinhelm Life-Skills Institute.  His first stop at San Quentin?  The gift shop that boasts a variety of prison oriented wares, must-haves such as paddles and handcuffs.Perhaps his biggest surprise is running into his ex-wife, Tina, his great love.  (They met after Tina murdered her first husband with Drano-laced Lucky Charms).  Who can figure male-female attraction?  His other discoveries while in San Quentin are often gasp producing and not at all for the timid reader.Pain Killers is another adventure by this one-of-a-kind writer that's sure to win praises from those who enjoy not just noir but deep black fiction.- Gail Cooke
I didn't think that Gail Carson Levine could write anything more spectacular than Ella Enchanted. I'm not going to say that The Two Princesses of Bamarre was better than Ella Enchanted, but it definitely was as good as it.Addie and Meryl had such a great relationship. I loved reading about them, and how Addie was willing to risk her life to save her sister from the Gray Death.Rhys...sigh. Oh, Rhys. He's a very attractive sorceror, and I loved him! Gail Carson Levine created a romance that wasn't cheesy or over the top romantic, but was very sweet and great to read.It was refreshing to read a fairy tale that hadn't been written before, because I had no idea how it would end! I was very impressed with the ending, as well. It was unexpected, but satisfying.The monsters in here are also pretty fun to learn about. THe specters, the gryphons, the ogres, and the dragons were all portrayed in a new way, and some I hadn't even read of before!All together, I gave this five stars because it is an amazing, original tale that kept my interest. It has a good chance of becoming one of my all-time favorites!
This brilliant little book is an excellent introduction to anyone interested in learning about mass movements and their fanatical followers. There are so many good quotes in this book, I don't know where to start. The author methodically explains all the aspects of a fanatical mass movement such as, the ideal environment, and the types of people that tend to instigate and follow these movements. The author is objective and does not seek to condemn or support the people who are discussed. As someone who is naturally rebellious and has always struggled with authority, I even gained some great insight into myself, as I found myself relating to some of the characteristics described in the book. The author reminds the reader that all men share these traits that lead to fanaticism, only some are either unwilling or unable to overcome this destructive urge. Highly recommended.
I loved this book. It catches up again with our favorite teenage princess, Mia Thermopolis. It's about her life as a princess trying to grow up like any normal teenager, but it's really hard with the pressures of her mother getting married to Mia's algebra teacher, being a soon to be big sister, and figuring out who JoCrox is...
This book is not "the true" Easter story by any means, but it will please people who are looking for an Easter story that focuses less on "getting" (as many popular character Easter stories do)and more on the spirit of doing for others.  A good story to share with a group of children, suited for ages 3 - 8.
The people who lived in the East knew the advantages of Soy Beans for centuries.  Now that `old wisdom' has trickled down to the West.  New scientific knowledge is helping us to understand the benefits of adding soy  products to our routine diet because of its role in the reduction of  cholesterol levels etc.Dr. Sears Barry Sears, Ph.D., who is a pioneer in  biotechnology presents us with an easy to read practical guide with over  100 mouth watering and appetizing recipes.A must read for anyone who is  seeking knowledge on the benefits of vegetarian and or healthy diet.
My mother and I were at the mall for my birthday, and I just happened to see this book at a random book store, and I thought to myself, "Wow! I haven't read that one yet." So lo and behold...it was my birthday, my mother had a credit card, and I wanted a book. (If you didn't catch on...we bought the book.) And, am I happy? Yes...I am.Mia is back, yes she is. And she's in love. With a one Michael (I always think Mouscovitz) Moscovitz. Problem is, she's already got a boyfriend. Kenny's cool. He's funny, he's sweet, he isn't bad looking, but...he's not Michael.Mia has a problem, and Mia will fix it in her own Miaish way. Laughs all around (I know I had my fair share of them...my stomach hurts). And I only put it down TWICE while I was reading it. I mean, really, how often do you NOT put down a book once you pick it up.I recommend it, and it's prequels. Good stuff!
If a single book existed that could operate as a script writer's bible I would expect this is as close as you can find.  Robert McKee knows quality which is evident immediately from the opening pages.  Story covers all elements of fictional script writing; themes, structure, design, dialog, and characterization; yet McKee dives so deep into each that any reader will be left with new profound ideas about the meaning of script writing.For any aspiring writer struggling with developing a script of quality you will find your answers within these pages.  They are not easy answers, but McKee offers insight that goes well beyond developing mere writing talent.  I'd venture to say that any writer of any type would be well served reading this book if for nothing else to better grasp the meaning of purpose and quality in what you write.  Put best by McKee himself, "Master storytellers never explain.  They do the hard, painful creative thing - they dramatize."  The meaning of this profound element is illustrated perfectly in this book and thus I highly recommend Story for any aspiring writer.
At first, I didn't like the protagonist much, but I grew attached to him as I watched him grow out of his anger. The book had everything and especially surprises.
The book is a series of episodes from Crichton's life.  The various short episodes include, experiences as an medical student, visiting psychics in England, travelling in remote villages in Asia, climbing Mount Kilminajaro,  working with Sean Connery on THE GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY, and new age  explorations.  But the episodes all tie together to make a point. The most  surprising thing in the book is that Crichton makes a very strong case for  &quot;psychic phenomena&quot;. From his work and education, I'd always  assumed he would be a hard-science materialist, but he is not. He makes an  interesting case for his viewpoint, and I'm sure he's sincere (he has  little to gain from making such claims).  But I can't say he convinced me.  Even so, I've reread the book once, and will probably do so again. Very  interesting and well-written.
&#34;Story&#34; is an absolute must for writers.  I am a playwright and find the book ideal for my craft, even though it is written for screen writers..  Robert McKee is extremely clear, practical, and profound - a rare combination.  His emphasis is on the necessary connection of the picture or performance with the audience, which must be drawn into the action and characters.  Subtleties abound in this tome, such as the difference of character and characterization.For me, the book is a very slow read, because there is so much wisdom and practical advice in every chapter.  One should consider pausing after a few pages for the rest of the day, before rushing to the next portion.
As an avid reader, I must admit I broke a cardinal rules, I judged a book by its cover. This is one of the best looking books I've ever seen, but its sweet and gooey center is even better. This book did for me what &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; did for so many others(no, I'm not talking about assasssination here). After finishing I wanted to flip to the begining and start again. It's just that good. As despicable as she was, I think I've fall in love with Himillsy. Chip Kidd is doing amazing things with book design, it's almost infuriating that he's this good at writing as well.
The book was excellent. I loved the way it blended science and fiction. I also loved the idea of time jumps and the problems these things meant for the plot. And the ending?! Well, you'll just have to read it yourself.I have been an Azimov fan for decades. I have finally found someone I like as well.
okay, i'll admit i've never understood the &quot;lingerie-on-the-cover&quot; scheme on both of young's books, but despite them the books are wonderful and different and refreshingly fun. after reading &quot;asking for trouble&quot; i didn't hesitate picking up &quot;a promising man.&quot; i find young's heroines extremely witty, sure-footed and independent, which is a breath of fresh air from the insecurity of bridget jonesque characters (even though i do love bridget!). young is hilarious in her delivery; the dialogue is the kind that makes you burst out laughing for no good reason and i found myself finishing the book in one sitting then wishing i hadn't gone through it so quickly. definitely recommended!
This book is the Michael Moore we all know and love.  This book is sure to please fans of Michael's humor and of his politics.This book was a page turner from the moment I opened it.  I was literally on the edge of my seat through most of it, especially the chapter where Michael and his rag-tag group of Latin American freedom fighters scaled the fences surrounding the Groom Lake Air Force Base and engaged in hand-to-hand combat with armed government men driving tinted window sedans without license plates. I wept for his fallen comrades.Easter is coming and I can think of no more appropriate gift for the children or other loved ones in your life than a copy of this fantastic book.
Nitin Nohria is Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School, William Joyce is Professor of Strategy and Organizational Theory at Dartmouth's College Tuck School of Business, and Bruce Roberson is Vice-President of Marketing and Sales at Safety-Kleen in Texas and was a Partner at McKinsey & Co. This article was published in the July 2003-issue of Harvard Business Review.In order to answer the question "What really works?" the authors decide to undertake a research effort, which they term the Evergreen Project. The Evergreen Project is a careful examination of more than 200 well-established management practices within 160 companies over a 10-year period (1986-1996). Although the research method is discussed in detail this article primarily discusses the findings from this project. "Our findings took us quite by surprise." The authors found that "winners" outperform excel at the four primary management practices: 1. Strategy: devise and maintain a clearly stated, focused strategy. 2. Execution: develop and maintain flawless operational execution. 3. Culture: develop and maintain a performance-oriented culture. 4. Structure: build and maintain a fast, flexible, flat organization. In addition, "winners" also master two of the four secondary management practices: (i) Talent: hold on to talented employees and find more. (ii) Innovation: make industry-transforming innovations. (iii) Leadership: find leaders who are committed to the business and its people. (iv) Mergers and acquisitions: seek growth through mergers and partnerships. "We call the winning combination the 4 +2 formula for business success." The authors point out that companies which consistently follow this formula have a 90% chance of sustaining superior business performance. Both the 4 primary and 4 secondary practices are discussed in detail. There is also a useful sidebar which explains how you can make the 4 + 2 formula work for your organization. "... we've developed a list of behaviors that support excellence in each practice." I believe that this sidebar is very useful as a checklist to remind from time to time what really works.Yes, I do like this article. It introduces a `4 + 2 formula for business success' which highlights 4 fundamentals of business and 4 supplementary practices to the fundamentals. The formula, which is based on extensive research, is simple and easy to understand. I do believe that the "Making 4 +2 Work for You" sidebar is extremely useful and can be used as a checklist for senior management. I believe that this article, which was later followed by a book, is a useful addition to other research into high-performance organizations such as Tom Peters & Robert Waterman (In Search of Excellence, 1982), Jim Collins & Jerry Porras (Built to Last, 1994), Jim Collins (Good to Great, 2001). Recommended to all people interested in management and successful organizations.
Dorothy Gale finds herself in a strange land. She must muster all of her strength to travel the yellow brick road, find the wizard, kill the Wicked Witch of the West, and return home again. Along the way she receives some help from Glinda the Good Witch. A story of triumph in the face of adversity, The Wizard of Oz is one of the only classic children's stories with a female lead.
I only recently discovered this author- can not get enough of the holiday stories. will soon start on other genres
I loved this book. I read it when it first came out and just reread it to see if it stood the test of time. It did. I was laughing out loud at some of the scenes, yet the story also has its serious side. Maxted's first book was a winner.
This is a sprawling novel with 3 different stories going on at once. 2 of them take place during WWII and the third in the modern era. Each story deals with encrypted messages. In WWII it's the men trying to break the German and Japanese coded messages and in the modern era it's the hackers trying to encrypt their emails and such so no one knows their business. The book jumps back and forth between the three with no warning and eventually the two WWII storylines cross over and intermix. Many of the characters in the modern story are relatives of the WWII people so in some ways their story intermixes as well. With all this, the plot is actually pretty thin, but Stephenson somehow keeps you interested in seeing what happens next. There is so much here that didn't need to be. At 1150 pages it was in desperate need of an editor and the ending is a big letdown. However, it kept my interest and there were times when I had trouble putting it down.
I am reviewing this on behalf of my daughter, and as my perspective of what engaging literacy might be. The book had arrived in the afternoon, and when I got home in the evening - it was nearly completely digested. She was able to explain the journeys, the relationships, and was able to anticipate the "mistake". Not sure if this is correct, but she was thinking, and thinking deeply.I see the book as a success, therefore. If it can grab a young mind, offer a literary journey, and provoke thought - why not.My daughter reads a lot, so I feel is a strong reader for her age. She is 9 so enjoys such genres of literature. So, judge accordingly. For such an audience I think it will work, and if not, very little lost.
I read this book with my 4 year old son. He loves the movie the Wizard of Oz and we both enjoyed reading this book. He pointed out all of the differences between the book and the movie. Really great to share with him.
This is probably Garth Nix's most uneven book, which still puts it a notch over the majority of fantasy out there. While not as textured or carefully developed as Sabriel, it is nevertheless engrossing and convincing, and -- yes, indeed, far better than almost every kids-get-sucked-into-fantasy-world-to-battle-evil.We open to see Paul and his sister Julia, playing on a beach where Julia finds a rag doll embedded in enormous black feathers and a bunch of sticks. Though Julia seems thrilled with the doll, Paul immediately gets &quot;bad vibes&quot; from the doll -- and hears a sinister voice calling it the &quot;Ragwitch.&quot; Within minutes, Julia is taken over by the doll, and begins a transformation into an enormous living version of the Ragwitch -- a malevolent creature who surpasses C.S. Lewis' White Witch.The Ragwitch escapes into another world, and Paul follows her. Julia is trapped inside the Ragwitch's mind, constantly hearing the Ragwitch's voice and seeing/hearing what she does. Upon arriving at her destination, the Ragwitch summons her hideous army of unnatural, distorted creatures. They begin to attack the innocent people nearby -- including an old witch who has a strange effect on the Ragwitch. Julia gains unexpected allies locked within her enemy's memory: the witch Lyssa, attacked by the Ragwitch; Mirren, a king that the Ragwitch locked into a shambling animalistic form; and a mysterious red-haired woman who may be the key to helping defeat the evil hordes...Paul refuses to give up on his sister, and learns from a peculiar old hermit that he must gain the help of the wild magic Elementals -- Fire, Water, Earth and Air. The problem is that all four may or may not choose to help him. He must also deal with the rather eccentric Patchwork King, the keeper of all magic...Perhaps the book's biggest flaw is the beginning. While we come to know and like Paul and Julia over the course of the book, we leap straight into the finding of the Ragwitch without knowing much about the characters, their background, their family, etc. An introductory chapter might be nice. And since there was a gap of a few years between the writing of two parts of it, the style of it seems to flow more easily in the second half than the first. The dialogue also is a bit stilted in the beginning, but grows easier as the book progresses.Anyhow, the Ragwitch herself is horrific. My initial reaction was &quot;Raggedy Ann meets the Exorcist&quot;, but frankly after a while I stopped thinking about the idea of a sentient rag doll, and focused on the sadistic evil of her. Yet at the same time, we are given a glimpse of the person that the Ragwitch once was (well, before she got a body of &quot;indestructible cloth&quot;) and how she became the monster that she is. The Elementals are sufficiently different in temperament, from the crabby Water to the kindly Earth to the flamenco-dancing Fire. We don't get to know Paul as well as Julia, since Julia does a great deal of introspection, while sometimes it felt like we were focusing more on what Paul was doing than on Paul himself.This is definitely a YA book, as many sections of it will be horrifying for younger children. Oroch, for example, is a pretty creepy character -- Nix doesn't tell us what he looks like under his bandages, but the implication is enough. We also get a girl possessed by an evil creature, massacres of humans and assorted battles (not graphically shown).Nix also displays a fantasy tactic that he used later in Sabriel, and which he does extremely well: the mix of high fantasy and more modern things, such as the hot-air balloon, and the various foodstuffs that the Patchwork King conjures. This is not an easy thing to do convincingly, but Nix does it in rare style. He also managed to pull off an ending that a lesser author might have fumbled.This book is not as textured as Sabriel or its sequel. But it is nevertheless an effective fantasy with a dash of horror. Well worth the read!
I love this little gem of a book! Sam, 11-year-old boy, discovers the nest of a trumpeter swan family, one of which baby swans is born without a voice. This is the story of Louis the swan's persistance and determination to gain the heart of his true-love, even though he has no voice with which to woo her. I love the old cobb, who fancies himself a wise and poetic bird, and who waxes eloquent and long-winded on many an occasion. White has a dry and wonderful sense of humor! If you never read this when you were 10, it's time to go back and read it.
There have been many biographies written about H. L. Mencken.  This is the best. Elegantly written and succinct, readers can learn much from this idiosyncratic man of letters.  Unlike other biographies, you can glean much without knowing every minute detail.
&quot;Prisoner of My Desire&quot; was pretty shocking to me the first time I read it about 10 years ago. I was a teenager then, and a HUGE fan of Johanna Lindsey, so I couldn't understand why she would write a romance about a man and woman raping each other. Needless to say, this book went on my list of &quot;never to read again&quot; obscurity. Luckily, I threw away that list!!!I just reread &quot;Prisoner&quot; and, to my absolute surprise, enjoyed it immensely. It is a provocative book, but the rape scenes weren't as outrageous as I remembered (actually, they're pretty hot). The heroine Rowena is the one who starts raping Warrick, after all. Not because she wants to, of course, but because she is the victim of her scheming brother's greed and either has to straddle manly Warrick or watch her mother die. What would you do?To say the least, Prisoner is one of JL's more steamy romances. I think half the book takes place in bed somewhere. Rowena and Warrick are fun characters, too, both with strong, likable personalities. It's hard not to like everyone in this book. Even Gilbert, the bad guy, has redeemable traits.My biggest criticism of &quot;Prisoner&quot; is how closely related plot- and character-wise it is to JL's earlier work, &quot;So Speaks the Heart.&quot; Both are medieval romances, both have blond lovers, both revolve around the knight treating the lady like a slave because of something bad involving the lady's brother, and both deal with pregnancies. However, &quot;Prisoner&quot; is the better book of the two, with stronger characters and a more intriguing storyline.I personally would recommend &quot;Prisoner&quot; any day as a great medieval romance. However, if it sounds like too violent a book for you, read &quot;So Speaks the Heart&quot; or Lindsey's other medieval (and fantastic) novels &quot;When Love Awaits&quot; and &quot;Defy Not the Heart.&quot; If you're in the mood for time travel to the medieval period, read JL's &quot;Until Forever,&quot; about a gorgeous Viking with a cursed sword.
Hoffer's insights are still amazingly relevant today even though this book was written over fifty years ago. For anyone who desires to understand the mindset of people attracted to mass movements (whether they're based on politics or religion), this is one of the best books on that subject. One thing I especially like about the book is that Hoffer keeps it short and to the point. He makes his points clearly without any undo fuss. On the other hand, the book is so meaty that I found myself stopping often to consider the author's points. And I found myself almost always agreeing with the author after due consideration. I give this book my highest recommendation. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope
I am getting used to her style and am enjoying her books more now. Since I don't complete a book in one sitting sometimes I have to work at keeping all the characters in their own plots.
This is a fun book for any little ones that are fascinated with all things garbage.  It gives kudos to the NY Sanitation Department.
...This book is definitely fascinating enough to be worth a read, but by no means is it a literary masterpiece nor is it fully succesful as a work of art.Pros*Readable, absorbing accounts of cryptography, mathematics, computer geeks and various technical topics. This is what makes Stephenson stand out. I am a computer scientist, and I found his description of technical concepts to be highly accurate.*Great, complicated plot that keeps you turning the pages right up to page 910. Stephenson is great at descriptions and gives interesting information about U-boats, World War II, the Philippines, Greek mythology, academic culture, oral surgery and much more.Cons* The parts do not add up to a comprehensive whole. There are many interesting bits, but I was not left with anything to chew on at the end of it all. I was looking for some underlying themes or unifying ideas and I didn't find them.*Shallow character development. Apart from Randy Waterhouse, we gain very little insight into the character's thinking. Thus, it is difficult to engage with them  and to really care about what they are going through. In particular, the relationship between Randy and his romantic interest is poorly developed and doesn't feel natural at all.*Poor ending. The ending feels like Stephenson has ran out of stuff to write and just decided to end it there.This novel is a cut above the John Grisham stuff, but it does not attain the level of literary fiction, despite strenuous attempts by Stephenson. He has a great knack for plotting and vivid descriptions, but he needs to work on presenting a unified artistic vision and creating characters that the reader can actually care about if he wants to fulfill his artistic ambitions.
I pre-ordered ANGRY MANAGEMENT months ago and have counted down the days till its release. Chris Crutcher, as always, does not disappoint. From the first story that utilizes past characters Sarah Byrnes and Angus Bethune, I was pulled into their lives intensely. It was genius to bring back the character of Mr. Nak to guide the reader through the lives of past beloved characters and a new one or two. I loved this book even more than DEADLINE, Crutcher's last book-- and that's saying a lot.This is another one I will be buying for my friends who care about kids, as well as those who just love a great story (stories, actually).
I enjoyed this installment of the series, though it seemed a lot tamer than the other books in the series, particularly the climax. I also missed the local Baltimore flavor usually found in these books.On the plus side, I was glad there was no Crow because the character has never appealed much to me. Unfortunately, by the ending of the book, it doesn't seem as if his absence will last.
Again this author holds your interest, each of this series has its own plot yet they are connected through family.  It is exciting to hear about each of the characters.  Very likeable
While the first two books in the Princess Diaries series were better, Princess Diaries and Princess in the Spotlight, this is a must read if you are a fan of the series.Princess in Love starts out with Mia going out with her new boyfriend. She kind of has a problem. She dosen't actually like this guy. Instead, she still has a HUGE crush on her best friend Lilly's older brother Michael.The reason I didn't like this book as much as the others is that the story is kind of old by now. There isn't a huge plot in this book, but a lot does happen. My favorite part is the hilarious list of instructions Mia leaves for her family on how they have to take car of her cat.
The book arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I am a second grade teacher and my students LOVED the story. There were several sad faces and teary eyes at the end.
Haldeman originally wrote this novel as an allegory of the Vietnam war, told through the eyes of a reluctant soldier caught up in a battle that never seemed to end, while the world he left behind changed drastically. However, it applies to all wars, in any time, and the book has never lost its timeliness.Main character William Mandella serves in the war against the mysterious Taurans, which, because of time dilation udring his spaceship travels, lasts for seven hundred years while Mandella ages only ten. Earth alters, lifestyles completely change, and Mandella wonders the purpose of the senseless warfare.Although specifically allegorical, Haldeman's novel is powerful enough to apply to all combat. In a way, this could be seen as the opposite to Heinlein's _Starship Troopers_, with reluctant soldiers caught in purposeless combat, and a hero who is neither more skilled or heroic than any other solider around him-he has merely lasted longer than the others. The book has many great touching moments in between the furious combat scenes (a few of which are confusing), such a Mandella's separation from his love Marygay Potter, and a sad return to an Earth that has aged beyond their understanding.A deserving classic of many awards, and I'm sure it will never age as long as warfare is still with us.
In a time of political correctness, nobody but Michael Moore tells it like it is! This book gives it to political orthodoxy with both barrels. Over and over, I found myself saying: &quot;I can't believe that he put that in print!&quot;An outrageous book with practical (and sometimes way over the top) suggestions as to what the reader can do to restore sanity to American public life.A really fun read!
Entertaining, tender tale, reminiscent of the 80s movie STARMAN, marrying sci fi space fantasy with young love. Kind of wish the ending was a bit different. This beautiful story also reminds me of another sci-fi love book, SUMMER OF THE GREEN STAR, from '81, which I also enjoyed, but the mood of this story is darker. Again, five (green?) stars
Any potential reader of The Chronicles of Narnia will already be familiar with the great reputation of these books, and there is very little I can add to the material already widely available . I can merely recommend this text to any person, particularly children and "grown-up" readers of children's literature, who hadn't read these books to do so as soon as possible (preferably curled up in bed with some ovaltine or hot chocolate in hand on a still and rainy evening). Certainly this collection is very well bound, the texture of the paper and the vivid colouring of Baynes' beloved illustrations makes these books some of the most beautiful (and not to mention affordable) copies of C. S. Lewis' books available.
As an adult, I recently re-read this book aloud to my three children: ages 7,5, and 4.  After reading the first few pages, I was reminded how sadly rare are the artful storytellers with a true gift of language.  So many chapter books today are overwritten or overtly didactic, with heavy-handed dialogue.  Not so with E.B. White.  He captures his young audience's attention through the 200+ pages with a continuously moving plot, while weaving in descriptions of the swans and their habitat and the weightier theme of overcoming physical handicaps.How often do you read sentences like this in popular children's chapter books today: "But one day a change came over the woods and the pond.  Warm air, soft and kind, blew through the trees.  The ice, which had softened during the night, began to melt.  Patches of open water appeared.  All the creatures that lived in the pond and in the woods were glad to feel the warmth.  They heard and felt the breath of spring, and they stirred with new life and hope.  There was a good, new smell in the air, a smell of earth waking after its long sleep" (9).
Like the pig who gets a pancake, and the moose who gets the cookie, the cat who gets a cupcake leads their owner on a frenetic trip to the kitchen, beach, and museum.  A very fun series kids always love again and again.  They never seem to get tired of it.  As a teacher I love using the stories and having students learn to read it themselves.  It is wonderful to see the delight in their eyes.  I highly think that it is great that Laura Numeroff and  Felicia Bond can up with new ideas and still complement their older stories.
I was looking for a book written in an unusual voice and I found it in this book.  This book allows you to view a young African American man's plight through his eyes as he's accused, charged, and thrown into jail for a crime he didn't commit.Myers has you living right in that cell with Steve Harmon, the 16 year-old arrested and accused of being lookout a dealer.  You feel Steve's confusion when his own lawyer doesn't ask if he did the crime and doesn't seem to care if he did.  I won't tell you how it all ends for Steve but I will say great stuff!
My advice on this one is to read it in small doses.  Otherwise, you may find yourself looking suspiciously around every corner ... Hang on a minute!  Bravo to Mike and his sources.  Long may he reign.
This book is great. Easy to read, hard to put down. When I was done reading it I wanted to read it again.
Thirteen-year-old Millicent MacCool knows that her fourteenth birthday will not be an ordinary day. Not like other fourteen-year-old's birthdays. No, not at all. You see, in Millicent's family, turning fourteen means receiving a magical Gift, and that magical Gift, is the ability to make one wish in life that will come true. Sure Millicent wants to grow-up, but she's not sure that she's ready for that kind of Power. As the day of her fourteen bithday draws closer and closer, Millicent is slowly realizing how dangerous having this one Gift can be, and how difficult the choices that she will face throughout her life will be, as well. Millicent is learning how to struggly with love, secrets, and betrayal, and in the end, Millicent will have to make the hardest decision that she will ever have to make. One that will change her life forever, as she knows it.I was surprised to stumble across Ann Rinaldi's MILLICENT'S GIFT, while browsing through the bookstore the other day, as I am so accustomed to her writing historical fiction, and MILLICENT'S GIFT is nothing like that. Instead, it is a paranormal/magic book that is set in modern day times. However, I will applaud Ms. Rinaldi on her amazing work, as MILLICENT'S GIFT is a wonderful work of literature for both young and old. Millicent is an exciting character, whom is a wonderful friend, and a trustworthy daughter, niece, and sister. She is intelligent, determined, and spirited, and will be loved by readers the world over. A must have book.Erika Sorocco
What's the worst part about this book?  The fact that it only covers two seasons (the eleventh and the twelfth) of The Simpsons.  What's the best part?  Everything else.  The third book in a series vital for every Simpsons fan, this edition does what the previous two did not and devotes two full pages to every episode.  You'll find out more of the great lines, hidden references, and sight gags you may have missed than ever before.There's no way to praise this book--or this series of books--highly enough.  Just be forewarned that you'll want to own them all, which may prove difficult, since the show is showing no signs of stopping!  There'll probably be another book out in a couple of years, and another book after that, but so what?  The Simpsons is worth it, and there's no better way to get involved with them than by absorbing this engrossing volume.
Loaded with creative recipes accompanied by full-size colour photos. Many recipes require a dehydrator or a high-speed blender, but are easy to make for raw-food enthusiasts. Suitable for daily food preparation as well as for dinner parties. The book has a hard cover and a beautiful lay-out. CON: In the body-centered lifestyle tradition, there are many photos of the author in all kinds of poses and settings, including in women's clothes and meditating in leather pants.
In a world of quick fixes and desire for instant gratification/meaning, Lamb takes the time to explore self examination and reflexion.  While lengthy, the book evolves much the way real family and self saving therapy does: slowly with one step forward and sometimes 2 steps back.Painfully but wonderfully candid from the storyteller's point of view.
Can't say enough about this author.  Her style and content absolutly top notch.i always learn about her subject, Always recommend her highly to friends.
Not sure why Maguire has so much to say about being a woman, but it's an entertaining read.  A totally different perspective on the fairy tale (for awhile I wasn't sure how it was going to connect to Cinderella...but it does and it's unexpected).
Author/Illustrator team Kate and Jim McMullan have concocted an energetic tribute to trash trucks, those objects of veneration to toddlers everywhere.  The trash truck delivers an upbeat monologue about himself and then, with dramatic sound effects, backs up to a pile of bags to chomp his way through an "alphabet soup" made of Apple cores, Banana peels, Candy wrappers, Dirty diapers -- you get the idea.  Although he makes no bones about the grossness of his role, you can't deny his necessity: "Without me, you're on Mount Trash-o-rama, baby!"Illustrated in a lively, cartoon-style drawings with lots of movement, this book delivers plenty of attitude and macho style, and the dramatic text requires performance rather than a sedate read-aloud pace.  For those adults who don't wish to perform the story as often as the audience will desire (and oh, they will), there is also an appealing CD and DVD.
You must buy this book . It has foley's opinion on everything from wrestling to theme parks,movies,songs,etc........and it has all the info on what it is like backstage in the WWF and how the PTC is bashing the WWF everywhere,and there is a heartfull chapter on Owen Hart.
Lucy Pitt is a foster home veteran who now, at 15, lands in San Francisco's LAST CHANCE TEXACO, a group home for kids who no one wants.Lucy is no shrinking violet, in fact she's quite used to defending herself. She knows well the pecking order, & the Kindle Home alpha-female, Joy, is a bully with a conniving streak a mile wide. All too soon she's got Lucy in her cross hairs.Come with Lucy as she warily learns the ropes, finds her place. Come with her to her new school which turns out to be for rich kids, one of whom, Alicia, sets her up for humiliation. Then in Biology Class Alicia's boyfriend taunts her & Lucy hauls off & gives him a black eye.Naturally, there are consequences.Rebeccasreads highly recommends THE LAST CHANCE TEXACO as a thrilling & thought-provoking story about growing up when you've got nothing left to lose, & then finding that you actually have the rest of your life to live.Could not put it down!
Elizabeth Young is the author who got me hooked on British chick lit with Asking For Trouble. Her use of "brit-speak" alone makes this book like her previous a funny and offbeat diversion for any American woman. I find myself "fancying" things and wanting "spots" of this and that.This story is about Harriet Gray, a twenty something Londoner, living with her three friends in the house left to her and her father by an elderly Aunt. Sally moved in after having her unexpected son Tom and Harriet seeing how attached Sally had become  has put off the inevitable sale of the house while Sally gets oriented to motherhood and puts off rejoining the workforce. Jacko from Liverpool, her bestfriend from college has been staying since he had an accident and broke his arm, so he can be close to his physiotherapist, he is a wild been around the block type of bloke, who may fancy the swedish border who also lives there.Harriet hasn't had a proper boyfriend not to mention sex in months. When she meets John, a man she could just fancy rotten, she is dismayed by the fact that he is dating her old high school rival Nina, but then since he loaned her cab fare at their first meeting it would be rude not to take him out for a drink to repay him, wouldn't it? When sparks fly she's caught out of sorts, is he seeing Nina still or isn't he? When Christmas rolls around and she finds herself nursing him through the flu, she's starting to think the heck with Nina. Then through the gossip mill she starts getting all sorts of information about the Nina/John thing and she doesn't know what to think. Is John the Promising Man he seems when they are together or simply a smootharse, looking for a little on the side?This book is laugh out loud funny and doles out the warm and fuzzies as well. Definitely a good pick if you like Brit Chick lit. If you've not tried any yet, this would be a perfect starter.
Michael Moore does know how to push all the "right" buttons, doesn't he? and not just on the local candy machine.For a sometimes stupid fat white guy, he does offer up some amusing diatribes and reveries that are certain to prompt discussions. I like how he applies the same brazen in your face methods of his enemy (the Right). He comes on so belligerent and overbearing at times that one could mistake him for a Republican mole. Remember how much money the government gets off book sale taxes.If you are feeling a bit sinful and wanting to take a trip on the wild "liberal" side, read this one and then Robert Anton Wilson's TSOG. They will surely fuel you with necessary intellectual ammunition to delightfully upset 30-40% of the people at your next party (if you live in a city like mine, maybe 80-90%).Thank the gods for free speech!
One of Pratchett's best with some of his greatest characters -- Adora Belle Dearheart and Moist von Lipwig. There's a movie adaptation that is remarkably close to the book but not quite exactly the same so if you've seen the movie, you do really need to read the book. And once you've read the book, you'll probably demand to see the movie.  Moist von Lipwig is a con-man who gets hanged and then put in charge of the decayed, moribund Ankh-Morpock Post Office as penance for his crimes. His job is to get it running again to provide an alternative to Reacher Gilt's Clacks messaging system. As always with Pratchett, you find yourself shaking your head in agreement with his pithy, intelligence and downright devilish common sense.
As a child I was caught up in the Spassky v. Fisher chess match.  I was learning the game and watched every move as it was made.  This book gives the back story about what was going on that caused interruptions to the games and the societal impact of the match.  For anyone interested in chess or that particular match, this is a book for you.
CRYPTONOMICON, written by Neal Stephenson, is a big book. Big.  BIG.  Bordering on HUGE.  It has innumerable characters, enough plot to fill several books, and a theme that is presented in such exhaustive detail at some points that the reader has to lie down for awhile to absorb it all.  It is a BIG book.Thank God it's also funny.Besides being an in-depth look at the world of hackers, cryptography, modern-day treasure hunters, World War II, tunnel digging, espionage, and more;  Besides ALL that, CRYPTONOMICON may very well be the funniest book I've read since THE HITCHHIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY.Basically, Stepehenson follows two plot lines.  In the first, he follows Lawrence Waterhouse, mathematician extrordinaire, as he becomes a foremost expert on the subject of code-making and code-breaking.  Considering the usefullness of this gift, he is a) recruited as a code-breaker for the United States during World War II, b) sent to far off countires with names spelled without the use of vowels, and c) becomes a pioneer in the creation of the digital computer.In the second plot line, Stephenson follows Randy Waterhouse, Lawrence's grandson, who is involved in setting up a 'data haven', whereby sensitive material from any source can be safely stored, for a price.  But he soon becomes embroiled in a) the legal machinations of a billionaire known only as the Dentist, b) a scheme to create his own electronic currency, and c) a mad rush to dig up a Nipponese gold stash that has remained hidden since World War II.Whew.Obviously, CRYPTONOMICON is not to everyone's taste.  It demands a great deal of patience, as Stephenson spends a large amount of time explaining the background and inner workings of computers, and code-breaking.  However, Stephenson manages the near impossible;  he creates excitement out of the most tedious technical explanations.  I have read entire novels not half as interesting or suspenseful as Stephenson's desciption of the mathematics of a particular form of cryptography.But Stephenson is not merely content to explain codes, he explains EVERYTHING:  the ideal method of consuming Cap'n Crunch cereal;  how to equally divide up an inheritance;  how nitrogen bubbles are created in the bloodstream;  and so on.  Half the pleasure in Stephenson's work (and it IS a pleasure) is wondering where the next digression is going to come from, or from what new angle he'll approach a scenario.  Stephenson is not a man lacking for ideas.  In lesser hands, this could all seem quite precious and smug, but Stephenson never condescends.  And if you don't understand the concepts, it doesn't matter, the novel still works without one-hundred-percent comprehension.Ideas aside, CRYPTONOMICON is still a splendid read.  With literally hundreds of characters, Stephenson manages to keep each one of them distinct, and his interwoven time lines are remarkable in their clarity.  The ending seems a letdown, but how could it not be?  After 900 pages, anything less than nuclear annihilation would be somewhat disappointing.And, as I mentioned, it is often VERY funny.  Laugh-out-loud funny, which I find very rare in a novel.  And even if I absolutely hated CRYPTONOMICON (which I assuredly do not), I would still love his ten page digression into Lawrence Waterhouse's love life, as Lawrence tries to define his increasing loneliness and lust as a mathematical construct, including charts and graphs and equations.  After that, I'd follow him anywhere.
My son loves garbage trucks- yuck to me but he loves them and this book is so cute in explaining how he loves to eat all the stinky stuff. Really cute and funny
Just finished this book over the weekend and have to say that it was the  funniest book I have read in a long time!  &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; was  excellent but had a lot of slapstick elements to it whereas &quot;Getting  Over It&quot; was more realistic to me.  I could so relate to Helen's life  - her friends, her job, her cat (Fatboy - love him!) and her &quot;man  problems&quot;.  I found myself more than a few times laughing so hard I  couldn't breathe - that's high praise.  If you enjoyed &quot;Bridget  Jones&quot;, run and get &quot;Getting Over It&quot; - you won't be  disappointed.
I did not know twins would separate from each other.I loved it.I would recommend this book for kids all around the world to read.
With as many reviews on file as there are on this book I hope prospective readers will take the hint that this is an excellent book.  I read SHE'S COME UNDONE because it was recommended by Oprah.  I read this one because I  will now read anything Wally Lamb writes.  (I watched Oprah's show with him  . . . what a nice guy!)  I was impressed with the author's ability to  develop such a great female character in his first book.  Now in his second  book, he has given us a remarkable male lead character (as well as other  wonderful characters).  There is a lot of emotion written into these 897  pages, including a lot of pain.  I, as the reader, FELT that pain; I went  through it all with the characters.  I enjoyed the parallels drawn among  the three generations; the questions were finally answered and understood  at the end.  I loved the ending.  I like it when things work out.  Don't  let the length of the book put you off.  Remember . . . when you love a  book, there are never enough pages to it.  THANKS, WALLY LAMB.  I WILL READ  ANYTHING YOU PUT OUT THERE FOR ME TO READ!
This is a very good book. The author visits the sites that cook had been and discovers a few things for himself. I love reading about cook because of how brave he was. A self taught man. Growing up poor and becomming captain of a ship was quite a feat. He was also an excelent map maker with some of his maps still in use today. An excelent read.
In 1817 Princess Tatiana Rocheneau will do anything for the good of her people so she sets forth from Sedonia in disguise to meet Cairn MacTavish, pirate captain of Teleere in order to obtain his services to protect her beloved island kingdom.  To insure her safety, a look alike is left behind sitting on the throne.However, nothing goes right from the start, as she hates traveling by sea.  Looking forward to land, the moment she sets foot on Teleere, Tatiana is arrested and is accused of being super thief Magical Megs.  In spite of her insistence that she is not Meg, but a neighboring princess, Cairn rejects her plea of innocence.  Desperate, Tatiana escapes though her heart remains captive.  Cairn follows knowing that this woman stole his heart too.Though there has been a recent influx of Regency tales involving island kingdoms, readers will enjoy this delightful novel.  The lead couple is charming, but it is the master thief Meg who steals the show, as readers will want to know more about this magical robber.  Early nineteenth century romance fans will want to read the pleasing THE PRINCESS AND THE PIRATE, as the story is simple fun.Harriet Klausner
I almost gave 5 stars for the sheer amount of research that went into it.  The author takes you around the world from the South Pacific to Alaska to Britain to the Outback.  Highly informative and clever at times, but not quite a page turner in my opinion.  I never fully understood Horwitz's passion for Cook.  I didn't fell the thrill Cook and his crew must have experienced at discovering HAWAII for crying out loud.By contrast The Last Place on Earth by Roland Huntford, about the race to first reach the South Pole in the early 20th Century read like a novel.  It was impossible to put down.Blue Latitudes gives you a glimpse of places you'll likely never visit in person and that alone makes it well worth picking up.
Not the best scifi book out there...but I enjoyed it. Well written &  interesting characters! A good Sunday afternoon read.
this is a very nicely put together book. My daughter read all of the Little House books. When I saw this book I got it for her. It was nice and informative.
Cryptonomicon is without doubt one of the best books I've read in quite some time.  The story told in this book is well thought out, well researched, and very thought provoking.  A lot of modern day social issues  relating to technology are explored within the context of the story.  It  took me a long time to read through the first 75 pages or so, but after  that I could scarecly put it down.At its core, Cryptonomicon revolves  around cryptography, or in other words, the art/science of encrypting  information.  The story follows two families who are both involved in the  allies cryptanalysis and information warfare efforts during WW2 into the  modern day, as they strive to create an offshore &quot;data heaven&quot; -  and try to get rich while their at it.I wholeheartedly recommend  this book, but before purchasing it there are a few warnings for the  perspective reader:First, be forewarned that if you don't have a  background in computers and math, Cryptonomicon may loose you in places  since the author goes into a bit of technical detail from time to time.Second, Stephenson's writing style can distract from the story on occasion.  By this I mean that he will occasionaly rattle off pages of uninteresting  detail that also turns out to be more or less irrelevant to the story.  This book could have lost 150 pages and still been every bit as good, if  not better.Third, the book is a bit hard to follow - the book covers  two time periods (WW2 and the present day), and several characters within  each.  The author freely moves back and forth between relating events in  both time periods, which in itself is fine.  But often we come to a passage  about a character that seems to be completely disjoined from the last  events the author related about the character, because the author has  skipped ahead in the character's timeline so that he can relate the  intervening events that occured to the character in the past tense.  Unfortunately, while this is a nice literary device, it also makes  following the book more difficult and even a bit frusterating at times.
I have read all 3 of Wally Lambs books and each one is unreal!  This book had me gasping all the way until the end.  Such an excellent book and I will never forget the characters.  I felt like I was right there with them the whole time.  Must read!
My husband calls our 2-year old son &quot;Doodlebug&quot; so you can guess how excited I was to find this book!When he opened it on Father's Day morning, he was practically speechless.  Of course, he and our son immediately opened it and read it!  They both loved it and so did I.The pictures are bright and colorful without being too distracting.  The recommended age was 4-6, but our 2-year old sits through the reading.It has become one of our favorite books.  It's such a sweet and funny father and son book.
You could give this book ten stars and it would not be overrated. Wally Lamb is a contemporary literary genius. Iv'e read many great books in the past 40 years; none has surpassed this one. If you enjoy a truly engrossing story, and writing at its highest level, then read this book. You won't be disappointed!
Anthologies are usually hit or miss. Most storylines do not lend themselves to a compressed format and many times I want more. I was pleasantly surprised with these three stories. The heroes were typical but the heroines were all special in that they were not the characteristic beautiful, vacuous, spineless women that romance novels excel in.My favorite of the three was "Midsummer's Knight" by Kinley MacGregor.  I had just recently completed "Master of Desire" and longed to see what happened to Draven's brother Simon. The storyline was entertaining because of the misunderstanding Simon's letter writing caused. Kenna was a charming woman and did not match the perfect mold most romantic heroines adhere to. But her capacity to love even a landless knight offset any physical flaws. I was on the edge of my seat to see how this could end happily and even the short format did not rush the ending any. Loved it and have now ordered Stryder's story!The Lesa Kleypas story was also good. I enjoyed catching up with Dr. Linley who is in other Kleypas books. But you did not have to read any of the other books to follow the storyline of unrequited love on the part of Dr. Linley and realize he was a better choice of husband for Lydia than the passionless Lord Wray. I enjoyed Lydia's analytical/mathematical mind! I always enjoy Kleypas' clever conversations and sensual love scenes. Reading this led me to find Lydia's parents story ... and the prequel to that also!The last story by Julia Quinn of two sisters was endearing. It seemed a little rushed compared to the other stories but I felt empathy for all the characters (almost) trapped in an unwise marriage. But Charlotte with loyalty to her (soon to be married) sister on the line, and backbone to follow through on her plans, ends up with Ned in the end.  Both sisters were interesting!A good anthology not to be missed, especially if you have met the characters in other books.
A mystery story  - a love story - a story of friendship - a story of betrayal.  I couldn't put it down and must say it brought back memories of my own development.  I wish Lashner would write more of the Carl stories.  Carl's character has many deep and complicated tangents.
For a first-time reader this book does its job. Does not contain any illustrations though. Introduced me to an American classic, and made clear so many Hollywood movie references to the book, to "Dorothy", "Kansas", and more, as seen in movies like "The Matrix", "The Twister", etc... The modern fairy tale of Dorothy, her dog, the Scarecrow who is in search of a brain, the tinman in search of a heart so he can love again, a cowardly lion in search of courage, the wizard who is revealed to be a small, timid man behind the curtain.The story itself is simple, with plenty of uplifting lessons thrown in, from the courage of Dorothy, the little girl from Kansas, to the scarecrow who desires a brain but is still able to think without one, or the Lion in need of courage but still has a heart full of courage inside of him, to the value of friendship and keeping to one's promises.The Kindle ebook version is all text, no graphics or illustrations. Support for text-to-speech is present, text-size adjustment, dictionary, and other features are all there.
I liked this one better than Wicked.  I liked the way the dwarves were portrayed, and the mirror was great.  Super clever and highly original.  My favorite so far.  Have an open mind when you read it.
There is nothing like a dose of humour to diffuse any situation. Except Stupid White Men, far from diffusing, hangs like an albatross of shame around the neck of the American elite.Very much a read-them-and-weep chronology of US-style deceit, conflict-of-interest and lies, the irreverent Stupid White Men addresses politicians, schools, minorities, Palestinians, Zionists and even -bonus!- includes a pop quiz for your politicians.Michael Moore has written a well-researched almanac of the dangers threatening America. Indeed, those who dislike this book, or worse have not read it, are the perfect individuals of which enemies of America would love to see more.Stupid White Men is a great antidote to the flood of mud spewing from the belly of the beast.
Chip Kidd, graphic designer of book jackets and what not has finally decided to write a book of his own.  The book is about a dude going to college in the 1950s and dealing with a zany, ecclectic teacher that is self assured and downright perterbed with society.  He wants things to be more imaginative and sincerely challenges his students to make the best out of his class: Graphic Design.  It's a book about taking what you have and making something out of it.  it's about taking your life and doing something important and leaving behind a legacy that, even if nobody witnesses it, you will be able to feel pride in your own undertakings.There is some egotistic undertones of college savants, but that adds to the enjoyment.  Take this book with a grain of salt because it's not quite salient enough alone, that is unless you view it as a piece of art.  I think Kidd does.  He has made a product with inconsistancies and imperfections.  This is part of the identity of art--not everything that serves a purpose is perfect.  It's about locating our imperfections and accentuating them, perhaps.
The three converging story lines in this highly suspenseful novel compellingly draw the reader from his or her own reality into the depths of the supernatural (or is it vice versa?).  Either way, the suspense is nerve-wracking, as ancient forces collide in modern day Miami.  There is much to be learned, by both the reader and the protagonists, as this book draws to a spectacular conclusion.Here is an important piece of advice that the author neglects to mention: there is a highly useful glossary at the end of the novel...after I discovered it halfway through, I found it invaluable.
I gave this to my mom for Christmas; my DS is 6 months old.  Momma and I both cried as she read it to him.  Truly lovely.  I think a "must-have" in a grandparents' collection.
America's first fairy tale.  I never understood the metaphor in the emerald city until I read the book.  Everything is better with emerald colored glasses.
The author is one of the first to come up with such a wide variety of yummy foods that come under the heading &#34;raw food.&#34;  He makes a strong case for eating raw--for one's own healthy and the health of our world.
If I were to give out stars on how much fun I had reading it, I would give it 5.If I were to give out stars for his addressing urgent social and economic issues that are not being met by the current administration, I'd give it a 5.I'm not overly fond of our current administration, but I don't like "chop jobs" done on people.  (I'd hate to think of what might happen to him if he wrote a work of this kind in countries where there is a REALLY oppressive regime.)  For this I would only give it a 2.But it's worthwhile reading. And who knows?  Maybe some day a third party with some influence may surface!  Whether Michael Moore will lead it remains to be seen.
In 1816 Sarah Killian is shocked to learn her sixteen year old brother William ran away from his school.  She travels to London to find work as a governess and to locate her errant sibling.  She asks her relative Lady Mountheath for temporary shelter, but the odious woman puts her through a ringer before reluctantly accepting her impoverished relative as an employee.  Only luck in terms of accidentally meeting Lord Mountheath keeps her out of the downstairs.Lord Peter Northrup assists Sarah on her way to asking Mountheath for shelter, but encounters her again at a social event.  He likes her instantly though he hides his true self from her and the ton by pretending to be a peacock.  Peter is surprised to learn that the arrest of the traitorous Black Bishop apparently means that the Robin Hood activities of the Saint of Seven Dials are over as the same man did both.  As Sarah and Peter become better acquainted they fall in love and the Saint of Seven Dials still steals from the rich and gives to the poor.  Peter must find the felon, but what will happen if he does unmask the thief who currently is his beloved Sarah trying to keep William from a life of crime?WICKEDLY YOURS is an exciting Regency romance that stars two delightful lead protagonists who readers will appreciate.  Though how Sarah becomes the latest Robin Hood like thief is not adequately explained, her adventures and her fear of her beloved finding the truth make Brenda Hiatt's tale into a fine read.Harriet Klausner
Sharon Creech has a special ability to touch the hearts of young girls.  This is a story in which she uses several writing techniques to tell a poignant and powerful story of one young girl searching for her place in  the world, and coming to terms with her difficult past.  The story is  particularly effective in the use of dual diaries, written by Sophie and  her cousin Cody, which give the reader two revealing perspectives on the  past and the present.  Also delightful was the writing technique of  Sophie's stories - told with a fable-like eloquence - of her 'memories' of  a beloved grandfather.  As an adult, I had serious questions aout the  wisdom of the decisions made by the adults in the book (allowing Sophie to  undertake the cross-Atlantic sail in the first place, not dealing with  Sophie's inability to understand and accept her history)but the story is  one that speaks well to the imagination and spirit of adventure of young  girls.  The Wanderer is an excellent choice for Mother/Daughter groups,  with many opportunities for discussion on the craft of writing, and the  importance of finding one's place in the spectrum of family and the world.
The book, The Forever War, is about a man,William Mandella, who is drafted into a specialbranch of the army. His branch is a group ofspecially picked people who are going to be sentto fight aliens who are thought to threatenEarth. People have discovered things in spacecalled collapsars, which are like wormholes inthe way that they can instantly send anything todifferent parts of the universe if it goesthrough the collapsar. Mandella is among thefirst group sent out to find the Taurens, thealiens, and destroy them in 1996-97. He survivesthe first campaign, but when he gets back home,he realizes that trips through the collapsarsalter time in a way, so he had aged months, whileEarth had aged decades! To find out more aboutMandella and the war, read the book!I really loved this book. It suits my likesperfectly. It is a great sci-fi book and it haslots of action. I could barely put it down! Thereare a lot of bad injuries, curse words, andimplications of sex, so this book would not begood for people under 12 or 13. But other thanthat, it is a book that I think everyone shouldread. The ending of this book was perfect. Hemarried the love of his life and the war ended,so I felt happy once I had finished the book. Ireally got involved with the characters andconnected with them. This is probably the bestsci-fi book I have ever read, and I recommend itto anyone who likes action and sci-fi. FROM FLAMINGNETBOOK REVIEWS.For more preteen and young adult book reviews and recommendations please visit [...]
I've always had strangely conflicting feelings about Lisa Kleypas' work. I think she resorts to eye-rolling melodrama with annoying frequency (OMG, it's yet another kidnapping by yet another cardboard villain who we've barely even heard about before page 315! I wonder if the hero will rescue his vulnerable damsel in distress?!) I also find some of her &#34;heroes&#34; so controlling, domineering, ruthless and malicious that they strike me more as villains, and she tends to feed into the damaging (and, in my case, patently untrue) idea that guys who are actually kind, smart, caring, well-educated and gentlemanly are always too dull for our heroines, 'cause of course deep down we women all want hyper-controlling brutes who act like semi-sociopaths more often than not, and heaven forbid a truly sweet guy also be an attractive and passionate one. :) (Note: I find this alarmingly true of SOME of her heroes, but certainly not all, and in fact a couple of her heroes are all-time favorites of mine!)But, here's the thing: at her best, Lisa Kleypas' work engages and affects me like no other writer in this genre, and very, very few writers not in this genre. There's something so emotionally rich and powerfully evocative about her writing, as if she's mastered the art of appealing to all five of our senses, our heads AND our hearts to a degree that few other writers could ever emulate. She can irk me greatly, but she can also captivate my head, heart and story-worshiping soul. Nearly all of her work ends up either frustrating me to the point where I can barely even finish it OR getting moved to the surprisingly selective 'favorite romances ever' file on my Kindle!I'm thrilled to say that her novella in this collection falls into that latter category. I've read that some feel it was too short, but honestly, I thought Kleypas did a marvelous job of defining the characters and their conflicts quickly and vividly and without just dumping piles of clunky exposition on the reader. I know that different characters and couples resonate very differently with different readers (and the disparity in opinions is what makes this site so much fun), but Lydia was the type of heroine I happen to love most. She emerged immediately as an all-time favorite, in fact! I'm a total sucker for an unabashedly smart, independent, intellectual, endearingly 'different' but not TOO bizarre heroine who's kind and passionate beneath a carefully controlled veneer and a relatable mix of intellectual arrogance and slight social insecurity. Jake, meanwhile, while a bit of a rake who has of course been with a zillion women (it's sad how few HR heroes DON'T meet that criteria!), was extremely likable and compelling to me: a doctor who's intelligent and dedicated but not at all materially ambitious (in fact, he insists on not living off the Cravens' money). He's charming and witty but not at all shallow, he's got a thankful amount of  vulnerability beneath his arrogance, and he's a semi-smartass but not at all mean-spirited, scarily manipulative or 'ruthless' like too many of Kleypas' other heroes. And he is, of course, very emotional, passionate and sexy in all the right ways---at least to this reader. :) In an admittedly short period of time, I actually felt Jake and Lydia's connection---a physical one, certainly, but an emotional one as well, and the latter is always far more important to me. I love when they both talk openly about what they think their deepest flaws were---it was more real closeness and candor than we see from some couples who spend 400 loooong pages together! The fact that they knew each other prior to the start of the novella was a wise move on Kleypas' part and may have made their connection a little richer and more believable to me. The plot isn't exactly revolutionary---Lydia's about to make a respectable, compatible but loveless marriage, and, well, you can guess without my having to use spoiler tags that Lydia and Nice Enough But Not Her Soulmate guy never quite make it to the altar. :) However, I loved that there was a more tight, relatable central conflict and not much room for contrived melodrama or pointless tangents. There are a couple of minor but interesting surprises along the way, and many of Kleypas readers will find the time we get to spend with Lydia's parents, Sara and Derek (from Dreaming of You, one of her most popular novels) is the delectable icing atop this cake. Readers who are rarely satisfied by novellas and short(er) fiction probably won't love this anywhere near as ardently as I did, but if you're someone who enjoys a good novella and Kleypas' writing in general, I highly, highly recommend this one. Not all fellow reviewers loved it, of course, but somehow it just worked for me on every level, and I'll be rereading it...frequently :) 5/5While most of what Lisa Kleypas writes seems to fall into one extreme or the other for me---a work that annoys or even offends me vs. a novella or book that immediately becomes one of my very favorite romances----Julia Quinn is more consistent for me. Even at her best she doesn't captivate and enthrall me to the extent that Kleypas does, but I find most of her stuff reliably enjoyable. Her novella here has some of the great lines, witty insights that readers expect from most of Quinn's work, but this wasn't a favorite of mine. One of the things I generally love most about Quinn is that a majority of her heroes are actually---gasp----decent, goodhearted, eminently likable men. Even when her actual plots are lacking---which, er, they usually are----I usually love most of her characters and fluffy wit too much to care. In this novella, though, I just couldn't muster up affection for Ned. He seemed sort of inconsistently defined and all over the place for me. Charlotte, the heroine, rather clunkily informs the reader that about a million stellar adjectives apply to him: he's dashing and witty and smart and sensible and sexy and a wonderful conversationalist etc etc etc., but we don't really SEE most of that for ourselves. Worse yet, we wonder when and how Charlotte formed those conclusions, since their first real conversation takes place towards the beginning of the story, and it isn't an especially remarkable one. They have a couple of other conversations that barely registered with this reader, and all of a sudden we're supposed to believe that they are VERY close and share a deep trust and connection and totally love each other even though they can't show it quite yet and---Huh?! Did I miss a few chapters?!I'm a novella lover, which means that I'm eager and ready to believe that my fictional couples can develop genuine love and closeness in far fewer pages. In this case, though, it really wasn't executed effectively for me. Neither the H or h or their connection to each other seemed well-defined. The main things they had in common seemed to be slight self-superiority ('if only everyone were as SENSIBLE as they were!' is one lament, though Ned doesn't strike me as especially sensible) and a dislike for poetry. I never saw them get close, let alone fall in anything I'd call even close to love, and hence wasn't impacted when a betrayal of trust arose (and neither character came off too great in this particular conflict, by the way!)Despite my not loving the H, h or buying into their connection with each other, this one did have its individual moments of sweetness and humor---Quinn's work nearly always does, even when we're not 'wow'ed overall! I'll probably reread the lines I highlighted at some point because, yeah, I'm that much a geek, but I doubt I'll ever reread the entire novella. 3/5Even those as bad at math as I am might notice that I've commented on only two novellas despite this anthology containing three. I didn't feel quite right reviewing Kinley Macgregor's since medieval/Middle Age romances are just not my literary cup of tea. The parts I read did seem well-written, though the plot relied on a misunderstanding that I find contrived----our heroine thinking the  love letters she's received are from one man when they're really from our hero. If you do like this type of story, you might want to download a sample and check it out!Overall, I'd give the Kleypas novella an A, the Quinn story a C+/B-, and have to in good faith give McGregor's an 'Incomplete'! If you can find this for a fairly reasonable price, I'd say it's well worth purchasing. The novellas themselves are probably more tightly written that this rambling review ;)
I've read many books on screenwriting and Mckee's is among the best. Some of the reviews here suggest that Mckee's work is self-indulgent and over complicated. I disagree. It is fresh and enlightening. However... the problem I have is that Mckee communicates his opinions with such(and sometimes over bearing) certainty that the novice screenwriter may think his ideas are absolute law. Let's not forget that screenwriting is an art, and like any art it simply cannot be entirely reduced to formula...which McKee tends to do at times. For example, he describes the process of writing a screenplay as first writing down ALL the scenes on index cards, then rewriting those scenes with subtext, then writing a treatment, then finally writing a script, saving dialog until the very end of the process. That all sounds well and good but it doesn't work for me and many other screenwriters (some famous) that I know. I've tried to write 50 scenes on cards before starting the script. After about 20 I'm chopping at the bit to write dialog and description because the ideas are just flowing out of me, to suppress this process and save dialog for the last step is just plain silly, in my opinion. The way the process works for me is to write scenes on cards, then start writing the screenplay,then more scenes and more screenplay with dialog, more scenes, back and forth. It's not strict formula. You have to let the creative process flow, let dialog flow as it comes. So many times I've been stuck just trying to write scenes by themselves and the only thing that unstuck me was to write the damn script and let it grow on its on. So, bottom line, Mckee gives good advice but don't let his advice or formulas get in the way of your own good sense. Write like a mother and observe for yourself how his concepts work for you.
This book was a story that is told all too often.  A young neglected girl's first experience with attention results in her being sexually assualted.  She is not given any support, help and the shame of the incident was placed on her. Her confusion and neglect make her open to being exploited.  I feel enraged at the snotty, jerk-off people who snicker and drool in their reviews about her experience with porn.  Of course, they believe that she LOVED it.  They have to.  Traci's experience with disrespect, sleaze and abuse written about in heart-wrenching detail destroys the fantasy of porn.  I found this book to be very engrossing and enraging at the same time.  The pathetic, sleazy allegations by others that 'she loved every minute' only display their own denial and guilt.
To The Power of Three is an excellent novel by Baltimore native Laura Lippman.  I read this after enjoying another of her novels,What the Dead Know.  I found To The Power of Three to be the more enjoyable of the two.The novel opens with a shooting in an affluent high school's restroom.  Two girls are wounded, one dead.  The motive behind the shooting is unclear as all three girls are intelligent, popular, and best friends.  Lippman takes us inside the girls' friendship and the hierarchy of the school and town, starting in the third grade and interspersing years until she reveals what happened and why.  She incorporates viewpoints of teachers, fellow students, the police detectives, parents, and others in order to move her narrative along.  In someone else's hands, this enormous cast of characters might have turned out unwieldy, but Lippman pulls it off with panache.  As in What The Dead Know, her dialog is first rate and authentic and her sense of place and description are quite remarkable.  I finished this book in a single day simply because I couldn't stop reading it until I got to the end.  This is a first rate novel with well-developed characters and an intriguing plot.  A must read.
This book was amazing! I was hooked from the first paragraph and finished it in one day. After I was finished with it, I lent it out to a few of my friends. I always wondered why Michael Moore was so upset, and after reading this book I know. Of course, as with any book of opinions, he does tend to selectively pick his facts at times (though at least he uses facts, unlike that maniac Ann Coulter...am I the only one who has the urge to give that chain-smoking banshee a smack?)...The bottom line is that this is a great and quick read, that will encourage you to become more aware of the goings on in our nation and form your own opinions. Go Moore, can't wait to see your new film Fahrenheit 911 !
This book would make a great gift for the young person who follows the current popular performers and recording artists.As the introduction says, this is &quot;a balmy book full of heat-seeking images.&quot;  It is dedicated to the proposition that &quot;youth isn't necessarily wasted on the young.&quot;  And I think they succeed.Although I was not familiar with all of the singers, actors actresses, and sports figures photographed here, I found the images to be remarkably appealing.  I was particularly impressed with the photographs by Isabel Snyder who has a great gift for bringing out emotion and unusual perspectives in her work.  Clearly, if you only looked at her work, you would be highly rewarded.  I particularly liked her wet reflective image of Barry Wilson, the seductive Jennifer Shy, the defiant Caspar Van Dien, and the dopey cigarette pose of Ryan Phillippe.Jennifer Love Hewitt is one of the few subjects who appears more than once.  She portrays great diversity between her humorous head shot with a candy on her tongue that reads &quot;you melt on my tongue&quot; by Robert Erdmann and a haunting pout in her other photograph.Unexpected depth showed in Leonardo di Caprio's lounging on a bare mattress in a rundown room with peeling paint by Mark Seliger.You see the seductive side of Britney Spears as captured in two photographs by David La Chapelle.La Chapelle also produced the best two photograph sequence involving Eminem holding a firecracker, both before and after.Classical references worked well, such as when Mark Seliger captured Fiona Apple as Medea.Put-ons abound.  One of my favorites is Ricky Martin in a pool surrounded by nude lovelies facing down, appearing to have swooned for him.  Mark Seliger also comes up with two winners in his two humorous images of the Backstreet Boys.After you finish enjoying these photographs, I suggest that you dig out a camera, grab another person and take turns coming up with your own &quot;youthful&quot; poses.Be young at heart, whatever your age!
The title is exact. Halevi is an extraordinary person: a mystic deeply rooted in his Jewish faith but who can share a common search for peace and religious experience with Christians, the historic persecutors of Jews, and with Muslims, who have now become the "enemy." I know three of the communities of Christians he shared with and the descriptions are accurate so I can assume the Muslim sections are just as fair. Anyone searching for religious and mystic truth that is non-violent but serious about faith and God will love this book.
This is the story of two princesses - Addie and Meryl. Meryl, the older princess, is brave and bold. Meryl's younger sister, Addie can be fearful and timid. Meryl and Addie are best friends, and each other's favorite companions. They spend time playing games with each other. Their favorite game is the Gray Death game. In this game, Addie will pretend to catch the Gray Death, a feared disease that is guaranteed to kill of its victim. Then, Meryl will pretend to search for the cure. In the game, Meryl will find it, and bring it to Addie, who will get well again. Then, Meryl falls ill with the Gray Death, and this time it is not a game. Addie knows she must find the cure to save her sister, but to do so, she must face her greatest fears. I thought this was a beautifully written book that keeps the reader turning the pages, and I also like that this book can be unpredictable at times. This a is great, creatively written story!
Once again Terry Pratchett has delivered a humorous and entertaining plot with equally colorful characters. I love Moist and his escapades!
I read this book in elementary school because I was very interested in Anastasia Romanov and the Russian Revolution.  It was an engaging, touching read, and I loved it!  I still do! I bought it soon after reading, and I have read it dozens of times since then.  It never gets old- just better every time you read it!  I highly recommend this book for 5th graders-adults!  You learn a lot of history while having fun!
Michael Moore will never have to worry about being too subtle, nor should he bother applying for a job as a diplomat or arbitrator.  But therein lies the appeal of his work.  In a society that allegedly decries political correctness, Moore airs his views with a blunt force that can make almost anyone squirm.  And while the Dixie Chicks might see fit to apologize or clarify a single off the cuff remark, Michael is unrepentant regarding the positions taken in his films, writings or commentaries.His true talent lies in his ability to be entertaining while lambasting what he sees as the inequities and injustices of American life today.  Michael is a proud LIBERAL, who saves some of his ire for alleged leftists whose achievements he judges to be more conservative than liberal.  By way of example, some of his best shots are aimed squarely at Bill Clinton, accusing him of being the president that did more to advance the Republican agenda than any of his predecessors.You might not agree with every conclusion that he reaches - I don't - but you have to admire the fact that he can produce a chain of evidence to support his opinions.  Granted that the chain might be a little crooked or that a link or two might be a bit tenuous, but Moore goes to more trouble to research and defend his ideas than various high profile commentators of the Right (like Ann Coulter or William Bennett).  Even his critics provide fodder when he notes that his first film generate ton's of negative mail for showing the killing of a rabbit (for food), but nary a complaint about the scene in which a black man is shot by police - on camera.If you're unsure about whether to read this book, consider Michael's appearance at the Academy Awards.  It's vintage Michael Moore.  If you agree with him, buy the book.  If you don't agree with what he said but were entertained, buy the book.  If his words disturbed you, you might want to just borrow it to browse through.  But if you've already smashed all of your Dixie Chicks cd's, don't even bother!
These books are wonderful! They are more funny than sad.It seems like the story is supposed to have happened a long time ago, but then Lemony Snicket will add high-tech things in the books, such as fast food resturants and movie theaters.The books look old, too, with their ragged pages and old-fashioned covers. The "About the Author" section is always worth a look; sometimes it will start with "Lemony Snicket has been widely known as the children's author that is the most difficult to track down and capture," or "Lemony Snicket published his first book in 1999 and has not had a good sleep since," and so on. The pictures of Lemony Snicket never show his face; he's either close-up and blurry or REALLY far away.These books are one of the best books I've ever read. GET 'EM!
More people should read this book before getting married.  I went into it clueless.  The book debunks what you might think about marriage prior to tying the not.
This is a large, messy post-modern masterpiece. The novel's nearest comparisons are not science fiction (since this is not a SIFI novel or not much of one) but other novels that take a single intellectual point of inquiry and run a universe around that point (e.g., Dellio's Underworld or Pynchon's Mason and Dixon). The advantage Stephenson has over Dellio is that the central idea (how life is one big information system) is more interesting than the one in Underworld and the novel is just plain more fun. This is one of my favorite post-modern novels, and one that I think about often.
I haven't finished this audio book yet, but I am enjoying it very much.It's not exactly about Columbine, but rather how Columbine affected certain individuals and altered their lives.It's a good wide-ranging yarn, and the reader is good.  And it's nice and LONG.
"By a Spider's Thread," Laura Lippman's latest thriller, is about an Orthodox Jewish man whose wife and three children have disappeared. Mark Rubin is a wealthy Baltimore furrier who has been married for ten years to Natalie, a strikingly beautiful woman twelve years his junior. Without warning, Natalie suddenly leaves with the children, a nine-year-old boy and five-year-old twins. A frantic Mark Rubin hires private investigator Tess Monaghan to find his family.Tess starts his investigation with a visit to Natalie's mother, Vera, a coarse individual who is so unfeeling that she offers to sell Tess information rather than provide it free of charge. As Tess digs deeper into the case, she discovers that both Mark and Natalie have shameful secrets that they have gone to great pains to conceal. These secrets hold the key to Natalie's otherwise inexplicable behavior.Laura Lippman is a talented writer, and Tess Monaghan is a delightful protagonist. She is witty, self-effacing, tough, smart, and persistent. The bantering between the religious Jew, Mark Rubin, and the half-Jewish Tess, is stimulating and entertaining. Mark has his own ideas about religion and marriage, and Tess challenges him at every turn. She believes that Rubin is living in a dream world, persisting stubbornly in his belief that Natalie loves him. A subplot about the marriage of Tess's Aunt Kitty to Tyner Gray provides some welcome comic relief. Kitty also prods Tess to reevaluate her shaky relationship with her absent boyfriend, Crow."By a Spider's Thread" is an engrossing and fast-paced mystery with an intricate and involving plot that moves along at a quick pace. One weakness in the book, however, is Natalie. She is supposed to be a tough cookie who has been around the block a few times, but her behavior while she is on the run is too gullible and foolish to be believed. The ending has a couple of incongruities as well, especially when Tess has her back to the wall and doesn't use her head in a crucial situation. However, there are enough strengths in this book to recommend it, and I especially admire Lippman's exploration of the ways that secrets, lies, and self-delusion wreak havoc with people's lives.
Well, I for one really enjoyed Bevarly's wacky humor in this book. (It's my first time reading her work.) The repetitions were intended as humor, and I found them funny. In fact, only the first one, which was used more often, got old. Yes, many of the sentences start with "and," "but," etc. People do not think in complete sentences, and much of what is written is the workings of the minds of one of the characters. I thoroughly enjoyed both romances in this book; the characters were very well developed, and their relationships were emotionally compelling, romantic, and steamy.The suspense could have been equally good, and I thought Bevarly would tie everything together at the end. Unfortunately, she did not. The two romances barely tied together, and the spy plot was left dangling with no resolution. That was bad, very bad. She could so easily have connected the spy plot to Pax's computer business and tied everything together. Alas!So, great on romance, and I thought it was very funny, but the lack of resolution in the spy sub-plot and the failure to tie the two romances together loses some points. Come to think of it, Bevarly doesn't really put the finishing touches on the second roance either. I've set the stars at 4 because the rating could use the boost, but it's really about a 3 to 3.5.
This is such a difference from the Tess Monaghan books.  It is well written and the characters lives and thoughts are really believable.  It is a good study of a community, family, parents and friends in their relationships with each other and how they can affect each other in good and bad ways.
I RECEIVED THE BOOK IN EXCELLENT CONDITION AND IN A TIMELY MANNER. GOOD JOB.T[[ASIN:0195339282 Baseball's Great Experiment: Jackie Robinson and His Legacy]THANK YOU!
I already had one, and my daughter needed one, so I got it for her for her birthday.  She loved it!
One of the best books I've read in a while... sounds cliche but it's true. It's Witty, Warm, you really get to know each of the characters.The writing is excellent, a real page-turner. Trust me, you'll have a very hard time putting this book down. Samantha and Meg pull you in right from the first page.I can relate to Sam with the problems she goes through (except the part about saving the president and becoming suddenly famous of course lol). She sounds like someone ALOT of girls (and guys) would want to hang with or have as their sibling.I think the ALA Booklist quote fits here:"Absurdly far-fetched? Absolutely, but that's exactly why this is so much fun." - Suspending disbelief is easy when (I sound redundant I know) the author weaves the tale so wonderuflly. I never wanted this book to stop... and now I'm going right to the bookstore (soon as the weather clears up) and picking up the sequel.*Two Thumbs WAAAAAY up Miss Cabot! I only hope the movie does justice to your work :)*This sounded better in my head lol, but oh well :-p
I really having nothing more to add to the more intelligent review here, except to say: Quit classifying this book as cyberpunk!! It is a historical treasure hunt, and it's nothing like Snow Crash or The Diamond Age. Many people have complained about the ending of Cryptonomicon. I didn't think it was that bad. The past and present storylines converged and the adventure was completed, albeit with some loose ends. You want a bad ending, read The Diamond Age...a brilliant work, hamstrung by the last chapter.Now, while I really liked Cryptonomicon it is by no means perfect. It doesn't appeal to a mass audience (is this bad?) and only geeks, engineers, and frequent readers of slashdot.org who are WW II buffs will truly appreciate it. I could have been trimmed by a couple hundred pages and been just as effective. I have no plans (at this point) to read the Baroque Cycle (prequel).Time for a bowl of Cap'N Crunch...
Jamie Lee Curtis (actress, author and mom) and Laura Cornell (illustrator) let their imaginations run wild as they explore the possibilities (Are  there balloon cities?  Balloons in space?)The humor is gentle and a  touch sly (adults will recognize such in-jokes like a nervous balloon  waiting near the Bates Motel from the movie PSYCHO - a nod to Ms Curtis's  mom, Janet Leigh, who was in the film.)This is the fourth book from this  creative duo and is probably my favorate so far!  A must for the  inquisitive child, it also includes cool reusable stickers  with a little  play area in the back of the book.
Forget about low carb or no carb. So difficult to maintain, and really not a realistic way to live. Barry Sears incorporates his balanced diet with information on herbs, exercise and hormonal considerations.The book is worthwhile for two sections; the appendix has a seven day diet for women and for men, including menus and recipes. And there is a prescription for staying in the "Zone" in exercise including how much cardio and how intense, and how much strength-training exercise to do. (20 minutes brks walking every day, 5-10 minutes of pushups, squats or weights every day.) As you progress you can add 45 mintues weights, 20 minutes flexibility (yoga, for example.)The section on diabetes and aging of the brain is great, and there is a section on "Cheap Insurance" or what vitamin supplements are valuable for anyone.Great book that seems to weather the fads of diet and health advice.
Diana Wynne Jones has written many books for children, young adults, and adults.  Her output is a little uneven though she has not published any poor books.  This is definitely one of her better books, though not as good as The Spellcoats or Dogsbody.  A magical fantasy incorporating elements of Romeo and Juliet.  Good characterization and a clever plot with moments of real emotional intensity.  A good book for the late grade school to early teen years.
I am a big fan of Stephanie Laurens' but this book was just OK. The political talk and positioning got boring after a while but what I really objected to was the lame reason that was given for the fact that the main character was a virgin widow (her first husband, much older, decided that he could never satisfy her so he didn't make the attempt - even though he kept a mistress on the side!). Why did Laurens make her a virgin? If she felt she had to, then why not make up a better excuse (e.g. he wanted to keep her perfect with the rest of the antiques in his town house, or he was physically incapable at his age, or he had a STD and didn't want to taint her).She therefore doesn't think she has sex appeal but this issue is only alluded to but never really hashed out. It would have been better if the hero had reassured her verbally instead of just being randy all the time.It's not a bad book, better than most other regency romances out there but not Stephanie Laurens' best effort.
Kate Chandler cuts the "Seven Sins". Her half brother Lee Mandell, is suppose to deliver them in Florida. But he never shows up. Authorities beleive that him and his buxom girlfriend, pawn the sapphires and leaves the country. But there is one problem. Lee Mandell is gay. He's engaged to be married to Norm.Kate knows something terrible has happened to Lee. So when they close the case, she won't let it lie.At a gem show she sees one of the sapphires. She is able to switch a fake in it's place, to check it out. In the process of replacing the real stone for the fake. She is caught, by FBI agent Sam Groves. Kate gives him an alias.Sam does some investigating to find out that she has lied to him. He goes to see her. Confronts her.In the meantime, couriers and gem brokers have either been robbed or killed.Sam and Kate work together to find Lee's killer and the theif of the "Seven Sins".
I am not reading this book because of Oprah, but because I loved She's Come Undone so much. I'm on page222 right now, and I can't put it down. This book draws you right into the storyline, and I can't put it downGiggleMel@aol.com-*Melody*
A coal mining town is the central setting with many families highlighted. Personalities are well developed. The novel covers several generations of people. The personal heartache of each character is clear and well defined.  I recommend highly this book!
Slowly, savour it. Listen to Vetinari's silences, the voices of unsent letters or the whispers along the clacks. Follow Moist Von Lipvig and take the postman's walk. Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy
I cannot praise this book enough. It was an absolute enjoyable read.However, it is not for the faint of heart. There are situations that make you cringe and quite a bit of profanity and sexual reference. If you cannot talk about masturbation or swear in your classroom (in a professional way), I do not recommend it.It is great to have in any library!This is a fantastic read!
What a great book for the &#34;film noire&#34; buff. I've seen the author onTCM and I have his other book on the same subject.
I thought that the Wizard of Oz was a totlly awsome book.very interesting. I was very surprised that it had alot of deaath and other things like that in it. But, the book was nothing like the movie. The mmmovie talks about  Toto the dog getting lost, but in the book Toto stays with Dorthy the whole  time. My favorite paart inthe Wizard of Oz book, was when the characters go  talk to the Wizard one by one and the Wizaaard was always a different thing  every time. Dorthy asked the Wizard to go back to Kasas and he said to her  that she had toget ride of the Wicked Witch of the East. Then the lion goes  in and he has to hellp and then the rest of the things go in and they all  have to help them all had to help Dorthy. They had to do alot but they  finlly all go back and say that they wanted what they asked for and he  helped them all. But to find out if Dorthy goes back to Kansas, read  thhis  book. the only thing that iI  didn't like about this book was that they  shouldn't have put the lion in it. A lot of aadults and kids should read  thhis book, they would love it like I did. So that is why I think you guys  should read the wizard of Oz.  THE END
This was just one of many wonderful stories written by Beverly.  But what was so different about this story was the female was the "wild seed" and the fella was stable and settled with two little adorable twin neices in his care.  He didn't quite know what to make of Loreli but he did know that his neices loved her immediately.It only took me a day and 1/2 to finish this because I just had to see what would happen next.  Keep up the fantastic work Beverly...
Mick Foley has done a brilliant job of documenting his life story with flourishes of humor and human emotion that will touch and inspire readers of all walks of life.For my entire life I've watched professional wrestling and am now involved as a ring announcer and commentator. I was never a big Mick Foley fan, though I've always respected his ability. Now, I have been converted."Have A Nice Day" is hard to categorize. It isn't fair to classify this as a wrestling book. It's so much more.This is the perfect read for anyone that needs some inspiration or motivation. Foley was turned down by the WWF more times then Elizabeth Taylor has husbands, yet he now holds the distinction of being a two time WWF heavyweight champion.In fact, Mick Foley may become the only individual to wear the WWF crown under two separate names. He won the WWF title as Mankind and will soon challenge for it again under the moniker he started his career under, Cactus Jack.The versatility of "Have A Nice Day" will keep you mesmerized until you finish it. one could consider it a buffet that spans an entire football field - you're certain to find more then enough to fill you up.With the enormous popularity of professional wrestling today it seems that any professional wrestler could write a book and that would sell. Even Al Snow (read "Have A Nice Day", and you'll understand that!).This book doesn't need professional wrestling's big push. "Have A Nice Day" and its' author, Mick Foley aka Dude Love aka Mankind aka Cactus Jack, stand on their own.Sstop reading these reviews. Order the book
I bought this for my son to read at school.  They needed a book to have to read when they got all their other work done, and he enjoys books about sports so I though he would like this one.  He said he did enjoy it.
Getting ready to start my 3 year old in preschool and I love the message behind this book.  He will also enjoy the message and the cute illustrations.
I first read this when I was in middle school, but thought of it recently and found it as an ebook. I love this book, just like I did in middle school.
I just finished this book, and Cliff Robertson is actually a very minor character. In fact, the subject of him being "blackballed" is barely mentioned. (It receives one paragraph in the Epilogue.) Robertson was the first person to suspect something was amiss at Columbia, but the book is actually about the power struggle between the President of Columbia, Alan Hirschfield, and the controlling interests of the shareholders, led primarily by Herbert Allen Jr. This is a long book, but it was so riveting that I found it difficult to put down. It is really well written, even if it does not paint any of the characters in a terribly sympathetic light. I can't help but think that if Hirschfield had shown more backbone in the beginning and stuck by his decision to fire the check-forger Begelman instead of caving in to Allen's demands, none of this epic battle would have happened.
This is not really science fiction:  it is an essay on the art of war in the eternal struggle to survive.  Even Haldeman was never able to improve on this perfect indictment against the struggle of man against man, life against life, and the living against the dead.
This was a great book. I was completely astonished by the beauty of the illustrations and the descriptive nature of the text. I personally find the original title the  best, but this one is up to par.
The most interesting thing about Cryptonomicon is the way the author has written a book which takes place simultaneously in the past and present.  Characters from the 1940's sections of the book (or their offspring) are characters in the 1990's section of the book.  Things you learn in the &quot;past&quot; affect your understanding of the &quot;present&quot; and vice versa.  I have never read a book which does this so effectively.Although the book got off to a slow start (in my opinion), it soon becomes more interesting as the different sections begin to weave themselves together.  It is over 900 pages, so plan to spend quite a long time reading this.If you have a mild interest in WWII, cryptography, computers, the internet, or the phillipines, then this may be the book for you.The central question of this book: will Amy and Randy get together?  Actually that's not it - but it's fun to think about as you read.
This was a very long book that went in a few different directions.  However, it was very engaging at all points.  Some was very riveting.  Very real.
I love the story of Oz. I hope to collect all of the books. Great book for children and adult fans of Oz.
Written as a screen play, Monster is a unique look at a youth's loss of innocence and the justice system all in one. Steve Harmon, the protagonist, is on trial for his part in the murder of a convenient store owner. Although he is involved in the case, the reader is not sure to what extent he was a part of the crime, as there are other suspects.The other main suspect on trial is James King. Unlike Steve, King is lacking youth and innocence. Steve's active interest in filmography gives him the idea to tell this story as though it is a movie. As he goes through the court proceedings, we learn bits and pieces of the case as told through Steve's perspective. There are a series of flashbacks in which scenes from the events leading up to the crime are shown.We get to hear the entire trial as it progresses, the opening statements, the evidence, the witnesses for both sides, and the closing arguments. Steve's search for identity while incarcerated is the constant theme of the book, and Myers does an excellent job taking us through a series of character point-of-views and scenes that are pivotal to the case through Steve's eyes.Perhaps Steve Harmon's journey is such a difficult one because we get the sense that his lawyer has some doubt about his innocence. The significance of the title, Monster, is apparent in how people sometimes prejudge a person without knowing what they are really about. This is an excellent book for anyone who wants to read about the delimmas of court proceedings, and a minor's search for himself. This is a great book, especially for young adults.
I loved the book for granting a reader the real behind-the-scenes look at how the 1986 Mets were assembled, how they managed to execute so well for one season, and how it could never last.  Really, the epilogue is almost unnecessary since Met fans and most baseball diehards know how it played out in the subsequent years.  The beauty and quality of the book is in the background material: it explains what the beat writers have always know, what real insiders just assume as common knowledge amongst themselves, and confirms some of the best and worst suspicions I've always had about the players and management.See, I loved watching Gooden pitch, I tried to emulate that easy motion as much as I could, but I never had the talent, not even close.  I knew something was wrong in 1986 but hey, they won it all... but in 1987, it could no longer be ignored.  His waste of talent, the mismanagement of his ability, all there to be seen as early as 1986, 1987.  There was enough time to rectify the situations, really, but the sad truth is all too common: many of us lack the kind of courage and will to overcome our problems, much less face them.As sad as Gooden's decline was, Staweberry's was irrevocably tinged with meanness that almost made it a just outcome.  Still, talent wasted is common and always tragic.What I liked most about the book, then, was the confirmations of my opinions about most the crew that I'd considered, and the revelations I did not.  For example, I always admired Keith Hernandez and the book gave him additional depth of character that made him my favorite Met again (Sorry Edgardo Alfonzo).  For another example, that Gary Carter was really all about himself was a bit of a surprise to me, because he played a selfless position on-field.  I could see it, I admit its truth, but it's still a bit of a dichotomy.In all, a terrific book and a quick read.  I withheld the fifth star because clearly, the author dislikes Strawberry intensely and it showed in the depictions.  True or not, I could see the author's contempt and while I agree with it, I tried to view and evaluate the book as a historian might, so I put the ding there.This is the kind of sports writing I would love to see published daily/ weekly.  It's too bad you can only read about what really happened in 1986 in 2007, when enough time has passed to expire the statute of limitations on any kind of material consequence.-C
Judith Ryan Hendricks has scored high marks once again with ISABEL'S DAUGHTER.  I loved BREAD ALONE and finished it, coincidentally, the day ISABEL'S DAUGHTER was released.  While wandering through the bookstore with my son on his birthday I was delighted to find her second novel.  Yes, it took me four months to get to it because of all the other unread books on my shelves, but it was worth the wait.  The story is interesting and beautifully written.  Ms. Hendricks' enchanting style pulls you into the story and, in this case, into New Mexico, a state that is already magical to me.  Avery James, the discarded orphan, is far from perfect, but she has good reason to live a life that is disconcerting.  There are many mysteries in her life which she works to unravel, leaving the orphanage and traveling south into the art world of New Mexico.  For those of you who already love the Southwest, this will bring it home to you in a nostalgic and romantic way.  For those of you who have never visited or lived there, you'll want to change that as soon as possible!Judith Ryan Hendricks is on my list to watch out for all future novels.  She has a gift and here's one reader who hopes she uses it often and well.
What happens when an author takes on interstellar war without completely ignoring or circumventing time-dilation effects caused by FTL travel? Haldeman takes on the task and pens an intriguing first-person narrative that accounts for the subjective passage of time and the cost of doing business at relativistic speeds. The Forever War is a political commentary on war, a love story, and an essay on the human condition wrapped masterfully in an epic military romp through time and space. Highly recommended.
This book is a must read for all children and parents.  I would recommend this book to schools as required reading.
Despite what some other reviewers are saying, I think this is a wonderful novel. Anna Maxted has written a perfect 2nd novel, in my opinion. I find the character of Natalie to be sensitive and caring. I did not find her to be selfish and unlikable at all - I think the motives for her actions came from a sense of deep caring for her friends and family and the need to fit in with them. Her way of expressing herself came from frustration as a result of her illness. I don't believe that her actions were meant to hurt others, but more to protect herself. I think the character is very well developed throughout the book and the constant change in Natalie's character is very subtle. The other characters in the book were also engaging, particularly her mother. The author has created a beautifully crafted novel that kept me engrossed throughout. This is NOT &quot;Getting Over It Part 2&quot;, but if you appreciate it for what it is, you will enjoy this book tremendously.
This short version of The Wizard of Oz is entertaining and provides an interesting adventure that is different from the Wizard of Oz movie. The characters are the same as in the movie but the motivations and actions are different and in their own way more entertaining than the movie. It is a good introduction to the Wizard of Oz books.
Long before the USA took that horrendous terrorist attack of September 11, 2011, 1988 in fact, Doris Lessing, who died at 92 this Fall, gave us in only 78 pages a series of essays which are profoundly apt for our time and for the future.We were badly polarized when she wrote this book and matters have deteriorated badly since then.As America has bungled its way through its longest war in its history, we know that compared to the 100 years war and the 30 years war and the war of the roses, we still have not set a record. However,her descriptions of how disagreements are dealt with not only in times of war, but in our dealings with every day conflicts, show us that humans have basically behaved badly or irrationally since time immemorial.It is so easy to start a conflict, initiate a life long grudge, or make an enemy. Correctly she notes that hostility is a trait well curried and lying close to the surface of human behavior. We like wars and the surge of power felt when we can get into them.Oh, of course, now we bemoan such actions, but her book is rife with examples of how people can easy adopt beastly hostile behavior, especially in times of war or social conflict, behavior which later may be thought impossible by the very folks who enthusiastically behaved badly in those situations.There's lots of talk about love, but the obverse is our built in genetic tendency to hate and act on that hate with various forms of violence, some of which is not physical, but psychological.She points out that our researches into human behavior have long disclosed the above facts, but that the more enlightened societies, such as the US and other governments have not yet decided to incorporate such vital knowledge to foster better behavior from our government.Lessing was in 1988 optimistic that a hundred or two hundred years from now, such learning  might be commonly put to practical use in better governance and in general human relations, but many of us who are most concerned about the speed of population growth and environmental decline wonder if we will can avoid an apocalypse before such rational and sensible human behavioral improvements can be introduced.And don't forget, we consider ourselves enlightened and yet as the world's then acknowledged super power the USA started this seemingly endless war by treating Osama's terrorists as a War instead of a criminal act of terrorism.By invading Afghanistan and Iraq in the Middle East and sustaining our troops there, we set a new standard for stupid behavior, but our record of aggression has not proved strategically brilliant.After being involved in the Cold War which started after WWII, we lead  the overthrow of a democratically elected government in Iran, headed the Korean "Police Action" and conducted the Vietnam War to defend a corrupt regime in South Vietnam which posed no threat to us. Our empire building credentials are indeed impressive.  And I bet if Lessing were to comment she would deem this behavior as both financially and morally disastrous.
There is no book as beloved than The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L Frank Baum.  This version is the classic book everyone should read.
I'm not the biggest metalhead out there...that '80's &quot;hair band&quot; scene really didn't do much for me, though I do own 2 Crue CD's.  But the great thing about this book is that you don't have to appreciate Motley Crue's music (or anyone else's, really) to be completely blown away by the full frontal assault on the senses that these guys have felt the need to relay our way.&gt;It is an amazing look at the runaway train that was arguably the best heavy metal band of the 1980's.  The successes, the excesses, and the incalculable Faustian prices paid by each bandmate for them.  At times hilarious, shocking, and heartbreaking, the Crue come off as more than the mindless hedonists they were always (if not completely inaccurately) portrayed as being on MTV and the various music publications of yore; they allow their personalities to flow off the pages and as a result you start to see their respective individual characteristics and wonder how they were able to play together for so long without killing each other, if not themselves.&gt;In short, if you enjoyed the Led Zeppelin biography &quot;Hammer of the Gods&quot;, this one will take the shock factor up a notch or two...I read most of it on a plane flight from Atlanta to Salt Lake City and back...it's a total page-turner, and a monument to what heavy metal music is, was, and will always be about.
Gloria Houston tells the true story of one of her personal heroes, Dorothy Thomas. Dorothy wanted to be a librarian in a big brick library, but instead her husband wanted to live in the country where there was no library. So Dorothy created a bookmobile that traveled from place to place and brought books to people who had no books.Each paragraph is like a small poem. Each illustration is like a small poem. A beautiful little story of service."If her readers could not cometo the bookmobile,Miss Dorothy took books to them.When elderly Mrs. Maumeyhad read all her books,she hung her husband'sred flannel drawerson the line,and Miss Dorothy climbed the hillwith more books to sharewith her reading friend."
`Pressure Perfect' by Lorna Sass, the author of two other pressure cooker (PC) cookbooks among 12 books which feature vegan and vegetarian specialities, is a general manual on how to apply the pressure cooker to a wide variety of `applications' as my Food Network hero, Alton Brown would put it. Now that I think of it, I don't recall Alton's doing a pressure cooker episode on his `Good Eats' show, which confirms my suspicion that the pressure cooker has not entirely recovered from its doldrums. This initial impression is reinforced by the fact that I have seen no reviews of pressure cookers lately in either `Consumer Reports' or `Cooks Illustrated'.I thought to review this book when I noticed contestants on the `Iron Chef' (Japanese) and `Iron Chef America' show used a `PC' for selected dishes. Since they have a premium on preparing dishes that taste good, this gave me reason to think this old war-horse from the early 1950's may have overcome its drawbacks. This is especially true since there are now several newer models with features that correct a lot of the safety concerns the older models had. And, in reviewing a book on the microwave oven from Barbara Kafka, I was at least partially reassured that this gadget had its value in the average amateur kitchen.The pressure cooker belongs to that class of potentially useful, but not totally necessary utensils, which includes the microwave oven, the food processor, and the slow cooker. There is probably not one dish you can make which requires any of these gadgets (unlike a grill, which is necessary to do certain types of fast seared food). All offer opportunities to do the same job in less time than your conventional braising pot, knife and chopping block, and casserole. The problem is that each one comes with a drawback, although I would be hard pressed to find any complication introduced by the slow cooker aside from the extra space it requires in your kitchen cabinet.I believe the `PC' involves several drawbacks, some of which it has in common with the microwave. Both suffer from the fact that if a recipe involves any mid-recipe stirring adding, of fiddling of any sort, opening up the gadget and getting at the food is a nuisance. And, I suspect the nuisance level is a lot higher with the pressure cooker, as it requires one to bring the pressure down to ambient by a method which is either slow or hazardous. Another problem for many cooks is the fact that the pressure cooker is relatively heavy and bulky. I'm constantly surprised at how many people find things like an 8-quart Le Creuset casserole far to heavy for practical work.While this book did little to answer these problems, it actually introduced some to me of which I was unaware. The first is that to use it effectively, you really should have one rated at 6 quarts or more. This exacerbates the problem of weight. The second is that cooking things which foam up such as beans and other starches means you must cook at a lower fill level to avoid clogging the pressure release vent. Another surprise is that pressure cooking techniques don't work as well on electric range elements as they do on gas, due to the long time it takes for electric `burners' to drop in temperature.Aside from all these considerations, pressure cooking shares with microwaving the problem that you often can't brown food with the pressure cooker, and if you do before turning on the pressure, much of the advantage obtained by browning is dissipated.This book also did not allay my biggest fear about pressure-cooking. Pressure cooking works by cooking in water at temperatures above the limit of 212 degrees F, leading to being done cooking faster, without the adverse effects of cooking in oil. The additional premise is that this technique works especially well with inexpensive cuts of meat, the kind one would usually cook with a braise or even a slow cooker. The problem with the pressure cooker premise here is that while the high temperature will cook to safe doneness faster, it may actually dry meat out. This is the great paradox of long cooking in liquid. It is also why most conventional cooking methods work at a relatively low temperature, so that the gelatin and fat in the meat doesn't cook out entirely.Now I'm quite well aware of the fact that what I have just reviewed is more the method of Pressure Cooking than Ms. Sass' good book on the subject, but the issue of pressure cooking is exactly the reason for buying or not buying this particular book.If you are a long time pressure cooker practitioner, I can recommend this book, primarily based on the fact that it covers virtually every different kind of technique to which the gadget could possibly be applied. I also compared the book's recipes for making winter squash soup and risotto to my favorites, and found the cooking time is dramatically reduced, especially in the time required to cook the squash. On the other hand, you get no opportunity to add flavor to soup by roasting things like squash or tomatoes.The book is nicely organized with lots of variations to recipes; however, I would have preferred that such important dish as `chili' be made a main recipe. I'm also skeptical when I see a puttanesca PC recipe, since all the best puttanesca sauce recipes are done within 15 minutes anyway.My main reservation for newbies to pressure-cooking is that the book contains no pictures of the various models, illustrating the different types of seals and pressure release gadgets. If you are not a long time pressure cooker jockey, but you like to experiment with cooking methods, the book may be an excellent addition for quickly cooking dense or otherwise slow cooking stuff such as potatoes, beets, celeriac, beans, or sweet potatoes.
When I feel as if I am awash in a sea of blind partisan bickering, one where nothing ever gets accomplished and everyone shifts the blame, I pick up this book.  It is both enfuriating and a relief to see that someone out there is challenging the nauseating status-quo, attacking BOTH Republicans and Democrats and showing that he embodies the true definition of Patriot--one who goes beyond putting a flag sticker on his car and instead learns about his country and challenges it in order to make it better.
This book was a very smart read and that perhaps was the best part of this - the storyline and concept were great and the fact that it wasn't a fairytale type of romance really worked and set things off to a nice pace.The lead characters were smart, conflicted, complex and they thought right along with the reader on their journey. It was realistic and didn't take the reader for a fool. It's a great story and I would suggest it to anyone.
I have not read a book this clever, mystifying and entertaining since "The Name of the Rose". Neal Stephenson is the American Umberto Eco, maybe even more knowledgeable and talented than the Italian master story teller himself.Never in my life have I read a book where I didn't skip a few words or skim through a few paragraphs, until now. I immersed myself into every single word and punctuation mark of the 1000+ pages, because I did not want to miss out on any of the author's clever wordplays or ingenious plots that unfolded within the story. And what a story it is...Neal Stephenson rates as my top 5 favorite writers of all time.This book is absolutely incredible, and if you don't read it, then you are missing out on the very essence of life itself.
This is the greatest book ever written.  It broke down the fourth wall and was 50 years over due!Thank god for Foley!This novel was good that it inspired me to write my own.ALL PRAISE TO MICK!
Each time I re- read this book I get a clearer sense of the level of genius possessed by Mr Stephenson.  His characters may write themselves and some of the action scenes could make it into blockbuster movies but the level of sophistication of each of the characters renders too many superlatives trite.  I frequently recommend his books to friends - but only the kind of friend you care about and trust enough to tell something REALLY cool to.  So pick it up & if you think this is good then the world of the Baroque Cycle becomes your oyster.  Enjoy
i love this book these ladies truely left me wanting more and more, you will not be disappointed to read this book.
I love Romance novels and this Book is right up there with the Best. This is the first time I have felt compelled to write a review. JL's work is great and orginal. The Sex scenes sizzling. Great Book.
Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon is everything but science fiction, but it somehow has a science fiction feel to it.  Perhaps this is because Stephenson constantly alternates narrative between the past (WWII) and the present - also the fact that the story focuses on the nature of information technology and how information can impact human lives and world events over time and distance.  The cryptography in this book alone is enough to blow your mind - add to that a layed back, ultra cool marine in WW2, an absent minded pipe organ player, a computer programmer with an unusual family, and one of the coolest treasure hunting chicks ever conceived.  At times, this story does give you the head-spins due to an &quot;all over the place&quot; storyline, but still it gets five stars for sheer magnitude...
Peggy Noonan's decision to write a book about Hillary Clinton was inspired.  Noonan is a gifted writer and uniquely qualified to judge Hillary as a lifetime New Yorker.  Noonan's analysis was top notch.  Why  does Hillary get away with blanket statements like &quot;vast right wing  conspiracy&quot; to explain the presidents lies?  How could Mrs. Clinton  have believed Bill's public lie about Monica Lewinksy after Gennifer  Flowers, Paula Jones, Juanita Broderick and a hosts of others?Much of  the book is a psychoanalysis of the Clintons and their need to be loved and  hold power.  It was very much like her analysis of Reagan, in a previous  book, in which she analyzed him as an adult child of an alcoholic.  I agree  with the pscho-analysis of Hillary, but Noonan many times relies on unnamed  friends of the Clinton's as source material.  While I have no reason to  disbelieve these quotes, I kept wondering who these friends were that would  talk to Peggy, but remain friends of the Clintons.The speech written  (dreamt) by Noonan in which Hillary talks tough to Hollywood moguls was  brilliant in pointing out the first lady's lack of concern over real issues  and their solutions, but the book may have been stronger without the  distraction of such a device on the heals of Edmund Morris' semi-fictional  biography of Reagan.  Though, this was probably the best way for a  speech-writer (Noonan) to describe the flaws of an opposition candidate.  All in all a good look at why Mrs. Clinton should find an early retirement.
I&#8217;m a big Hillerman fan. I read this book to help get over the sadness of finishing all the Leaphorn and Chee mysteries. The parts of Hillerman's memoir I enjoyed most were his memories of a happy childhood in poverty in Oklahoma and his war years.As a mortar gunner in the infantry in World War II, Hillerman emerges as an incredibly amiable guy with a great sense of humor, not obviously heroic, but with such integrity and willingness to do his job, that he follows his orders bravely. He accepts his war wounds cheerfully, as he seems to accept every reversal. The only thing that gets him down is the long wait to find the woman of his dreams. And then he becomes such an enthusiastic and grateful husband, that you really have to love him.I also especially liked his descriptions of his early jobs as a newspaper reporter. Hillerman paints a lively picture of the whole crazy world of the newsroom before computers.Readers who want to know how writers get their ideas will enjoy the section in which Hillerman describes the inspiration of each of his book. Reading this you can sense his generosity of spirit. Despite being one of America's greatest mystery writers, he doesn't make a mystery of who he is or how he thinks.It was a real pleasure getting to know Hillerman. The essential goodness of Leaphorn and Chee comes directly from the personality of their author. The Navajo worldview is not very different from Hillerman's.
This book has three very engaging stories. But what struck me is how well-crafted the characters and plot both were. I'm generally someone who reads in small doses but I would often read this in long stretches without putting it down.
Bakerton is a small Pennsylvania coal mining town.  During WWII, and the days shortly after, coal is still in full swing, which is good news for the Novak family.  Mr. Novak works in the mines, until he suddenly passes away, leaving his wife and children to deal with the effects of a changing world in a small town.  Over the next twenty plus years, the family deals with health issues, bad marriages, births, deaths, and heartbreaks.I was absolutely fascinated by this book.  As someone living in a small town in Pennsylvania where coal mining is still a major industry, a lot of this book hit close to home; I could have been reading a story about the history of my own town.  I was fascinated to read about the evolution of all the characters, but especially the members of the Novak family.  I felt like these characters were all so vivid, I actually could see them in my mind.  I particularly thought the female characters were incredibly strong and fascinating.Because the story covers over twenty years of this family's story, the book moved at a quick pace.  It made me stay glued to the story.  It was fascinating to watch this town, and the people in it, develop and grown in an attempt to deal with the rapidly changing world in the post war years.  I will admit, portions of the book were a little bleak, but I imagine that is pretty accurate to how life in a coal town would be during those times.I think the book in beautiful and engaging, and there is something a little haunting about the author's style.  I look forward to reading more from this author.  I think the book will appeal to fans of historical fiction, particularly post WWII stories, as well as stories about small town life.I received a review copy courtesy of TLC Book Tours, in exchange for my honest review.
The alliance between the psychiatric and legal establishments is a dangerous one that may pose a threat to the civil liberties of everyone in society. The author alleges that much of the standard psychiatric testimony is incoherent and that many of the so-called "experts" are not competent.R.D. Laing has said: "Doctors in all ages have made fortunes by killing their patients by means of their cures. The difference in psychiatry is that it is the death of the soul." The growing number of victims of psychiatric torture have formed several organizations that provide assistance and solidarity.It is important to realize that this situation can be changed, that it is not "for anyone's good" to be so treated.If YOU are a survivor of such experiences, then please believe that you are not alone and there is help available.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and rated it as a 4.  I would have rated it 4 1/2 if I could. It needed just a little extra to push it up to a 5.Anthony Morehouse is drunk and doesn't understand what was offered in lieu of money in the card game.When he finds out what he now owns, he changes his tactics to win the editor in charge.I am a fan of Candice Hern and have read most of her books.
This was the first novel i read by Pratchett, i seem to have unearthed a great series of books and I'm looking forward to more from this hilarious and brilliant writer. I'm reading 'Making Money' now and will be going for 'Thud' next.
I don't care for Motely Crue's music, never have.  I considered myself to be too intellectual and well breed for their low IQ/high RMP method to take them to the highest of highs and the lowest of lows.  But this is one absolute, insanely good time.  You will roar with laughter, turn away in disgust, gasp in horror, and shake your head.  How could these four have lived the lives they have?  Because they could.Want to know little tidbits about other bands from that same era who looked and sounded similar?  Want to know how many women Vince Neil slept with before he put on all that weight?  Want to hear all about Mick Mars and his crippling bone disease, Nikki Sixx and his overdose, Tommy's marriages and tabloid terrors?  It's all here!  One doesn't have to guess with other rock biographies if what they are telling you is really true when they are telling their anecdotes, because no one in their right mind would make this up!  Probably because this was written by men, when most rock biographies are women telling tales about who and how many they slept with, leaving that double standard gap of "Gee whiz, is this true?".  They were the ones who invited debautchery in.This is not a great literary work, and if you consider yourself smarter than them (which believe me, is not hard to achieve), don't let anyone catch you reading it.  Their goal was to write a page turner, entertain, and turn a profit.  So have fun with it right along with them.Older and wiser?  Maybe.  Now that 20 years have passed and nostalgia has set in, they're enjoying a sort of second chance.  Wonder what their children will say or do to rebel against them?  Maybe they should become strait A students in the math club.  But hey, as far as rock and roll excess goes, it literally doesn't get much better than this.
A.J. is a kid like you, and he hates school.But he's got a librarian who thinks that she's different book characters!The third book to the series, this is quite entertaining! When A.J. and Co. get a new librarian, Andrea thinks she has some sort of split personality. Because who runs around school with a George Washington costume on?! It's an epic showdown between Mrs. Ropy and A.J. to get him to enjoy reading. Will he ever learn to love reading? Maybe the gang will get proof that mrs. Roopy is all the characters popping up around school and get her DNA. But it won't be easy! Elementary school kids will love A.J. 'S weird adventures around school!Nar&eacute;e Asherian, 12
Joyce Carol Oates is undoubtedly one of the most prolific writers in the canons of Western and American belles-lettres. Her novels, short stories, poems, plays, literary articles, scholarly pieces and nonfiction essays are lofty contributions to the worlds of literature and popular culture.The breadth and scope of her work is astounding. To read Joyce Carol Oates is to read a commentary on society and to look at the conscience of the world, through the eyes of those who create and inhabit it. Through her writing she ennobles the art of fiction, the splendor of poetry, the exhilaration of theater, while at the same time, she brings a heightened level of insight and fullness to her nonfiction.Oates's newest novel, I'LL TAKE YOU THERE, is set in upstate New York, familiar terrain for her fiction. The story centers on Anellia (not her real name), the first person narrator, who longs to escape her sad and tawdry home life. After her mother dies and her father leaves, she is abandoned to her overly stern grandparents. She is miserable, sheltered, and despite her great intellect, is ignorant of the everyday "games people play" to get along and to get what they want. She has grown up knowing only that she is blamed for her mother's death, which has made her the target of hatred and cruelty at the hands of her brothers and grandmother. She carries these scars valiantly, but doesn't understand their impact on her personality.When she speaks of herself she describes a wraithlike figure, shivering with cold even in the brightest sunshine. As a little girl she learned to live in her head and shape herself into a chameleon-like character --- she adopts roles she thinks will make people accept her. She is an eccentric youngster who often fantasizes about not being part of the real world, of living a life of the mind. Nevertheless, despite these idiosyncrasies, she manages to win a New York State Regents scholarship to Syracuse University.At last, Anellia thinks, she's on her way to a new, richer life. She heads off to college with the best of intentions --- all she wants is to become one of the coeds, stimulate her intellect, and put the past behind her. But not long after her arrival on campus, in a moment of insight, Anellia says, [back home] ... "I had never imagined a true library: a university library in whose stacks I might wander mesmerized for years ... yet I saw myself at Syracuse as alone and beleaguered and fighting for my life ... I was in a perpetual state of agitation."Soon she finds herself flustered and flattered to be asked to join a popular sorority. And here is where the story shifts slightly, a tilt that allows the narrative's pervasive shadows to become a little darker, a little more defined. For reasons Anellia cannot at first ascertain, she is not comfortable or happy as a member of Kappa Gamma Pi. Then, in a shocking moment of clarity, she discovers that her "sisters," with whom she really has nothing in common, are using her as a conduit to better their grades, and in the end, they betray her. These vapid and vicious girls set her up as a patsy, which causes her loss of innocence and dims the sparkle of her earlier expectations. When Anellia leaves the "Kappas," she has no choice but to move on; but with no money, no friends, and no place to go, her prospects are bleak.One of the most interesting devices the author uses in I'LL TAKE YOU THERE is both interior monologue and real-time observations. This gives us a fuller picture of Anellia's dilemmas and clues to her confoundedness. She remarks, "The study of philosophy is the study of the human mind" ... and also one of the leitmotifs threaded throughout the whole of I'LL TAKE YOU THERE. Oates quotes all of the philosophers from Socrates to Sartre, which imbues the book with a heady concentration on the human condition. Readers may find these asides a bit distracting at first, but as the plot roars on, it becomes clear that the notion of studying the human mind is, according to our narrator, "... to be baffled utterly."It is with this mindset that Anellia becomes obsessed with a troubled, but brilliant, black graduate student she meets in an Ethics class. "...That voice ... like a musical instrument ... was both respectful and insolent ... searching and earnest ..." in its defense of its owner's ideas; and, without a glance backward or second thought, the young Anellia decides she has fallen in love with this man.Their perverse affair is hopelessly doomed, but Anellia's single-mindedness pushes the situation to a place where she accepts the punishment she thinks she deserves for falling in love. When this painful fiasco is over, a phone call from one of her brothers brings news of a relative once thought dead, which puts in place the events that change Anellia's life forever.All of these seemingly disparate threads do come together in a cohesive, beautifully written novel. Readers will find that I'LL TAKE YOU THERE is a story of a life reflected in shades of gray. A character study that provokes questions about how individuals manage to live their lives; where and how can any person stable or unstable find some kind of peace? Anellia's life and her experiences are not unique to her. She is "every girl" who is not willing to wrap herself inside a cocoon of hypocrisy, and she represents those women who wish to move beyond the bonds that bind females to roles as mother, wife, friend, daughter, and object. Joyce Carol Oates has created a heroine, who, at first, has no idea how strong she is, and does not understand how worthy she is until her great epiphany. In the end, Anellia knows she is and will always be a survivor.--- Reviewed by Barbara Lipkien Gershenbaum
Another Gruber book that I just couldn't stop reading. Tropic of Night is an original, expectation-defying thriller tinged with dark - yet scientific - mysticism. Think Serpent and the Rainbow meets Silence of the Lambs. Having just read Gruber's recent "Book of Air and Shadows", I was expecting this book to be less mature - but I was completely mistaken. He juggles multiple stories, points of view, and tenses with ease. The story, the characters, and the writing are all first-rate and hard to forget, and there several bone-chilling scenes. (I felt that I needed a glossary to keep track of some of the African terms, and realized there was one - as I turned the last page of the book. It's at the end.)
Everyone loves Oz, and sometime wishes we could go there when things get too strange in the real world -  the new movie is wonderful, as was the old one.
I love well-written medical mysteries, and this is one of them. The characters re well drawn with depth and believability, the story moves along well, and it is interesting throughout. Lots of little medical anecdotes along the way. Takes a while for the mystery to develop, but that's no problem at all.I will look for more by this author.
L Frank Baum was born in New York state in 1856, and grew up on a luxurious country estate called 'Rose Lawn'. His interest in writing stemmed from the printing press he received as a fifteenth birthday present from his father. However, he tried a number of professions before starting to write children's books - the first two simply re-told 'traditional' fairy tales. 'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz', his third book, was first published in 1900 and became a huge success. It proved so popular a musical version was adapted for the stage - with Baum himself writing the lyrics for the songs. In time, he added a further thirteen books to the Oz collection - concluding with 'Glinda of Oz' in 1920. However, it's probably fair to say that the series of books is overshadowed to a great degree by the famous film starring Judy Garland.Dorothy is an orphan, who lives on a farm in the Kansas plains with her 'Uncle' Henry and 'Aunt' Em. There's very little colour - cracked baked soil, dusty grey grass and even the paint on the house has been blistered by the sun and washed away by the rain. The farm takes all Henry's time and energy, while the tough conditions have gradually ground all the joy out of Em's life. Dorothy - who loves nothing more than playing with Toto, her dog - brought the first sounds of laughter the farm had heard in many years.However, she doesn't have much to laugh at the book's beginning : with a cyclone on the way, the family aim to take shelter in the farmhouse's cellar. Unfortunately, Dorothy and Toto don't make it in time - and they're still in the wooden house when it's swept away by the cyclone. The house is finally deposited gently in Oz - a faraway country surrounded on all sides by a great desert. She's greeted by the Munchkins, a small race native to the eastern area of Oz she has landed in. They take Dorothy for a sorceress, and are very grateful to her - for the house has landed on the Wicked Witch of the East, who had ruled the Munchkins and had treated them very badly.Dorothy just wants to get home, but the Good Witch of the North can't help her. She suggests visiting Oz, the Great Wizard who lives at the City of Emeralds - a wizard so powerful, he should be capable of sending her home. However, she gives Dorothy a kiss on the forehead - and no-one will now dare harm her. Before setting off down the Yellow Brick Road to Oz, Dorothy also takes the silver, charmed shoes that had been worn by the Wicked Witch of the West. (These should provide some help, though the Munchkins never found out how the charm worked). Although Dorothy starts her journey alone, she is joined along the way by the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman and the Cowardly Lion - three famous characters, each with his own reason for visiting the Great Oz.A very short and easily read book, that differs a little from the film in places. Obviously, the shoes are silver in the book rather than ruby, Glinda only appears at the end of the book, while the Wicked Witch of the West didn't play quite the major role she did on-screen. There were also some parts in the book that were dropped for the movie. For my own part, I found it easier to see in-print than on-screen how little help from the Scarecrow, the Cowardly Lion and the Tin Woodman actually needed from the Wizard. Definitely recommended.
This is an interesting book.  I enjoy reading about Bobby's life, since he was rather eccentric and fascinating at the same time.
I started off buying A Series of Unfortunate Events for my son, but I like them much more than he does.  This book is packed with action and narrow escapes.  I especially liked little Sunny learning to cook while spying on Count Olaf's gang.This series is a fine antidote to the endless optimism of our society.  So many people are fixed to the idea that human ingenuity can do anything, and that we do not need to worry about limits. In real life endings are not always happy, no matter how good our intentions are.  I wish our politicians would realize that.
This tale, the fourth in the Jani Kilian series, has a kick to it. Kristine Smith, smart and sophisticated (she throws in quotes from John Donne) has been a great writer since her debut novel, &quot;Code of Conduct,&quot; and she's improved each time out. In &quot;Contact Imminent,&quot; she's conquered her one weakness--plotting. In the past I got the feeling sometimes Ms. Smith confused even herself, but not this time. Things just hum along (the climax is a masterpiece of cross-cutting action that's positively cinematic) as Jani, the hybrid human-idomeni, is sent on an intricate mission, in the course of which she finds a club that would want to have her as a member--and it's one she actually wishes to join, too.The members of her mob are all back--the Shakespeare-quoting Naill, the semi-smarmy Lucien, her doctor chum John who hybridized her in order to save her life, the crafty idomeni leader Tsecha. They're always true to Jani in their fashion--for the most part anyhow, as for the most part they all have their own agendas.And then Ms. Smith introduces a new character, the terrorist Micah Faber; and through his character she speculates on the idea of virtual reality via hypnosis: a fascinating concept.As with the previous novels this one is complete in itself. There are no cliffhanger endings. It's clear Ms. Smith has plans for more books in the series, but they'll come at her own pace. At the back of the paperback edition you will not find a preview first chapter of the next book in the series, which in some sense is a blessing although you'll probably grab the next one as soon as it appears.Notes and asides: Naill refers to MacBeth as &quot;The Scottish Play&quot; because actors consider it to be bad luck to speak the play's true name. One would suppose that Ms. Smith has made Chicago the capital of her &quot;Commonwealth&quot; because she lives in Northern Illinois, as her biography makes perfectly clear.
This is long and not for the more self-interested person who has no interest in the different beliefs of others. But if you're interested in the fine nuances of behavior that change the history of a family, this is a piece of fine writing. The author skillfully creates arrogant male characters: Dominic, his grandfather and Ray (and others) ...yet you somehow see how frail their arrogance has made them and have to extend grace to their frailties.Lamb reaches into worlds I've never seen...and pulls out some pretty phenomenal experiences. Interesting mind, great book
Not many writers can weave so much emotion into their passages. But Judith Hendricks  does this very well.  She has combined real, likeable characters, a story packed with emotion, complicated relationships, and incredibly strong, inspiring female characters. The thing that makes this book, and this author, stand out even more is that Judith Hendricks knows the power and magic of female relationships.  And she is a genius at portraying these things in words.  I really felt like I understood Avery James in ISABEL'S DAUGHTER, I cried for her.  But even better, I loved this story of healing and perseverence and the strength that a woman gathers from within herself and from the women in her life.
The book's heavy - so right away you know its going to be either really good or really bad right?Well, this one's a real keeper.  A story, told from several vantage points across two generations of several families related by blood and circumstance.  There's all the action of a WWII thriller - with fighting in trenches and jungles and taking out pill boxes on remote Pacific islands.  But, for me the most interesting part was the Information Science and the journey into cryptography that Neal Stephenson leads you on as you progress through the book - easy to understand, but quite stimulating to ponder for those neophytes not acquainted with the fields of encryption or cryptography.  There's love stories, crazy geeks with amazing toys and luxury tech equipment and more exciting twists than you'll believe.  There's Gold, Silver, espionage, fighting, and more than I expected when I picked up the book - it kept me gripped from the first to the last page and the story rounded out to the perfect resolution.It was a long read, but Neal Stephenson needed every page to get the story down that he did - and it was worth the investment of time to enjoy the story he crafted for us.  Thanks Neal!Highly recommended!Dominic Ebacherebacherdom.blogspot.com060907.0158
Being a very long time TV wrestling fan, I decided to check out Mr. Foley's book. I was very pleasantly surprised at how he was able to get me to like his profession even more. He is able to tell, in his own very articulate and irreverent manner, how hard wrestling really is. Mr. Foley pulls us through his world and shows us how close all the wrestlers are and what they all go through daily to provide us the with great performances. This is a book for people who love professional wrestling. If you are just slightly interested, this book will make you love this profession also! Good work Mr. Mick Foley!!
I see so many reviews, and my only hope is that through the voice of my humble opinion, one more person will pick up this outstanding novel and read it through to the end to be as moved and awed as I was by this truly amazing story.Late at night (very late, because I couldn't put it down), while reading Dominic's grandfather's book within a book (the cherry on the sundae), I would tip-toe to the living room and shut the door so that I could read and laugh out loud and not wake the whole house.If you love a good story that gives you memorable characters - get this one - it is phenomenal.
This comprehensive biography of one of the most notorious film directors in history is a remarkably thorough and balanced portrayal of a complicated, brilliant man.  Other biographies have been written, but seem to me to be much more biased - either unrealistically over-praising or unnecessarily scathing, depending on which mood and era of the man's life they chose to dissect.It's so detailed that it's difficult to write a review that's not novella-length, but it follows "Hitch" from his humble beginnings as a greengrocer's son in England, a sensitive and reserved boy who somehow still had the charisma to amass an enormous network of friends and colleagues, to his domination of the American film industry.  His fascination with murder and the psychology of killers began early in life, as the slightly-eccentric Hitchcock family enjoyed lively dinner discussions about famous villains of their day:  Dr. Crippen, Jack the Ripper, and Adelaide Bartlett, among others.  Hitchcock was also an avid reader and happily described himself as an Americophile, and when the film industry really began to blossom he was most impressed by the American studios and production techniques, which he felt were superior to what was being done in Europe at the time.  After early jobs in sales for an electrical products firm, he officially entered the film business as an assistant art director.  It was during this time that he met Alma Reville, the woman who would become his wife and most valued collaborator.After success in the European movie market, Hitch was wooed by the Selznick brothers to cross the pond and contract with Warner Brothers (he would later leave them for Paramount and would ultimately finish his career at Universal), which he did with some hesitation because very few British directors had successfully crossed over into the American market.  There were hits and misses - for instance, two of my very favorites, Rope and Vertigo, were considered box office failures! - but overall his success was substantial, and with Psycho, one of the top-grossing films of its day, his place in history was secured.One of the gems of this book is the inclusion of a treasury of early short stories Hitchcock wrote for The Telegraph, as well as an extensive filmography, which alone is 100 pages long!  It's also heavily sprinkled with entertaining anecdotes and references from and about the actors, writers and musicians he worked with on every film:  his deep friendship with Ingrid Bergman, teaching Gregory Peck about wine, falling out with Tippi Hedren, battles with the Selznicks, collaborations with writers like John Steinbeck and Ray Bradbury, and much more.  Reading all those details immediately prompted me to go out and rent a few of my favorites again, finding them even more fascinating after reading all the `inside' details.One of the most poignant points of Hitch's life story is, perhaps, its end.  By all accounts, when his health deteriorated and forced him to retire, his inability to keep doing the one thing he truly loved - make movies - killed him, quite literally.  Although his physicians said he could have gone on and possibly lived many more years, he simply didn't want to.  He went to bed, stopped eating or seeing friends and family (besides Alma, who was also very ill), and died shortly thereafter.  I make it sound like this all happened in a matter of days when it was actually a period of a few years, but it was a steady and relatively rapid decline.  In the end although all were saddened, nobody who knew him seemed too surprised.At 800+pages it's no small investment of time, but it was a true pleasure to read and for ardent Hitchcock fans it's probably still not long enough!
How can John Gray NOT be great? This book carries Venus and Mars to its next step, closer relationships and better understanding.
I was impressed with Mr. Lashner's first work, and he delivers again with Veritas.  Veritas is a continuation of Hostile Witness, with the same central characters - the lawyers, the mafia, and the private investigators.  Victor Carl is still chasing the elusive big payout client, and he stumbles into what could be a very lucrative case.  Different worlds collide in a very well written work, where Victor Carl is forced to confront exactly what wealth can and cannot do for you.
I had never heard of Jennifer Haigh before but a friend recommended that I read "News from Heaven" The Bakerton Stories." After devouring that book in less than a day I promptly bought Mrs. Kimble."Mrs. Kimble" focuses on three women, Birdie, Joan, and Dinah who all marry the same man, Mr. Ken Kimble during different points of the novel that goes from the 1960s up until the present day.I want to first of all applaud Jennifer Haigh for writing such an engaging novel that takes place in different periods and places and still manages to evoke authenticity throughout the novel with describing the uber traditional marriage and family in the 1960s, to the free love of the 1970s, and women gaining ground in the workplace in the 1980s.One thing that I am always worried about is that when a novel has different protagonists throughout the novel is that either all of the characters sound the same, or it is very confusing to tell who is speaking at different parts of the novel.  However, none of those things occurred in this novel.  Ms. Haigh manages to write these three different women, with different backgrounds, stories, with such distinct voices I was loathe to end the novel since I wanted to know how they all ended up.The one thing that I really wished that Haigh had done (and did not deduct any stars from my rating) was to allow the readers into Ken's head a little bit. He remained a cipher through the whole novel and I know that the novel was supposed to focus on his wives but I really do wish we had been given a glimpse into his machinations a bit more.I highly recommend this novel!
Yes, and I'm not only talking about flipping the pages.  To learn more about the &quot;flippy thing,&quot; you'll have to read the book.Similar to Mick Foley's book, as well as somewhat with the Rock's book, Chyna speaks from the heart, and tells you her true-to-life story.  We get to learn all about her dysfunctional family, her horrible luck with finding a proper job, and her unbelievble curse at fitness pageants.  But, more importantly, we get to learn about Joanie Laurer and Chyna, two different personas, one outstanding person.The thing that I liked most about the book was her sarcasm and humor.  Not only did it help the book move along rather quickly, but it allows you to relate to her story more.  Her witty comments and language made for more interesting reading.The book's photographs are excellent, and the comments by Triple H and Mick Foley are nice additions.  The only major beef that I had was using Michael Angeli to co-author the book.  It often seemed as if he was not very knowledgeable about wrestling, and seldom watched it.  But, other than that, this book is a real winner.  The behind-the-scenes stories are incredible and the section involving Killer Kowalski is beyond funny.Any fan of the World Wrestling Federation has to read this book.  It won't take long to read, and you'll be glad that you did.
I thought it was an interesting enough read.  There are parts of it where I was completely disgusted by the womanizing. Other parts, I was inspired.  Still other parts, I was filled with envy at how easily things came for the group and how easily they would throw it all away.  It is a good story and I would recommend it to be people that are interesting in understanding the weird world of that period.  I don't know that it was the most exciting though.
... Michael Moore likes to be a thorn in America's side. Not that there's anything wrong with that.Every society needs a dose of someone like Moore. "Obnoxious," "cocky" and "unpatriotic" are just a few of the words that have been thrust upon this film director and writer. And if some leaders had their way, Moore might be brought up on charges of treason for his critical remarks about the conservative agenda and the Bush administration.But we need Moore. We need a rabble-rouser who encourages national discourse. Moore fulfills that role with his latest offering, "Stupid White Men ... and Other Sorry Excuses for the State of the Nation!"Pet peevesJust as the United States reels with what some hear as jingoism, leave it to this cynical Midwesterner to supply the country with his carefully calculated thoughts on poverty, crime, illiteracy, election abuse and President Bush's positive image.Moore tackles these issues with sharp political intellect, dry humor and self-deprecation without sounding like a tired old liberal. In other words, he avoids coming off as an arrogant blowhard the way his ideological nemesis, conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh, did in his 1992 dissent "The Way Things Ought to Be."But like Limbaugh, Moore may reveal some sour grapes on particular issues. One issue that comes to the fore throughout the book is the 2000 presidential election. While much of the country has moved on from what Moore describes as a "stolen election," he still laments yesterday's news. It would be nice to see such anger channeled into some solutions to the various societal problems that Moore raises throughout the book.Moore does offer solutions, but in a comical, peevish way. In his "Idiot Nation" chapter, Moore complains about what he sees to be the country's poor education system. He pokes fun at Bush by including a "Presidential Clip and Carry," a two-page cutout of a list of the leaders of the 50 largest countries.Connecting with the readerMoore's beefs hardly end with politics. He delivers a round of male-bashing in his "The End of Men" section -- in which he urges men to learn how a toilet seat works and encourages them to bathe daily. Moore asserts that men should step aside from leadership roles and let women deal with the stress. His words are fun, concise -- and, no doubt in the eyes of many beholders, true.Moore has his own theories on why things are as they are. Deploying something like the "Six Degrees of Separation" theory, Moore insists that all society's ills are linked back to -- you guessed it -- stupid white men. Moore argues that it's greedy CEOs, politicians and those who support them who are responsible for what he sees to be American social decay. Perhaps he plays the blame game a bit too much, but Moore's thesis is both resonant and humorous.Like some other political entertainer-comics -- Dennis Miller, Al Franken -- Moore doesn't pretend to be a pundit. As a result, he connects with the reader."Stupid White Men" may offend many people, but that's what makes Moore an original. He is not afraid to publish dissent when it's unpopular to do so. And there's nothing more patriotic and American than that...
A profound book on human psychology, written in a simple, clear logical style. If you need to know why people do what they do, this is a must read.
I read this to my daughter Magda (she is two) and asked her some questions about it. This was her very first chapter book. Here's what she had to say:Did we read Charlotte's Web?Yeah, we did.Did you like Charlotte's Web?I do. I like Wilber the Pig in Charlotte's Web and Some Pig. (Some Pig is an illustrated preschool book using the text of Chapter Two of Charlotte's Web)Was he your favourite?Uh (thinking) Yes! I like that Wilbur doesn't get killed.How come Wilbur didn't get killed?`Cause Charlotte saved him.How did she save him?`Cause he went to the County Fair.What happened at the County Fair?I can't remember.Did Charlotte write something on her web?Uh...a letter!What kind of animal is Charlotte?A spider. A spider who writes a web.Do all spiders know how to write letters or was she special?She WAS special!What happened to Charlotte?She died!She died.Was it sad? Were you crying at Charlotte's Web?I was. Did Charlotte have babies?She did.What happened to the babies?They were dead but they weren't. Charlotte's babies weren't dead they were just  happy.Where did they live?In a sack. Charlotte's babies went in a sack.That's true. What happened to the sack?The sack breaks.And did some of the babies live at the barn with Wilbur?Mmm.And did that make Wilbur so happy?YES!Who wrote Charlotte's Web?(whispers) E.B. White. I'm enchanted. Mommy, are you enchanted?I am. Where did you learn the word "enchanted"?Um..outside? Mommy?It was from Charlotte's Web!Charlotte's Web was enchanted?No, Fern was enchanted with Wilbur, remember?Oh. Yes!For more reviews, please visit my blog, CozyLittleBookJournal.
"Stupid White Men", a book I enjoyed very much, is a funny, satirical expose' on the state of our nation. It tells us, through Michael Moore's eyes, the way it is. I recommend it to every American. And, although I don't have a dog in this race, I think everyone who reads "Stupid White Men" should go on to read the book that tells us, through using West Point as a metaphor for our Nation, the way it out to be. I found this book by Norman Thomas Remick, "West Point:....Thomas Jefferson", to be the corollary to Michael Moore's book, "Stupid White Men", and I got it right here on Amazon.com.
I loved the story and couldn't put it down at times.I just wish the chapters had time and place headings. I found the story jumped around a lot (especially in time) and it often took me a few paragraphs to work out where the story was at.
I love this book.  This is not light reading and yet I could not put it down.  It is a testament to what people can overcome in their lives.  You will love the main character well worth reading.
I bought this book and the non-fiction &quot;The Code Book&quot; at the same time. I found this book covered much of the same material - especially post WWII - but with the added enjoyment of an action adventure story that kept me turning pages way after my bedtime. Sort of &quot;Indiana Jones meets Alan Turing&quot;. An interesting bit of prediction - shortly after I finished the book I read in &quot;Wired&quot; about an operation to set up a real 'data haven' like the fictional one that the characters in the book did. A great read. Not reccomended for the faint of brain.
After watching the &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; movie I am glad I also read the book.  Some people have only seen the film, but have not read the story.  I suggest they do!&quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; is an easy read for most youngsters.  The chapters are short and will keep a child's attention.  I think kids will have fun watching the movie and also reading the book to see the similarities and differences.Books are a great gift for young readers, particularly when many kids have too much television in their lives.  Child readers usually do better in school and their adult lives.Most people have talents they don't know they have. My exposure to literature caused me to discover a talent in writing I didn't know I had.  My talent in writing for children gives me hours of fun and a great feeling of accomplishment.  Do you have a talent you don't know you have?  YOU probably do!As a children's book author, I highly recommend &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; to kids and grown-ups.Richard W. Carlson Jr., author of &quot;Jeremy Grabowski's Crazy Summer in Stormville!&quot;
While this is not Wally Lamb's best novel, I have to appreciate the depth of his work and portrayal of situations and characters that speak to our times and our concerns. I have had the pleasure of hearing him speak, and he is a thoughtful, authentic person who strives to revel the human condition to his readers. And, for the most part, he succeeds. The book is longer than it needs to be, but worth taking the time to read.Patricia Sheehy, author
It's hard to imagine that there's a soul out there who hasn't come across at least one of these plays in the course of public education or personal  reading, but if you haven't then you should at least give them a chance and  take a look.  Plays aren't everyone's idea of pleasure reading, but this  collection of Wilder's best-known three are among the best-known one-act  plays in the American collection.  Drawing at will upon the comic and the  tragic -- often in the same breath -- Wilder's plays might have prompted  the slogan of the recent (and acclaimed) &quot;American Beauty&quot;, which  implored viewers to &quot;look closer.&quot;  These three plays are good  discussion pieces, palatable introductions to American theater, and  insightful explorations into the potential of the theatrical medium.A  little more info on two of the three:OUR TOWN happens to have been one  of the first plays I ever actually studied in a drama class, and I have  particularly fond memories of blustering through the part of Mr. Webb in  our dramatic reading.  The play, which focuses on the lives of the simple  townsfolk in Grovers' Corner, New Hampshire, a dry New England town, begins  with an observation of the daily lives of the townsfolk.  In the second  act, it goes on to portray the romance which develops between George Gibbs  and Emily Webb, the young lovers who consummate their feelings in marriage  at the end of the act.  And in the third act, after Emily dies, she finds  herself among the mourners at her own wake.  Taken as a whole, Our Town  shows the reactions of the austere New Englanders to all possible  situations -- they are brought to life, portrayed in times of happiness,  grief, and peaceful quiet.  In addition, Wilder uses the play to make a  statement about the futility of living in the past, and forcing the  audience to deal with the concept that just like a show, life must go on.  In the end, he says, truth can only be found in the future, which it is  still in our power to influence and change.  Our lives are our own to live,  and we must learn to set our own course while we still can.  (Of particular  interest in this script is the role of the &quot;Stage Manager&quot;, who  both interacts with the characters and serves as a quasi-omniscient  narrator.  I think the idea of having a character exist on multiple planes  might have been a Thornton first, at least in some regards.)THE SKIN OF  OUR TEETH is a little bit stranger and more avant garde.  In a script  unlike anything else that Wilder has ever written (to the best of my  knowledge), the audience is presented with a detached look at man's natural  reaction to crisis and stress.  The play focuses around the Antrobus  family, simple representatives of the every family, but with a few  significant quirks -- the characters seem to be updated (or perhaps  reincarnated) versions of the first family -- Adam, Eve, Cain, and Abel --  and refuse to establish a consistent setting.  Simultaneously set in the  prehistoric Ice Age and on the boardwalks of Atlantic City (and by  simultaneously I mean that there is no differentiation between the two),  and paying no particular attention to the linear laws of time or space, the  play draws upon so many stage and literary devices that it eventually makes  the head spin.  In a particularly powerful conclusion, the play comes  entirely round circle, ending with the same lines on which it began, and  implying that the entire cycle is about to repeat itself.  And that is  exactly the point Wilder was getting at in this bizarre and avant garde  production -- no matter how much we change, as we evolve from cave-dwellers  to farmers to civilized ladies and gentlemen, the more we stay the same.  Our features change, but our natures do not.  Both a confusing and  intensely powerful piece of dramatic scripting, this play is worth reading  at least twice.  (To the credit of this script, I remember getting chills  just reading it to myself for the first time, during certain climactic  scenes.)As for THE MATCHMAKER... I'm not as familiar with it, but I know  it's a popular comic script for amateur theater troupes, and served as the  basis for the musical comedy &quot;Hello Dolly&quot;, in which a widowed  matchmaker decides to take a second husband, and tricks him into proposing  to her by making a show out of setting him up with another woman.  Clever,  but not as experimental as the other two...All in all, this is a  collection of plays that should be read at least once, if only so that you  can say you didn't care for them.  There's a lot here, and Wilder was a  master of the short script, and a pioneer in American theater.  Give it a  shot -- check it out from your library if you're dubious about purchasing  scripts you haven't read -- and see what you think,
Mia's adventures of a princess continue in this delightful sequel. Cabot does an admirable job of combining a coming-of-age story with a fairytale. I highly recommend it for teens 13 and up.On that note, what is it with all of you parents who purchase this book for your nine-year-old, then complain that it's not a kids' book. THERE'S A REASON WHY IT'S ON THE YOUNG ADULT SHELF AND NOT IN THE KIDS' SECTION OF THE BOOKSTORE!!! IT'S NOT THE DISNEY MOVIE - I REPEAT - THE MOVIES ARE NEVER THE SAME AS THE BOOK. DUH!!!!!! INSTEAD OF WHINING ABOUT HOW YOUR LITTLE BRAT READ SOMETHING INAPPROPRIATE, TAKE THE TIME TO READ SOME REVIEWS OF THE BOOK SO YOU'RE NOT UNPLEASANTLY SURPRISED! I'M SICK OF ALL YOU PRUDES PUTTING DOWN GOOD LITERATURE BECAUSE YOU, YES YOU Y-O-U DIDN'T DO YOUR JOB AS A PARENT!!!!!!!!!!!
Another Horwitz adventure I'm glad I got to go on.  Tony has the gift of using his wit and wile to take his readers on journeys to lands past and present.  His friend Roger's  perspective, provided a humorous Thompson-esque view on many of the destinations.  I'm ready for the next trip.  Take me along!
Ms. Kingsolver's books travel with me.  I'm reading them at rest stops and in the hotel.  When I read her books, the weaving of characters and their lives in the natural world, which itself is like a breathing character, makes me happy to be alive and more accepting of the natural world.
Most people know The Wonderful Wizard of Oz through the classic movie, so reading this book might come as a surprise to them when they see how much that film changed. A lot of the elements are the same, but there are some dramatic alterations, especially when it comes to the Wizard himself and the adventures Dorothy has beyond just defeating the Wicked Witch.The biggest things that captures the mind when reading L. Frank Baum's classic story are the level of imagination in the story and the fact that he doesn't spend a lot of time explaining too many details, instead leaving the reader to fill things in. The writing style is intriguing in that it doesn't waste a lot of time with details but still manages to convey the sort of fantastic imagery and humor that the Oz series is known for.Whether you are familiar with the world of Oz or not, this book is an excellent one. It can be read by adults and children alike, and it holds a new sort of wonder every time you read it. I highly recommend it.
This book is not new to me. I have been a fan of Mr. Hoffer for 20+ years. A must read. An education, this book will change you and make you think more clearly forever.
Debbie's angel books are always great, nobody writes like her! I would recommend her books to everyone, you just get wrapped up in them.
The talking fairyThe story is about Barbie and her best friend Mab. Mab is a fairy who's going to get mad at Barbie because she thinks Barbie is a dork, Mab going to go to New York and live Barbie in California alone with her mother. Do you think Mab would come back to Barbie since she's her best friend? Mrs. Foster (Barbie's mom) wanted her to be a supermodel, because she thinks Barbie has the perfect body to become a wonderful supermodel. But it's not just that, she wants Barbie to be a supermodel because when she was a teenage girl she had it  all what it takes but it's just didn't work out for her. But is Barbie want to be a supermodel or is it just her mom's idea!?The only thing Barbie wants is to go to New York where she can be her self, and live with Mab and be Tyler's girlfriend.The friendship between Mab and Barbie difficult but yet playful.Maybe Mab was real, maybe she wasn't, maybe she was the courage after all!!This book will inspire you to believe in a creative fairy.What I learned from this book is it has a lot of imagination and I learned that you can make your imagination a fun thing, like this book I liked the fairy and I kind of believed in it when I was reading it, so now I learned that we can make our imaginary anything we want and make others believe in it as a real thing.
An absolute wonderful read especially at the beach! Great love story! This book is interesting because it begs the question "what if?" throughout the whole story. I like how Loraine Depspres wrote the book. She would tell part of the story and then give a flash back to explain something. This book is filled with twists and turns all the way till the ending and it has a fantastic ending leaving no stone unturned!Reccomend to anyone especially any one who has ever wondered "what if"!
This book was excellent. Well written and heart wrenching. Definitely, worth reading. My mom is an identical twin, so the subject matter was intriguing.
An interesting read, it respects history while adding fictional details and twisting events to connect everything in a nice little package.  However, the Deus Ex Machina ending left me feeling cheated, much as Snow Crash.
Synopsis:The enduring children's tale of Dorothy and her little dog who were swept away from their home in Kansas and placed within a magical realm. After the house lands on the Wicked Witch of the East, Dorothy is informed that her only way of getting home resides in the hands of the Great Wizard of Oz who is ruling over the people of the Emerald City. She and Toto set off on their journey to the city of green and meet three companions along the way who help her in times of trouble. Throughout her walk to the Emerald City and her secondary journey home, Dorothy is faced with the many challenges, twists and turns.Review:Okay, I admit it. I loved this story as a child and as an adult, the story is still one of my all-time favorites to read. Every now and again, I pick up the book and remind myself of the way things used to be in times now long past. The writing style is easy, descriptive and engaging enough to keep a child's attention and yet delight an adult at the same time. While the film a beloved classic, the original story has a lot more action and adventure within its covers that entices the child (and adult) to use their imagination. The dialogue is written in such a way that the child can understand without much explanation. This book is a must-read on many nighttime story lists.Rereading this classic brought back many memories from my childhood. My grandmother used to have me curl up in her lap with my head on her shoulder as she would read to me. It's more than likely the very reason why I am so attached to words, stories, and books! This is just the first in a series of books about Oz so there are many more adventures to be enjoyed. If you are looking for a great addition to your child's bedtime reading list, consider this for ages 6 and up.
Amber was brave...&quot;She could get the grocery man/to trust them for a container of milk/though their mother/couldn't pay him till payday/Amber wasn't afraid of the rat/in the wall under the sink/or of climbing up in high places&quot;  Essie was smart...&quot;Essie could read hard library books/could thread a needle/cook toasted cheese sandwiches/make cocoa/put the lipstick on just right/when they played dress-up&quot;  Amber and Essie, two sisters, caught in the day to day struggle of hard times.  Their mother is tired and sad, and works long hours for minimum wage.  Their daddy is in jail for forging a check when he lost his job and needed money.  There is never much to eat, the radiator's always cold, and the phone is turned off until their mother can pay the bill.  But there are still the small pleasures of childhood...jumping on the bed together trying to touch the ceiling, playing beauty parlor every Sunday night with Mommy, dipping toast triangles in hot cocoa, making a &quot;best sandwich&quot; together with Wilson the bear.  And there is hope.... Vera B Williams has written an unforgettable and poignant portrait of a family clinging to the edge.  Her evocative text, told in free verse, is powerful, yet gentle, sensitive without being maudlin, and really illuminates the joys and sorrows of Amber and Essie's life.  Her expressive and understated black and white pencil drawings capture the tough times and happier moments without being distracting.  And Ms Williams includes vibrant, colored pencil, self-portraits at the beginning to introduce the girls, and a wonderful family album drawn by Essie and Amber, to complete this remarkable and heartwarming story, after the happy and uplifting ending.  Perfect for youngsters 8-12, Amber Was Brave, Essie Was Smart is an engaging and endearing treasure, told with great insight and wisdom.
A friend lent me this book before she even read it herself which is the ultimate act of generosity - when I looked at the size of it originally I estimated a month's worth of reading but once I got it home and started it  I finished the book in 2 weeks.  Found it a completely engrossing story of  family - of burdens, of guilt,ultimately of discovery and joy - of history  repeating itself of the same things that we are all by products of.  Highly  recommend this book.
This book was a hit for me because I was looking for a quick pick-me-up and this was it!!  Fast, funny, dysfunctional - it shows us that we can make mistakes and still land on top.  Also, a key theme in this book is to keep trying.  Sissy never gives up, although she has every right to.  I found this book very entertaining, loved the "Southern Belle's Handbook" and I will DEFINATELY check out the author's other books, if only for the humerous escape and a light read.
VINEYARD ENIGMA by Philip R. Craig has Zee drifting after her encounter with a killer, which she won. J.W. is busy keeping the home fires burning while Zee wanders toward a new attraction in the personage of Abraham Mahsimba.Mahsimba has come to Martha's Vineyard from Zimbabwe in search of two historic soapstone eagles and Mr. Brownington, a missing investigator.J.W., John Sykes, and Mahsimba stumble upon the corpse of Matthew Duarte and the hunt is on for both a killer and this missing artifacts.A good Vineyard read.Nash Black, author of Indie finalists WRITING AS A SMALL BUSINESS and HAINTS.
Wondrous journey spanning the limits of time and space. A journey about a soldier and the human race, written in the past which could be spot on for our future.
If you are thinking of reading this review, first be forewarned that it contains very little happiness in it at all. Inside the pages of the books that this review reviews, you will find such terrible things as orphaned children, a greedy villain out to steal a fortune, an incompetent banker (the word 'incompetent' here means, 'unable to protect or even remotely assist the Baudelaire orphans in their attempts to avoid the evil Count Olaf'), a murdered relative, a harmless Incredibly Deadly Viper, the reappearance of a villain, a widowed, phobia-ridden aunt (phobia-ridden here meaning, 'an aunt too afraid to touch the doorknob, use the oven, or be near realtors'), a library devoted entirely to grammar, a house that teeters on its foundations, and leeches. Clearly, if you had any sense at all, you would not wish to read about such things.If you do, however, chance to pick a volume up, be sure to drop it as quick as you can, kick dirt over it so no one else can find it, and run in the opposite direction. Because if you do pick it up you will find, to your horror and misery, that the tales recorded within are most definitely unsuited to such a person as you. Tales of a fortune-stealing man named Count Olaf out to get a trio of clever and incredibly unlucky children are not, I am sure, the sort of thing you would enjoy. So I recommend that you purchase another book, perhaps a volume by Lenoy M. Setnick entitled THE PONY PARTY, the first of his series called THE LUCKIEST KIDS IN THE WORLD!, which can be found by purchasing Mr. Snicket's unauthorized autobiography in hardcover and turning the dust jacket inside out.A very good day to you.Rating: Very Good
When I finished reading this book, it left me wanting more. And those are type of the books that I like to read.
And for many years Torey has encouraged me in my career, to find hope in the hopeless.  Thanks for inspiring this special ed. teacher to find my own diamonds in the rough.
I am a fan of most of Le Guin's books. Although I don't like every one of them, several of her books are among my favorite novels. I really admire her explorations into the &quot;otherness&quot; of  gender, which was the primary theme in her greatest novel &quot;The Left Hand of Darkness.&quot; In &quot;The Birthday of the World&quot;, Le Guin revisits Karhide (where &quot;Left Hand of Darkness&quot; took place) and plays with the idea of complex marriages, unbalanced societies, and the loss of innocence, all themes she has touched on throughout her writing career.If you are new to Le Guin, I'd recommend you read one of her great novels first (&quot;Left Hand of Darkness&quot;, &quot;The Dispossessed) Then, these stories should flesh out an appreciation for her work. If you are working on writing your own science fiction or speculative fiction, I'd highly recommend this book of short stories along with &quot;Steering the Craft&quot;, her writing workshop handbook. These two volumes really should be packaged together for fiction writers.
This book was a big improvement over the first one, Sabriel.The book has two story lines that run in parallel.The first line, about Sameth, son of Sabriel, suffers from some of the same problems as the first book.  He keeps running into those masses of zombies ("Dead") all the time and when he's not outside, he's moping around his castle being picked on by his sister, which is better than running around outside with the zombies, but pretty tedious.The second line, about Lirael, is *much* better.  Lirael is exploring this great library full of magic creatures and magic books.  She's trying out all kinds of things and becoming more and more powerful.  Granted she has a nasty case of depression, but she gets through it and builds herself up to be truly exciting.  I think the sequence of Lirael in the library makes the book worth while.  I could have stayed in that library forever.This is a bit of a spoiler, so you might want to stop reading at this point.Anyway, the bad thing is that Lirael gets out of the library and then she's out there with all those zombies and Sameth.  And there are more and more of the putrid things.  The more she kills, the more there are.  It's the ultimate sisyphean task. This series is kind of like the story of a bunch of glorified exterminators who spend their lives ridding the world of disgusting and dangerous pests.  Unfortunately, I was reading the book in a cockroach infested dormitory, which did not help.Still, the book has good suspense, a real page-turner, and a lot of the stuff is very creative, not at all like other fantasy books.  The land of death that Nix creates is very unusual.On the whole, I recommend the book.Warning: the ending is a cliff hanger.  You might as well just buy the whole series together.  It's not very likely you're going to be able to walk away from all this suspense without finding out what happened.
Hoffer gets right to it and he tells it like it is. If you are at all curious about what motivates people to join mass movements (religious, nationalist, whatever), this book is for you.
I teach high school English to mainly Dominicans in the Bronx and I highly recommend both The Color of My Words, Lynn Joseph's first Dominican book, and The Flowers in the Sky to those who teach a largely hispanic and/or inner-city population. The former is much shorter, easier (in terms of reading level), and takes place in the Dominican Republic so the cultural references are abundant. Flowers in the Sky takes place in present-day New York City and is another coming-of-age story centered around a Dominican teenage girl (15 years old). The multiple themes are all well-handled and important ones for teens to reflect on: family/relationships and true love, and money/work/and crime are the two major ones in this book. Lynn Joseph is a fine writer, esp. in terms of style and plot. I liked how this book has numerous short chapters (helpful considering my many ADD students), but I miss the wonderful poems that begin each chapter of The Color of My Words.
"Over Tumbled Graves" by Jess Walter is an exquisite, thought-provoking first novel.It is a story of conflict, contrast and choice set amidst a serial killer investigation in Spokane.A drug bust gone awry leads to the discovery of a string of hooker killings, all with an identical signature.Spokane's Major Crime Unit's initial suspect is linked to two brutal non-serial murders as well. The more they learn about him, the more intangible he becomes.The characters are complicated, believable, motivated---their internal dialogue and tensions fueling the plot. Alan Dupree's cynical, sarcastic, acidic wit is a highlight.Competing "celebrity" profilers, the attendant media circus, condescending FBI "assistance" and a mid-investigation change of lead detectives distract and surround the investigation.In the end, it is the Spokane MCU's detailed, tedious, credible investigative work ethic that corners the perp. That final answer is unexpected and complex.A lack of cardboard stereotypes, superb misdirection and smoothly flowing action earn "Over Tumbled Graves" highly recommended status.
This is a great one, and I've read through it several times already. Haldeman's exploration of time dilation as a concept in war and human relations is really interesting and (as far as I know) one of the only books to really delve into this aspect of space travel.Not only is this some excellent science fiction, but it offers an interesting perspective on war since the author is a vet. I'd say give this a shot if you're looking for a quick read that you'll definitely want to read again!
I read the hilarious prequel in one day,  read this one just as fast. Not disappointed! I liked the characterization the most. You won't be disappointed, either.
As we drove 500 miles in the car on our way to visit a relative, my 2 and 5 year-old sons and I listened to this tape. It was simply wonderful. They had not heard the book read aloud to them yet and they loved the story.The best part of this recording is that the author is the narrator. There is something special that happens when we are privileged to hear an author read his own work. There are slight nuances we may miss when reading the book to ourselves or aloud, the tone of the voice, the slightly different voices for each character and so on. E.B. White's Maine accent is wonderful to listen to.There are plenty of book summaries and reviews that discuss the content of the story so I won't repeat that. Suffice it to say this is a wonderful story about friendship, loneliness, empathy and teamwork. The mourning of a natural death of a friend is counterbalanced with the joy of birth and making new friendships.Do yourself and your children a favor and listen to this audio recording. It is wonderful for long trips in the car, for listening to before bed, or while working on an art project or with Lego's.A pure delight!
Ah, sweet and simple! This novel was funny, beautifully written and enthralling. Touches of magic keep this novel lighthearted, though there are serious doses of realism. Love!
This is an excellent resource book for both new and experienced pressure cooker users.  The recipes are interesting and quite good.
This excellent science fiction novel is a joint 1976 Hugo/Nebula Award winner and deservedly so.  It has been, along with Starship Troopers by Robert Heinlein, identified as the best military science fiction novel in existence.The author, Joe Haldeman, is a Vietnam veteran, and his experience in that conflict can easily be seen in this novel chronicling a never ending conflict between Humans and Taurans, driven more by economics and the military industrial conflict than by any animus between the two species.Of particular interest are the technological advances throughout the term of the conflict and interpersonal relationships, made more fascinating by the time continuum that results in vast differences in the passage of time between starship travelers and others.  The method of travel, the weapons used, equipment, medical advances and interesting Tauran characteristics all display outstanding imagination.Labeled by most as an anti-war work, it certainly demonstrates the futility of this particular conflict, which is conceded by the author to be an allegory for the Vietnam conflict.  However, the book is at its core, simply fascinating without beating the reader over the head with its political message.  Highly recommended.
The Abarat series focuses on the adventures of Candy Quakenbush, a girl from our Chickentown, Minnesota. Through a series of strange circumstances, she manages to cross over into the magical archipelago of the Abarat, where monsters can become your best friend and each island is a different hour of the day or night. (For example, say you love taking a nap at 3 o'clock in the afternoon , well then you'd love to visit the Nonce, where it is always three in the afternoon. Plus, the thick foliage and shade will provide the perfect natural bed and the once an Hour storms will make sure you never oversleep.) With every new discovery, Candy not only learns more about this incredible, and sometimes dangerous, world, but also more about herself. And that she is destined to not only change the Abarat, but also Chickentown forever.It is hard to pick any one thing about these books that make them fantastic. The plot boiled down is a standard coming of age story. However, the way it is done and the settings make it so much more that other fantasy of it's ilk. The reader's expectations are often turned on their head. Characters and places that one would expect to be good are often not, and the same goes for the bad. This keeps the reader wondering whose side everyone's really on?If someone came to me and forced me to choose one aspect of the this series that keeps me coming back for more, I would have to say the characters. Well, one character especially. I am a big fan of Christopher Carrion, the Lord of Midnight. Sure, he looks like Death and the embodiment of nightmares float in a glass collar around his head. But don't hold that against him; he's one of the most complex and compelling characters of the series. Sometimes he's the villain and other times the hero. He's an abused child and the abuser. When he falls in love, he'll move heaven and earth in the cause of love. How could one not love a character like that? Plus, you can't keep this guy down. Literally.For my complete review, come to my blog.  Here's a link: [...]  Trust me, it's far too detailled to put all here.  Happy Reading!
As usual Mr. Craig made me feel at home. I am a native of the Island now living in Florida. His books always bring me back home. He does a great job of describing Island life. Except the murders!Anyone who has ever heard of Martha's Vineyard should read all his books.
I have been a teacher for over 30 years.  One of the best loved books , of all the ones I have read to my classes, is Charlotte's Web.  The students love this book and keep coming back to it.  It is a story many of them remember years after they first heard it.  The story is filled with memorable characters who you find yourself rooting for.  It is a timeless book which my students like now as much as they did 20 years ago.  My daughter is now living and teaching in Taiwan.  I purchased it for her to read to her children over there.
At first my daughter did not want to read this book - I think she thought it looked dull. No pink prancing ponies on the cover. Anyway... I read it to her and it is a really sweet story that looks back to life during a time when there were no video games or tv, and life was really a question of living off the earth and being inspired by the world around you. I enjoyed the story and once I read it to my daughter she enjoyed it too and asked me to read it to her again the following day. Encourages an love of nature and reading. A good story and heart-warming too.
What a charming, cleverly packaged presentation.  &quot;Where do Balloons Go?&quot;  is sure to captivate the interest of a variety of readers, not to mention adorable inquisitive children who love to ask questions, and still use their  imagination.  If balloons can fly; can I?  Is adventure in another place really possible when  I just let go?  What is on the other side of the clouds?  This book presents balloons with the qualities of people which is a good way to &quot;soft-sell&quot; some interesting ideas, and present answers.  Jamie Lee Curtis has done a fine job.  The sing-song rhymes are clever.  This is an ingenious follow- up to her previous book,  &quot;Today, I feel Silly and other Moods&quot;.  Take a peek at this uplifting mystery  about balloons.  Be adventurous.  Didn't you ever  wonder what happened to the balloon that was supposed to bring  another traveller back  from Emerald City in the Land of Oz to Kansas ?  She used her red slippers, and made the trip home just fine, but that balloon is still out there.  Or is it?
Wow! I am worn out after reading this book of the Crue and their orgy, drunken, drugged out ways. What a book! As good or better than Aerosmith's Walk This Way.We are spared no quarter as the Crue described their fight up the musical ladder. How they drank and drugged their way to the top and lived to tell about it! You will read about most everything in this book - Nikki's anger with his mom and dad; the brother and sister he never knew he had; Vince's womanizing and drinking and fights with the band; Tommy's battle with alcohol and Heather and Pam; and lastly, Mick - as one other reviewer said - he doesn't say much and I find myself drawn to him more than the others. Quite interesting with respect to what he has to say and how he is treated by the world. Really amazing.After reading this book, you will wonder how in the world that they ain't dead from drugs or alcohol or why they ain't in jail for murder! Could it get any worse for these guys?Definitely worth the read.
I am sorry to say that the lives of the three Baudelaire orphans have still not improved.  In The Slippery Slope, that slippery sneak, Count Olaf, has kidnapped Sunny, the youngest Baudelaire, and forces her to do all the cooking for him and his slimy troupe of villains, a task for which she shows an amazing aptitude, a word which here means she is very good at it, even though she is just a baby.Meanwhile, Sunny's siblings, Violet and Klaus, have stumbled upon someone they never expected to see.  Namely, Quigley Quagmire, the brother of Duncan and Isadora, who was believed to have perished in a fire.  Quigley leads Violet and Klaus to the secret mountain hideout of the mysterious VFD organization, only to find that it too has been completely burned to the ground.  The three intrepid adventurers will have their hands full trying to rescue Sunny, without themselves being captured, and continuing their search for the elusive VFD.In The Slippery Slope, Lemony Snicket reveals even more clues to the mystery that has been building since the beginning of A Series of Unfortunate Events.  We now know that the Baudelaire parents, along with the Quagmire parents and many others, were part of a secret group known as VFD.  We have also learned that Count Olaf himself was a member of the group, until a schism caused him and his cronies to begin killing off the other members by burning their houses.  It has also been revealed that, with the loss of the mountain hideaway, there is only one secret VFD hideout remaining.  The good guys and bad guys alike know what the last location is, and it will be a race to see who can get there first.We still don't know for sure what VFD stands for, or why the VFD's sugar bowl is so important.  The sugar bowl was thrown from a window of the mountain hideout while it was being burned, and floated down a river, presumably all the way to the sea.  Count Olaf has expressed a great deal of interest in that Sugar bowl.Hmm, I am running out of things to say about Tim Curry.  I've already mentioned that he is a very good audiobook narrator, so I won't talk about that.  I have also talked about his impressive background on Broadway, Hollywood, and television, so I won't mention that either.  How about some personal background?  Tim Curry was born on April 19, 1946 in England, although his current home is in Los Angeles.  His first regular acting job was with the London cast of the musical "Hair" in 1968.The Slippery Slope is another exciting installment in A Series of Unfortunate Events.  You can feel the story building toward its climax, but we still have a little way to go.LEMONY SNIPPET: Having an aura of menace is like having a pet weasel, because you rarely meet someone who has one, and when you do it makes you want to hide under the coffee table.
Before you get married, ask your prospective husband if he likes the book Charlotte's Web.  If he doesn't like the book, RUN.  QUICKLY. LEAVE HIM AT THE ALTAR.  This man obviously has a cold piece of ice where his heart should have been, and you do not want to commit the rest of your life to him!
"A Goon is a being who melts into the foreground and sticks there.""All power corrupts, but we need electricity.""It pays to increase your word power."- from the author's noteAlthough Jones seems to be classified as a "children's" author, I've found her a very fine fantasy writer with a sly sense of humor ever since I took amazon.com's advice and first read HOWL'S MOVING CASTLE. While ARCHER'S GOON (a stand-alone work rather than a volume in any of Jones' series) has a young protagonist, but like Jones' other work can be enjoyed by any fantasy reader, since she doesn't talk down to her audience.On the morning the story opens, Howard Sykes faces a typical day of school, avoiding violin practice, and the usual clashes with his little sister (nicknamed 'Awful', with a voice like an ambulance siren). Just an ordinary day in an ordinary little town, right?Then the title character, a huge thug promptly nicknamed 'the Goon', shows up."What's Dad done?""Told her. Sykes got behind with his payment. Archer wants his two thousand. Here to collect it.""Who *is* Archer?""Archer farms this part of town. Your dad pays, Archer doesn't make trouble."In exchange for being let off his taxes - and maybe other things - Howard's father has been sending 2000 words in an envelope to City Hall every month for years. Sykes tries to laugh this off, saying it's a private joke he used to break his writer's block years ago - but now one sibling after another of the seven siblings running the town wants to get hold of the last batch of words and figure out what Archer's been up to all this time. Despite being adults, the siblings don't get on any better than Howard and Awful do; they've just got a truce by which they've divvied up the city. (One sister runs law enforcement while her twin handles crime, for example; Archer runs city power, Hathaway transportation. The brother who got last choice got waste management.) We eventually meet each sibling in turn; in some cases, the main characters must work out where that particular sibling's HQ must be, given their discipline.The siblings settled into town about a decade before the story opens, planning to use it as a base for taking over the world - but they can't even get along with each other except for staying out of each other's way, and some seem to have changed their minds about running the world. But at least one appears to be interfering with all the others - all of them seem magically constrained to stay within the city limits, although they all deny knowing who did it, how, or why. The siblings have different personalities, and one or two really *are* efficient enough at organization to run the world if they can get free of the town.Sitting down and asking myself why I like this book so much, I think it's basically the same reason I like some of GK Chesterton's grand conspiracy stories: on the surface we have an ordinary, apparently completely mundane and boring setting - but underneath that surface, even the most mundane activity may cover the activities of some agent of a colorful conspiracy. For instance, Hathaway doesn't get out much, which explains the town's disorganized road construction programs and why potholes don't get fixed properly. Archer has his secret lair in a bank vault and likes gadgets. The brother who runs entertainment travels with an entourage of disco dancers and the local cathedral choir when he wants to foil eavesdroppers.The Goon himself *looks* very threatening, and refuses to leave without Archer's overdue batch of words, but he's easily bullied about little things like where he puts his feet, and can almost be overlooked like a large pet or easygoing protector - a dangerous assumption to make, perhaps.
The book has wonderful pictures and I just love the personal notes by Rachel.  The book is well worth the cost!  It is my favorite Shabby Chic book!
One of the best books I have ever ever read - enthalling!It was hard to believe this is a work of fiction - the characters were so real, the storyline was riveting.
One of the things I appreciate most about this book is Lamb's ability to show the complexity and nobility of ordinary people. He doesn't pretty up anything, showing his characters accurately and empathetically. This is a story of great length and complexity. I enjoyed every minute, as did my reading group. I'm not going to repeat things that other reviewers have said, but I will note that Lamb set his story at exactly the right time. A new generation of effective drugs to treat schizophrenia burst forth in the 1980s and 90s, with the result that a diagnosis of schizophrenia is no longer a sentence to living hell. Today, schizophrenia is a treatable disease. As the parent of a schizophrenic, I was overjoyed to see my child become indistinguishable from the normal kids around her as new drugs enabled her to recover. Had Lamb set his story a little later, he would have had a different tale. As it is, he wrote a magnificent story smacking of ancient epics.
I loved this book!Ms. Sheraton is an interesting multidimensional woman. Her book is as her life filled with fascinating travel adventures, shopping, and eating. Some of my own favorite passions.
I waited around for a very long time for this novel. She's Come Undone is my absolute favorite contemporary work; I have read it five times, and in my opinion, there is no better modern character than Dolores Price. That being said, I Know This Much Is True was also nothing short of amazing.Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, but it does not quite add up to the talent of the first two. Lamb has always had a knack for writing a story within a story, but in The Hour I First Believed, those stories come off as separate and not always intrinsic to one another. On occasion, it has the tendency to ramble on, and at times, I was not quite sure where Lamb was going. Furthermore, while the beginning of the book comes off like gangbusters, it decidedly "comes undone" two thirds in. I can almost pinpoint the spot where Lamb becomes preoccupied...like he is simply desperate to finish (deadlines ARE a bitch).Without being a spoiler, he also makes some "abrupt" choices for the ending that felt a little "off." The good thing is, if you ARE a diehard Lamb fan, like myself, you will enjoy the visitation of previous characters and themes throughout. For instance, the Birdsey twins (of I Know This Much Is True) play a small role...and a character named Dolores Kitchen shows up briefly, and I cannot help but think she was once "Dolores Price" (from She's Come Undone). Lamb also wrote a book on his experiences teaching female inmates in a maximum security prison...this idea plays a huge role in the new book.Last but not least, Caelum Quirk, the main character, is fantastic (the last name is quite fitting, let me assure you). He has all the sarcasm and self-deprecation found in Lamb's other great characters.While I feel the book fell a little short of its predecessors, I still liked it very much and look forward to Lamb's next work with enthusiasm. He knows how to write a good epic novel.Lastly, if you are thinking that this novel is going to be entirely about Columbine as seems to be suggested by the description, you will be sorely disappointed, it is merely one topic among many.
Once again, Maguire shows his particular brand of genius. This book shocked me. I actually thought this one would be fluffy, but it's very deep indeed. In fact, it's the only work that celebrates the ordinary over the extraordinary in such an adept manner that I know of. Most people celebrate the extraordinary, but Maguire shows us that all things that are extraordinary, from the beautiful to the grotesque, are, well, God's mistakes or accidents of nature. This nook encourages readers to use the extraordinary to appreciate the ordinary, instead of the other way around. As a historian, I also like the fact that he used the Dutch tulip craze to illustrate this point. If anything, this shows that beauty and value are completely arbitrary. It's a good point to bring up in this discussion, and doing so in this manner shows just how knowledgeable Maguire is.This book is a definite must-read.
My 6 year old daughter loves this series.  I didn't expect much that we hadn't seen before, but the cat and cupcake were clever and cute as can be.
Thick as a brick, but doesn't feel like it when reading. Impressive story, characters that you feel for and wonderful use to the english language. It's not as much of reading as it is participating in a journey in time and space, puzzles that challenges the reader and in the end, you both feel sad for the book to end but also glad that there are more books from Neal to read.
I dont like giving my 5 stars away, in fact, i hate it. But this book,  this series, continues to hunger for them. ITS NOT FAIR! GIVE ME BACK MY STARS! This book is a fantastic masterpiece of danger, mystery, and frightingly excitable tense action.
Gail Levine returns to the terrain that she does best, strong and intelligent princesses -- only here she expands her terrain. After the so-so outing of &quot;The Wish&quot; and the delightful but all-too-short Princess stories, fans of &quot;Ella Enchanted&quot; will not be disappointed!The bubonic plague of Bamarre is the Gray Death, killing anyone it touches. While shy Princess Addie merely wishes to remain where she is, brave Princess Meryl is determined to save Bamarre from the Gray Death. Though the sisters are as different as day and night, they love each other a great deal.But as hard as Meryl tries to save Bamarre, she falls ill with the dread disease. Addie must set off on a quest to save their kingdom -- and her beloved sister. Her innate shyness and retiring nature must be overcome before the exciting end of the adventure. Her characterizations are spot-on, especially Addie. She manages to portray a quiet, retiring young girl in a sympathetic light, without making her seem pathetic or weak. The male lead, Rhys, is strong but not overbearing, kind and very, very cool.Levine's evocative writing style has matured further from &quot;Ella Enchanted,&quot; becoming more flowing and poetic in the dialogue and descriptions. But, like &quot;Ella,&quot; we are given very human kingdoms mixed with otherworldly beasts and creatures, dragons and spectors and griffins and so forth.If you are one of the many girls (women, men, boys...) who cheer for strong heroines, then pick up this book immediately!
This is the third book by E.B. White that I have read to my daughters (ages 6 & 8), and they have greatly enjoyed all of them (the other two of course were "Charlotte's Web" and "Stuart Little").  It is the story of a young trumpeter swan named Louis who is born with a birth defect in that he can't talk.  It seems verbal communication is a great part of a swan's courting ritual, and since Louis can't use his voice to say "Ko-Hoh", his mother and father believe this will be a great disadvantage for him when he gets older and wants to attract a mate.  At great personal risk and dishonor, Louis' father, the old cob, sets out to help his son by stealing a brass trumpet from a music store so that his son will have a voice.  The old cob is a very funny character.  He is always making all of these long winded speeches, and his wife has to cut him off or he would go on forever. The beginning of the book reads likes a nature lesson, and you learn all about swans raising cygnets (baby swans) in their natural inhabitant, but then in the later chapters it turns into an adventure story as Louis sets out on his own.  To repay his father for his sacrifice, Louis goes to school to learn to read and write so that he can communicate with humans, and then he sets out to pay off his father's debt and to restore his family name.  With the help of a young boy named Sam Beaver who had become friends with this family of swans back in Canada, Louis gets a job as a bugler at a summer camp Sam was working at.  Sam knows a lot about nature and wants to work in a zoo when he grows up.  At camp KooKooskoos Louis makes many friends, and learns to play revelry and taps on his bugle, and earn a little bit of money as well.  At the end of the summer when the camp closes Louis moves to Boston to get a second job working on the swan boats at the Boston Common.  (You are greatly reminded at this point of "Make Way for Ducklings" which takes place in the same atmosphere.)  The man who owns the swan boats is very nice to Louis and puts him up at the Ritz Hotel for a while.  After Sam returns and helps Louis again by surgically separating one of his webbed feet, the quality of Louis' trumpet playing greatly improves.  Louis then starts to become well known, and is offered a job as a jazz musician in Philadelphia.  He moves out to Philadelphia and stays at the Philadelphia Zoo for a while.  It is the custom of the head man at this zoo however to clip a wing of any bird that comes there that they want to keep.  This prevents them from flying away.  In order for Louis to keep his freedom and not to have his wing clipped he has to agree to play a free concert every Sunday for the people of Philadelphia.  By fate it is here in Philadelphia at the zoo, that he meets his true love Serena and woes her with his trumpet playing.  After earning enough money to pay off his father's debt, they move back to Montana to start a family.  While the book was great there was one minor negative thing I found that prevented it from being quite perfect.  In the story Louis goes to great lengths to explain the value of freedom, but then in the end he volunteers to leave one of his cygnets at the Philadelphia zoo whenever they need a new one.  Since this would remove that cygnet's freedom, it seemed kind of hypocritical.  E.B. White does appears to support zoos in this story, but with the amount of mixed signals he sends it wasn't always whole heartedly.  The illustrations in they book by Fred Marcellino were very good and added immensely to the story.
I almost didn't read this book because I generally like my detective novelists to stick with what they know or rather who they know. I'm glad I took a chance on this one. Laura Lippman's got character development down. These characters are real. You like them in one chapter and you don't like them in the next. You sympathize with them on one page and then you'd like to tell them where to get off the next. And, she never plays the reader for a fool by solving her mysteries with out-of-left-field suspects or bizarre circumstances. She's too honest a writer for that.
The pictures are breathtakingly beautiful, and the words are inspiring.  It's proof that things need not be perfect to be beautiful.
A far cry from her wealthy, Long Island roots, anthropologist Jane Doe hides in Miami after faking a suicide. Instead of studying magic practices in remote global sites, Jane pretends to be an unassuming drab medical records clerk.  The last person Jane expected to ever have to avoid is her spouse Witt Moore, but that is whom she hides from if she wants to remain alive.  On their recent trip to Africa, Witt became involved in nasty powerful magic that has taken control of him.Jane recognizes descriptions of serial killing rituals as that from the lore of the Olo tribe that she and Witt visited.  Her husband is probably the deranged killer and she knows she is the only with the skills to stop him but fears trying.  The police including Detective Jimmy Paz search for the maniac too.  However, clues are difficult to find when the witnesses contain whiteout memories except that the culprit seems to them to look like Paz.TROPIC OF NIGHT is an intriguing mystical police procedural in which black magic interferes with the investigation.  The story line engages the audience as if Michael Gruber cast a spell on his readers.  The support cast is a delight as they enhance the strong plot.  The villain is clearly out of control by the dark force has engulfed him.  However, what keeps the tale focused and centered is Jane starting to comprehend that she can run but she can't hide.Harriet Klausner
With a full schedule to juggle, Angie has little time to plan an engagement party; so she leaves that to her mother, soon regretting the decision as she frets over what her mother will do to the party. That is the least of her concerns soon, as murder, a stalker, a missing new mother, a harried neighbor and the dreaded color purple keep Angie's life interesting. Her neighbor, Stan, seeks solace for his heart broken state over Angie and Paavo's approaching wedding and his loss of free food, by courting a lovely waitress, who happens to be very pregnant. When she suddenly gives birth, Stan becomes her savior, until she vanishes and the child's father is killed. Going to the authorities to investigate would put the baby into the hands of CPS- but there's always Angie, who kind of has police credentials because she has helped out her fiance' before on his police cases. Right? Right. Paavo has his own worries. Someone is scaring Angie to death, and it could become the real deal if he doesn't catch the stalker.**** Angie Amafali's saga is always so much fun that you can't help but smile when a new entry comes along. It has all the warmth and zaniness of more famous books, but less angst to weigh it down. Her romance with Paavo has a reassuring quality in a very unreassuring world. As always, the adventure continues in the back with recipes to inspire you to imitate one of Angie's safer hobbies. This is a Christmas gift to give yourself. ****
I read Elizabeth Young's first novel Asking for Trouble and loved it, so I thought I would try this one! Harriett Grey is just your average London girl, though she has inherited half a house in Putney which she is living in with her best friends Sally & Jacko, Sally's infant son Tom, & Frieda, a Swedish girl who doesn't play a large part in the novel. The story begins with Harriett's friend Rosie telling her that Nina, an acquaintance they were at school with and hated because she was Little Miss Perfect and liked to lord it over them, has just been dumped by her boyfriend and she's put a private detective onto him because she just knows there's another woman. Harriett tells Rosie that she is the other woman and then the story goes into flashback mode to tell the story of how Harriett came to steal Nina's boyfriend! Or did she?This is not your average chick lit novel! Oh sure, the basic story line is there, but Ms. Young does such an excellent job of fleshing out the story and creating unique and intriguing characters that you can forgive the fact that there's not a huge twist on the usual plot. Ms. Young does an excellent job on her secondary characters - giving side plots that are almost as interesting as the main plot! Way to go and can't wait for the next one!
Six years ago, when sort-of best friends Alice and Ronnie were eleven years old and were sent home from a birthday party in disgrace, they kidnapped an infant from someone's front yard. The baby died and the girls went to juvenile prison until they were legal adults. Now they're back and -- no surprise -- they're much different people now. That's the set-up and everything else in this tensely absorbing story builds from that premise as another infant disappears from a mall. Are one or both of the girls involved?Lippman is very, very good at exploring the personalities of characters in extremely stressful situations, at letting them slowly reveal themselves to the reader in ways that turn the narration on its head, often several times, so that you really can't predict where the story is going. (Just like real life in that respect.) There's the mother of the victim, whose grandfather is a beloved judge and who is determined to get revenge for her daughter's death by tying Alice and Ronnie to this new crime, whether they did it or not. And there's Alice's rather puzzling mother, who insisted her daughter be held equally accountable for the first crime, because it was only fair. There's the public defender who feels she failed the girls in the original plea-bargaining and who is determined to do better this time. And, of course, there's the relationship between the two girls, both then and now, even though they haven't seen each other in six years. And will justice be served? Not much, really.The author started out with a well-received private detective series set (like all her books) in Baltimore, but after a few years she branched out into some independent novels, of which I have now read three and greatly enjoyed them all. Actually, while the latter books each center on a different group of main characters, they're all tied together by the recurring crew of Baltimore County homicide cops from whose perspective we see much of the action. I'm a little surprised that Hollywood doesn't seem to have caught up to Lippman yet.
I am no Biblical scholar, but I am able to recognize an excellent study resource.  This book doesn't overwhelm the reader with long, complex, theological treatises.  It gives a new translation of the text and limits its brief comments to those verses that have a fuller meaning, or are best interpreted using a Jewish idiom, or that may need additional historical/cultural info given to fully understand it.  It seemed that 80% of the verses I had questions on were addressed by the author.  But the surprising part for me was that it wasn't the same ole, same ole info that has been rehashed since Clarke/Henry/Barnes did their commentaries.  I highly recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about the Torah.
If you enjoy essays commenting on life's absurdities to provoke a laugh, this book is for you.  The shining star of the book was Kaplan's tale of how her therapist became completely unhinged, and Kaplan watched the train wreck from the patient's chair.  The reader is also treated to her experiences waitressing in an overpriced bistro, her career playing lesbian characters in several different plays for one director, one long night hopped up on caffeine and 8 Midols, and more.  Later chapters focus on life with her small children, which I think will be appreciated the most by other people with children.  Overall, this book is a quick read divided up into some great anecdotes, and it comes highly recommended.
This novel is so far the best I have read on the subject of race relations and interracial romance. Some critics of interracial romance genre gripe about how the white male characters come off too eager to be with the black woman, who in turn, does not trust the relationship wholeheartedly until she is romanced in a such a fantastic way that it comes off unrealistic.  McLarin does not spin this type of fairytale into the romance of Lee and Porter.  It is honest, at times, brutal, about the reality of race and how it affects an interracial couple.Ms. McLarin has such a smooth, lyrical way of writing that the language comes off in a beautiful, bittersweet way. It reflects the dilemma the characters are facing w/their love for each other and the demons they are wrestling inside of themselves. A tender, beautiful read. I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to read an intelligent, honest account of interracial romance that goes beyond &quot;jungle fever&quot;.
My son (age 11) has read the full series now and loves all of them. I highly recommend then for ages 9 to 12 if your child has good reading comprehension.
I remember The Slippery Slope being one of my favorite books of the Lemony Snicket series, and in general, it lives up to that memory, if only for a moment early on where Violet and Klaus are given a moment, for the first time in the series, simply to realize how much they've lost and how wildly out of control their lives have become. It's a genuinely touching and emotional moment, and it's to Daniel Handler's credit (the real author behind Snicket) that such a goofy, macabre series is still capable of such great moments that are anchored in our attachment to these characters. But there's a lot more to be had in Slippery Slope, from a reminder that Sunny Baudelaire is growing up to the arrival of a fairly surprising character, from glimpses into what exactly V.F.D. is to a realization that Count Olaf may not be the only villain out these these days. And, of course, Snicket does all this while still telling a story that's exciting, laugh-out-loud funny, and manages to both develop his complex mythology and deepen the themes and ideas that he's been playing with all along. Key among those: what, exactly, makes someone a villain? And at what point is crossing that line appropriate? It's a difficult question, and it's to the series' credit that it doesn't offer cheap or easy answers. Instead, it ends every bit as conflicted and unsure as its characters, and there's something refreshing in that honesty and refusal to condescend to its audience, no matter how young they might be. The cliffhangers at the end of each book are getting harder to walk away from, but even if they weren't, it would be hard to walk away from the Snicket books at this point - not when we've gone from laughing with the series to being genuinely and honestly moved by what it has to offer.
Anyone interested in Vietnamese history and culture outside of the Vietnam War will find this book very interesting and thought provoking.Though written by a former member of the Vietnamese Communist Party and someone who fought for the communists the book is very anti-communist party and its leadership.  The book gives a devestating look at the land reform campaign of the 1950's.The bottom line is the book is well translated and easy to read.  And it gives us a look at Vietnam most of us have never seen before.  It is a good read and makes you think!
CS Lewis- an essential author in any good library.  But be aware, this copy of his works is a bargain for a reason!  The book binding isn't great, and the pages are not all cut the same so some stick out farther than others.  The paper feels rustic.  A good find for a poor college student, a bad purchase for your fancy home library.
"Going Postal" presents a wonderful picture of a condemned criminal who, given a second chance at life, uses every (unsavoury) skill at his command to survive till he can escape back to his wicked habits--er, do some good in the world after all.This should be read back-to-back with Pratchett's "Night Watch," which features a NOBLE hero accomplishing an impossible task. I will warn you, however, that for a certain type of mind, Pratchett's writings can quickly become addictive.
This book is a necessity for anyone interested in Torah study. It provides thought and insights that help to clarify the Torah.
This is not just for children; actually it's meant to bless adults as well and adults will really get more from this and want to read the entire set again and again.  C.S. Lewis is an amazing author with everything he writes but this has to be his best!
Perfect for preschoolers, it will keep you and them entertained beginning to end.  In this fourth book in the series the little mouse is busy as usual hoppng from thought to thought.  The illustrations are a perfect compliment to the story, as they are very colorful and detailed.  They are sure to occupy the young minds as they try to locate those extra details.  Good for the whole family, but especially the young ones.
His wonderful novels have yet to disappoint.  He is so descriptive and clear, I find myself drawn into his worlds completely.  I have read 4 or 5 of his novels now and every time I have thoroughly enjoyed his twisted take on a familiar back story.  Keep 'em coming!
This was one of my favorite stories as a kid.  My husband's parents bought the book for him when he was little and we still have it today.  One day, hopefully it will get passed on to our grandchildren.  This is a classic story that every child should get to hear or read.  It's about triumph through what seems to be looming tragedy.  The story highlights the importance of friendship and loyalty.  This is a story that's good for every generation, a timeless classic.
I can see why this book is so lauded by the literary world. A great read and interesting concepts yeah.
Going Postal must be one of my favorite Terry Pratchett books. It was so creative and fun. To win a battle of wits without much in the way of wits is pretty impressive. It is quite true that once someone gets angry, they do lose a bit of self-control and don't think as clearly. Pratchett really pulled that aspect into play in this book. It was fun to follow the characters and their 'angel' through the rebuilding of the post office.Stanley was one of my favorite characters in all the Pratchett books. He may have only had a small part but he made me laugh. I have known quite a few collectors in my time and Stanley sure fits the extreme definition (yet some people really are that into collecting things). A good lesson to be learned? Never mess with a hardcore collector when it comes to something that truly matters to them...The only downfall of this book, in my opinion, is that the old letters never get delivered. They were the cause of all the problems in the first place, demanding to be delivered, and yet the letters gave up on being delivered without any mention of it whatsoever. They stopped delivering the old ones almost right away and only seemed to focus on the new ones that were coming in because that brought in revenue for the city.Courtney Conant
This story is very moving.  I think Lamb built the characters very well causing you to truely care about what affects their lives.  Pick this book up and try it for yourself.
I bought this book and performance because I wanted to read (listen) to the original version versus the movie we all know.  Although the film is better due to the singing / dancing and some interesting adaptions of the story in plot and dialogue, the book is good as well.  In addition, I read (listen) to "Wicked" and some of the background information for that book / musical are found in this book. I bought this version since it was newest and had the best ratings.
Love this book, great illustrations, gave it a read with my daughter, who's nearly six and it made me a little uncomfortable, mostly because she lives in one of the most diverse areas in the nation (silicon valley, CA) and she doesnt really see borders between people...I kind of felt like this book might make her see that too early in a sense and make her a little more conscious of race, and she doesn't feel that way now. Hopefully that makes sense; I don't know if it will read well as a review...just my two cents. I just dont think kids under 6 or even 7 will really get it, ESP. If they're used to seeing a great variety of ethnicities on a day-to-day basis and it's never really pointed out...she doesn't care who she plays with, be it black, white, Chinese, Korean, east indian, etc., she just never thinks about skin color, and neither do I. Also, there's a couple of lines I kinda glossed over, like when the author states he has asthma and his brother's dead...although interesting, I found it too serious to relay that to my daughter.In truth, as an artist, I just thought the illustrations were AMAZING & wanted this book more for that alone.I'm Japanese/white and have many friends of various racial backgrounds.
A Must Read For Avid Health and Fitness Advocates and Actuators Who Actively Live A Healthy Life Style Of Body Building, Running, Dieting, etc.
For those expecting "Enders Game", or any one of the wonderful pure science fiction books out there, just stop. All the people complaining about the "Rampant sex", orgies and drug use, fail to mention how minor a place these actually fill in the book. Even if this offends your puritanical sensibilities, note that of the 300 or so pages of the book, you could take all the references to sex and drugs and fill 3 to 4 pages. Look beyond your own hang ups, and see the deeper messages that this book tries to convey. Yeah, you can write a scathing review and feel better about yourself in a "See how smart I am" kind of way, but you missed the true points entirely; War makes no sense, it's usually waged for the stupidest of reasons, and true love will stand the test of time........ and what a long time indeed.Do yourself a favor and just read the book. After having served in the military for 22 years and retiring in 1999, I truly enjoyed the book as a reminder of how silly things can be when taken too seriously...............
This book actually rates a 4.5 stars with me.  Five stars for what is in the book, and four for the book's actual physical quality.  My copy, at least, was poorly bound, though bought new from Amazon.  The works in the book are superb.  I'd all but given up finding a place to get all of Lewis's works in one place until this book came out.  I only wish I'd put out the additional ten bucks or so and gotten the hardcover version.C.S. Lewis, had he been a Roman Catholic rather than an Anglican, would have been canonized a long time ago.  As a Roman Catholic myself, I consider this Protestant bretheren to be the most important Christian apologist of the 20th century.  There is no current Christian writer who can hold a candle to him, and he writes for believers and non-believers alike.  When I have moments of depression or doubt, simply turning to this book lifts my spirit and sets me back on the true course.  What a treasure C.S. Lewis was to all Christians, and what a treasure he continues to be.This book contains all his major long works of nonfiction.  It is an outstanding compilation, well laid-out, easy to read.  Again, my only fault is with the poor quality of the binding.  For $25.00, a book should be bound well, not glued irregularly.Still, a treasure.  Get the hardback.
I bought this book to go with a music box because I wanted to give her something besides toys.  This book is perfect and tells her how much I love her.
This is a good book, that has a lot to do with growing up. It's very well written and pretty interesting. This is clearly a classic growing up story. Though a bit slow, this is defendly a story that I recomend.
The main theme of this book "AMERICA, WAKE UP". Moore manages to scoop up all the steaming piles of human greed, selfishness, stupidity and immoral behavior and serve them up in a humorous and informative manner. This book will shock some and confirm some beliefs in others but it is not "some liberal rag". Moore takes aim at Democrats as well as Republicans. A very good read indeed.
This book doesn't fail to display the artistry  by this author. Mr. Lamb has ceased to amaze me as a champion in defining the modern Mans flaws and complexities.
One of my daughter's favorite authors. My girls from age 10 and up love this writing style and subject matter.
I have read a LOT of children's novels lately and this one is the best.  I don't say that lightly: I am a critical reviewer and frequently give two stars to "classics."  But E.B. White's story about a caring spider and a young pig speaks about humanity as well as any other work of children's fiction.Over the whole book hangs the terrible specter of Wilbur the pig's death.  In a remarkable plot shift, Charlotte the spider ends up dying.  Her death is surprising and beautiful.  We are humbled and emptied by this wonderful creature's passing.  But with Charlotte's end comes the ultimate lesson about death: while some die others are born, and they live a life partly assembled by the dead.  For a book to tell tiny children such things so well and so compassionately is a real feat.  E.B. White, who himself has died, has indeed left behind great life in his wake.
My daughter reads this book often.  This story is a favorite of hers.  As always, Gail Carson Levine delivers an enchanting story!
All three of these Authors are some of my favorites.  When I heard they were doing an anthology together I thought what could be better.  Well the answer is that all these Novellas should have been full length books.  I really was left wanting more.  That I beleive is a good thing.  If you have never read anything by these three authors this may not be the place to start.All three book pick up hero's from previous books. Lisa Kleypas Charachters come from &quot;Dreaming of you&quot; and &quot;Then came you&quot; Jake is also found in few others, Kinley McGregor's Simon can be found In &quot;Master of Desire&quot; and &quot;Born in SIn&quot;  and Julia Quinn's Hero can be found previously in Spendid and Dancing at Midnight.  SO you might feel as if you  have missed something if you pick up there stories here and quite frankly you have missed something.For those of you who have read the other books its always nice to see favorite characters again and find out what happened to those supporting characters you always liked.  A good read leaving you wanting a little bit more.
Having grown up on and loved various versions of the classic Cinderella story, I was immediately drawn to this book because of the new perspective  it offered on the tale -- the mysterious viewpoint of the &quot;ugly  stepsister.&quot;  However, Maguire's excellent take on Cinderella does  more than just reveal the heretofore unseen stepsisters and their complex  histories and personalities.  Framed by the familiar fairy-tale details,  &quot;Confessions&quot; is a thoughtful, sometimes gruesome, very beautiful  meditation on a host of timeless issues:  social class, human psychology,  artistic talent, the role of women, family love, and the nature of beauty.By setting his revised Cinderella tale in the context of  seventeenth-century Dutch merchant-class society, Maguire gives his story  foundations of history and art, lending rich flavor to his sparingly  elegant prose, and giving additional depth to his unusual cast of  characters.  The stepsisters (smart but plain Iris and her simpleton sister  Ruth) and Clara, the lovely and haunted &quot;Cinderling,&quot; are  especially well drawn, in all their various idiosyncrasies; and the  extraordinary love and conflict between them is the most outstanding of the  strong threads carrying the story.In short, Maguire has expertly boiled  this classic fairy tale down to its essence, then rewoven it into something  fantastic, strange, and unforgettable.
This is a terrific read-aloud for little boys, who will giggle through the "alphabet soup". It's a workout to read out loud, though, because of the zany typography and myriad exclamation points expressing the truck's attitude with a capital A. (This book is the reason my boys know what an exclamation point is for!) If you're looking for a gift for a 3-6 year old boy, you will absolutely not go wrong with _I Stink_ or the other McMullan books, especially _I'm Dirty_.
A typically funny Terry Pratchett novel satirizing the Postal Service.  The Patrician of Ank-Morpork figures the only way to reform/modernize the postal service is by putting a devout thief/con-man in charge.  Great fun.
I enjoyed the multi generational perspective offered. The various characters are well developed and each plays an essential role to the plot development. The ending was well thought out and nicely finished the story without feeling trite.
This is the first Chris Crutcher novel I have read and I am eager to read his others.  THE SLEDDING HILL is probably best enjoyed by thoughtful readers who have strong opinions in regard to the need for free thought and the dangers of censorship.  This unusual thought provoking book is readable and accessible to those of average reading ability.  The book is obviously aimed at the teen market but like many of today's children/young adult books can be equally enjoyed by those well beyond high school.
McKee gives a heady combination of common sense and tips that only experience can teach. The only &quot;inside&quot; trick he fails to mention is that &quot;reverse-adapting&quot; a novel from your script (much easier to sell to a publisher) puts you on the fast track to getting (nay, DEMANDING) the right to do the first-draft screenplay adaptation. (Which, obviously, you already have ready to go!) For specific tips on adapting your idea into a highly commercial, salable novel, read &quot;Seven Strategies in Every Best-Seller&quot;--which also gives practical insights into creating compelling characters who appeal to an audience and whom A-list actors want to play.
Those who know me would be shocked, but it's finally happened...I'm speechless.  I just finished this book, and I'm sorely tempted to start it all over again.  I am completely blown away....if Wally Lamb never writes another book, he can rest on his laurels with this one.There is nothing about this book I didn't like...the speaker, the story, the "tone"...intelligently written, yet accessible.  I'm not literate enough to produce enough superlatives about this book, and let it be said, I'm very, very picky!  Don't even think twice...just pick it up and start reading.  From page one, Dominick will dominate your thoughts until you finish, and (I'm guessing, since I JUST finished it) long after.  But you won't be getting my copy...this book has joined the ranks of those few books I call "keepers"....kept and re-read again and again.  My only regret is that the highest rating I can give is five stars...it's worth ten times that.  Thank you, Mr. Lamb....
Interesting to me that the male reviewers seemed to uniformly hate this book!  Settle down, guys--we're not all going to stop shaving and exercising, and if you don't have Paris Hilton panting over you, believe me, it's NOT because of anything Naomi Wolf said!Whatever I may think of the author and her philosophy, as a rule I like a book that makes me see things in ways I hadn't before.  This was one of those books.  I don't agree with everything the author writes, but after borrowing it from the library, I had to buy it for myself so I could write in the margins about all the "a-ha!" moments it prompted.  Sadly for those who like black and white, beauty, like most things, is on a continuum.  People cite Etcoff's "Survival of the Prettiest" in opposition to this book, but if the premises of "Prettiest" were completely true, then after thousands upon thousands of years of evolution, why aren't we all collectively lovely?  Why aren't the women who have the most offspring (ie, the fittest) also the Cindy Crawford clones?  One of my former evolution professors, David Wilson, just published a study showing that people who shared common goals and interests rated each other as more attractive than they rated strangers.I'm short, overweight, and past my prime in years, but I'm evolutionarily fitter than average (3 children), and have a strong husband who is a good provider (the biologically desired currency for males), and he even loves me!--from where I stand, it looks like most women can safely drop a lot of their beauty obsession, and I think Wolf says a lot that would encourage us to.
Eric Hoffer's The True Believer, Thoughts On The Nature Of Mass Movements, was a required text in my high school back in the late fifties. I have just finished re-reading it, and it is as useful and illuminating as it ever was.Hoffer was a longshoreman, a kind of auto-didact, a non-academic thinker and propounder of ideas who found an audience in post-war America, an America which was tired of the terrors of war and sought to understand how such frightening ideologies could get started in the first place. This interest came at the height of Stalin's Soviet Union's early post-war expansionist imperialism, and at the end of Hitler's failed Third Reich. The best thing about The True Believer is that it is an antidote, and a cautionary tale, to these two great tyrannies: how they worked, how they were constructed, and what happens to them.I think that this book is still very pertinent today, especially with regard to the Islamic world's activities against the West. It also exposes the roots and causes of any mass movement, not just political or religious ones. Hoffer sees a continuing thread, a commonality, among all mass movements. How do they attract acolytes? What kind of people do they appeal to? How does the leader of a mass movement keep his adherents in the fold? What are the roots of its disintegration and demise?This book is short. It is also somewhat repetitive, but I found the repetition to be a good tool to keep the reader aligned with the basic elements by restating them again in a slightly different caste each time. I would recommend the reading of this book in conjunction with the reading of any book which seeks to unravel the threads of tyranny and modern-day terrorism that hound our world.One caveat: the book is over fifty years old. Some of it is archaic. There are also some wrong, I think, conclusions about some things. So when you read it, feel free to disagree. It is what makes the book so good. It is possible to pick out flaws yet still benefit from the broad overview put forth by the unredoubtable Hoffer. A good basic book for the reader of history and of the psychology of groups and movements.
Page xi:  &quot;I really hope that some of the people reading this book are not wrestling fans.&quot;  I wasn't a wrestling fan when I began this book.New Year's Eve, 1999.  My boyfriend and I are sharing our very  first New Year's together.  He is reading the Mick Foley book, which he had  just received from amazon.com.  And he's enjoying it so much that I can't  bring myself to ask him to put it down.(He finished before &quot;the  ball dropped&quot; on Time's Square, so I did get my kiss. &lt;g&gt;)And  I began the book on New Year's Day, the first book I read in the year  2000.The book is incredibly well-written.  Its use of proper grammar is  MUCH better than that of many &quot;professionals,&quot; and only had one  typo that I caught.  (I try to read a book a week, so I've got a lot of  basis for comparison.)Mick Foley is constantly entertaining.  His  descriptions, while graphic, are clear to the point of making the reader  feel as though s/he is there.  His LACK of the use of expletives and  explicit sex definitely adds to the story.  I'm actually looking forward to  the next Pay-Per-View because I feel like I'm Mick's friend.Furthermore,  I love the fact that, no matter who Mick is describing, he can always find  at least one nice thing to say about [whomever].  It's relishing to read a  show business autobiography in which the writer is not trashing everyone  whose path he's crossed.If baseball players were as principled as Mick  Foley, I would still be a baseball fan.This book is a delight to read.
This book was required reading in many college Humanities courses in the early 70's. It still may be. This book is really quite deep and more than a bit esoteric. Its philosophies are timeless. All the same, since this book in a most accurate fashion, speaks of human nature, it is extremely informative no matter what time epoch in which it is read. I read this book about once every ten years and I am amazed how reflective it is no matter what events are transpiring at the time. Since human nature has changed little in the last hundred years, the truisms stated by the author are universally applicable. I wish to suggest that if one had read this book before the election, that person very likely would have predicted an Obama victory. The book and the author addresses itself to mass movements. At the same time, one can readily ascertain individual psychology as well as national and even world sociological trends.
OH!!! I just loved this book! Its about to princess sisters who love each other very, very much. One is brave and loves sowrd play and wishes to save Bamarre, and hopes to be a hero. The other is shy and is scared of everything, but loves to sew.There is a horrible sickness flowing arownd the kastel, and Myrel (the barve sister) Catches it! Addi (the shy princess) must find a way to save her be loved sister, Myreel.I garentee that if you love romace, you'll love this book.[....]
I bought this book yesterday and have been unable to put it down!  Actually, it just confirms what I had known already. ...  How can we know all these facts and not ACT!  Thanks Michael - once again - to have the guts and the foresight to show your patriotism by telling the world that indeed the emperor has no clothes on.  A great book that belongs in every bookshelf.  Hopefully the paperback version will be available soon - so everyone can buy it!!!
PATROLAn American in Vietnamauthor:Walter Dean Dyers, 2002Written by Toki 8th graderThis book is about a soldier going into a war in Vietnam to kill his enemy. It take place in Vietnam in a forest around mountains. One thing I like about the book is the pictures because they were cool and nicely painted. Second thing I like about it were the soldiers because they were being sent into a war and the guns were cool. My favorite part in the book was when they call in for a air strike and blow up the place. One thing I dislike about the book were the pictures because they were kind of confusing and you could'nt know what was happening. My favorite character was the soldier because he was fighting and thinking about himself and his enemy.I would of recommend this to my brother because he like soldiers and wars.
You usually think that sequels to books suck (with the exception of harry potter of course). This book proved that wrong. Meg Cabot obviously doesn't get lazy on the job. There was not one boring part of this book. it curioisly kept me hanging on every word. girls whether 9-90 should read this book because it has all sorts of characters that you can relate to.
It was very hard to put down for me and I'm going to re read it.bla bla bla bla bla
This was a Caldecott Medal winner in 1954. I think I got it as a Christmas gift a few years later. I loved it . . .  I could recite it perfectly by the time I was 5 or 6. When my daughter was born, I got another copy, and it became a fast favorite again. It was lost in a move a few years ago, and my daughter, now 16, was mentioning the other day that she wished we hadn't lost it. I came out here to look, hoping that there might be a used copy I could get her for her next birthday, and wonder of wonders, there's a fresh new copy available. I'll have to read it a few times before her birthday, because I don't think she'll let me read it aloud to her anymore. Maybe she'll read it to me when I can't fall asleep.
There are three Mrs. Kimbles who are at the core of this story. Mr. Kimble is not a polygamist, but a serial husband. And, to put it bluntly, he's a selfish jerk. His character is developed, and tolerated, because of the focus on his likeable, albeit tragic three wives and, to a lesser degree, his elder son Charlie.Each Mrs. Kimble is introduced at a different point of the relationship:#1: After he left#2: How they meet, the courtship, the marriage#3: The reunion, of sorts, well into their marriageEach section of this trilogy--if you will--allows the reader to fall in love with the current Mrs. Kimble, and from the onset, one finds it easy to detest Mr. Kimble. This good vs. bad quality makes for a true page-turner, especially because the writing is smooth and the detail wonderful. Overall, a well-told tale.One note: The third Mrs. Kimble, Dinah, recalls the treatment she received from her high school peers, who relentlessly mocked her for a state of Minnesota-shaped birthmark she had covering a good portion of her face. The depth of the feeling the writer evoked brought me to tears. Fine writing such as this makes Mrs. Kimble absolutely worth the time.Michele Cozzens, Author of A Line Between Friends and The Things I Wish I'd Said.
There are some books that don't fit into a 5 star rating.  These would be things like your favorite books, that rate higher than the other ones that you merely enjoyed.  Both Wally Lamb books would fit on this scale.  I am so eagerly awaiting his next book because the past two have been so terrific.When I first read She's Come Undone, I was amazed.  I thought that nothing would be able to come close to being as good as that book is.  Then, I Know This Much is True came out.  I was sceptic about reading it, since it was so expensive in hardcover and was so long.  Plus, could Wally Lamb really keep up the tradition he set for She's Come Undone?Finally, when this came out in trade paper back, I grabbed a chance to read it.  WHOA!  I could not set this book down!  It is a long book-- about 900-something-- but I read it so quickly.  I got through the first 200 in a day, and finished the last 700 the next couple of days, barely setting it down.  And even though I started off thinking about how long the book was, after I completed the final page, I realized how short it seemed and wished that it could be longer.This is the story about two twins.  It is told though the view of Dominick Birdsey as his life slowly falls apart.  His twin brother, Thomas, is schitzophrenic.  Dominick is never fully recovering his mother's death and his wife's divorce.  He begins to talk to Thomas' psychiatrist about Thomas and finds out that the psychiatrist is actually helping him, too.  The un-crazy twin.  This is as much as I could go into the story without ruining it.  I soooooooooo strongly recommend this to anyone who likes Wally Lamb, Oprah's books... hey, basically anyone who likes reading!Enjoy.
Neal Stephenson's latest epic is an exciting, fresh look at cryptography and computers during World War II as well as today. However, this is one tale that could have benefited from a less ornate, more poetic literary  style. Unfortunately it doesn't quite rise to the level of his  "Diamond Age" for literary eloquence. Still it deserves to be  read, if only to study the latest work by one of the best writers writing  about computers and their impact on society today. I can't say I found the  main characters as fascinating as those in his earlier cyberpunk novels.  Those seeking literary eloquence as well as fine ideas will have to turn  elsewhere; most notably to William Gibson.
The Mind and the The Brain is a true testament to the power of human consciousness which is well beyond the mere firing of neurons and chemical activity. The book dives into areas of neurology, sociology, biology, and quantum physics in a fluid and dynamic way. There are case studies on the treatment of physical, emotional, and mental disorders including, OCD, depression, and the effects of stroke.A brilliant discussion of the power of the human spirit (mental force and free will). For decades, scientists discounted results that didn't coincide with current established thought and this book does a wonderful job of presenting research on the power of consciousness. Depending on your views of animal testing, some portions of this book may be a difficult read as some of the most groundbreaking research was done on animals. Those results were also reproduced in humans by trying various experiments on the treatment and rehabilitation of stroke victims.If there were ever a book to read on the relationship between the physical brain and the esoteric mind, this is it. Most scientists tend to shy away or even disparage subjective realities like the mind or consciousness, this book dares to apply science to what is arguably the true final frontier, human consciousness.
I received the book very quickly and in perfect shape. I am in the midst of reading it now and find it very good.
The author, Tom Von Essen, was FDNY Fire Commissioner during 9/11. In Strong of Heart he shares the horrific story of 9/11 but also the brotherhood of firefighters. Although the Commissioner is an appointed role usually filled by someone with limited or no fire industry knowledge, Tom brought 30+ years experience with FDNY to the role, thankfully. He chronicles his career as well as an insider's view to 9/11, the finest recovery effort ever made in the U.S. I had the pleasure of meeting and working with him this week. I can't tell you how impressed I was with his big heart and genuine spirit. A real leader when we needed that. His story is a loud reminder to us and our children that we should never forget the valiant rescue and recovery efforts of FDNY nor the victims and their families.
This book is very difficult to come to terms with during the first part of the novel. However, if the reader continues and finished the book, it at least gives a person a HEA
Michael Moore is Cassandra crying on the steps of the US Capitol. America is in disturbing shape and it's all due to stupid white men because that's who has been running the government forthe last 200 years. The CEOs have taken the country away from the man in the street. This is a funny book, but unfortunately, it's true. As for the other side, they are so busy hating the Clintons, they don't seem to realise their guy is in power. Of course, he stole it so sureptiously, maybe they haven't found out yet.
Michael Johnson, the world class Olympic champion is a "role model" not only to be respected for his feats on and off the track, but also one to be emulated because he is a man of few words and many actions. In his classical understated way, in this book he has left us a sparse but detailed, well thought out plan that can assist anyone serious about the pursuit of a goal to become successful -- whether in sports or some other field of human endeavor.Using his own ups and downs in life and his own pursuit of Olympic track records, as "object examples," Mr. Johnson shows us how it is done; that is, how to slay the dragon of success. His formula is simple: Any success worth having begins with a modicum of talent and a series of well thought out, carefully orchestrated, reasonably achievable, "written down" plans; plans that constitute a step-by-step contract between "us and our goals." Everything else is blood, sweat and tears: that is, hard work, guts, and persistence.However, once the sweat has been turned into a routine, has become habitual and "a matter of fact," the blood and tears can be minimized and the goal can be visualized realistically as the straight line result of a smooth, graduated and predictable "chipping away" at a self-devised and regulated timetable. Although mid-course corrections may be necessary here and there, with a plan, we can always see the light at the end of the tunnel. Success no longer remains in doubt; it is no longer just a random variable operating at the whim of forces entirely beyond our control. The process is the message. In short, when we are in the driver's seat of our own plan of success, a seat that involves an unbreakable contract we have made with ourselves, confidence and success are the surest collateral benefits. Like the night follows the day, both confidence and success come as unforced byproducts of turning long-term thinking into an organizational tool, which harnesses both our mental and physical abilities, and puts them both to the same grinding wheel of a single purpose.This process works because, as is true in "track and field," the difference between abject failure and incredible success in all areas of human endeavor is just a "sliver," always to be measured in fractions of a second. Planning, organization, guts and perseverance are the only ways of separating "winners" from "losers" and at the same time the only way of also amplifying meager talents.  And as the old adage goes, for sure the race does not always go to the swift, but to those who are organized and can tenaciously stick to a plan over the entire course of several racing seasons. That is the only sure way of slaying the dragon.If there is a better more honest plan for success in existence I am, all ears.Five Stars
I was a little nervous when I realized the author's previous endeavors were in screenwriting, and to be honest there were a couple of TV/movie gags... a dream sequence and a round up of how all the character's lives turn out at the end.  But really those things were fine because the whole book felt like a TV show you would not want your mom to catch you watching.  But that only adds to the fun!Sissy Leblanc is a southern housewife in the mid 50's who is looking for a little adventure.  Luckily for her, her old highschool sweetheart just came back to town after 14 years.  The story twists and turns as we discover the secrets in just about everyone's lives in Sissy's hometown of Gentry, Louisiana.  More importantly though Sissy's past is unraveled and we learn just why it is she ended up married to a man she doesn't even really like.Do not be fooled- that is not just a cute title.!  The book is most definitely scandalous and may not be for those who blush easily.  But as a quick, summer read for a girl looking to read about a romantic adventure but not ready to step into one of her own... this does the job well.
*Copy provided by Netgalley for an unbiased review.*The copy I received from Netgalley only had the first chapter, plus extras at the back of the book such as information on the author, interesting facts about the book and the illustrations, games regarding characters, a short glossary, a quiz, etc.; all good ways to get the young reader to keep thinking about the book.  The PDF version looked lovely on my iPad.  Overall, assuming there's a full length version out there, it's a lovely new way to read this classic book - I'll definitely be on the lookout for the full version for my grandkids (hopefully I'll be able to find this Puffin edition in the U.S.).
Julia and her brother, Paul are two perfectly ordinary children who happen to discover a ragdoll in a midden heap.  Julia is sucked up into the mind of the ragdoll who is really a powerful and evil witch.  When Julia and the ragwitch disappear through a ring of fire, Paul bravely follows them.  From then on, "Ragwitch" follows the ancient fairy-tale structure of children versus evil---a `Hansel and Gretel' story where the witch actually devours one of the children.  Garth Nix adds a ferocious edge to Paul and Julia's adventure.  I never knew what was going to happen next.Both children actively oppose the ragwitch, although Julia's situation is far more horrific.  She is wired into the ragwitch's nervous system while the evil, old sorceress shambles from atrocity to atrocity.(Actually, I grew fond of some of her minions, called the Stone Knights.  If you've ever seen the movie, `Monolith Monsters' you'll be able to figure how the Knights pounded into combat).Once Paul is transferred to ragwitch's original world through the ring of fire, he suffers more than his share of perils, including a battle or two.  He finally finds friends and sets out on a quest to locate each of the four Elementals, Wind, Water, Fire, and Earth.  If he can talk a good line, they might help him defeat the ragwitch and her destructive minions.This is my favorite part of `Ragwitch.'  The Elementals are not the usual clich&eacute;d characters found in other fantasies I could mention.  The author expends lots of imagination on them---I was never certain whether Paul was going to succeed in his quest, or die trying.It isn't every boy who gets to meet Mother Earth, while digging for potatoes.I can't remember how I would have handled this horror-fantasy mixture when I was under the drinking age.  The book certainly veers toward the gruesome edge of Young Adult fantasy ---think of it as `Hansel and Gretel' on steroids.
Alderman really was at the forefront of the futuristic sci-fi story of the modern era. It is unbelievable how much this story speaks to the foundations of countless others that have come after.
I'm Gonna Like Me is a cute, engaging and esteem building book that is a pleasure to read.  The age range listed for this is 4-8, but I really think this is one of those books that is a perfect read aloud (especially given that most kids up to age 8 can't read cursive and half the text/font is cursive) for 0-6, kids older than that probably aren't going to be as engaged in the message of the book, as was the case with my kids.  My 6 year old loved it, but my 8 year old didn't enjoy the story as much, though she did enjoy pouring over the pictures with her brother (and reading him the badges and stuff) after the reading and they got a good chuckle out of all the zany and vivid imagery used.In the end, the message given is one that is necessary, especially for younger children and would make for good story time discussion with kids ages 4-6 and maybe a little older...there's nothing intrinsically wrong with you if you get an answer wrong, someone doesn't like you or you get picked last.  The message is that these things don't FEEL so great, but they don't affect who you are or your worth as a person and that is a strong, positive message.  I give it 4 stars, a great message that can't be stressed enough to young children...to appreciate who you are and try all the things you wan to try because even when you're wrong, you learn from it!
