Before reading A Christmas Carol, I automatically gave the book the highest regard probably because I was influenced by the Disney's movie version, at least that's what I thought the book will be like. It didn't turn out to be the case. Admittedly I am a huge fan of Charles Dickens' books and consider David Copperfield one of my favorite books, I felt A Christmas Carol a drastic departure from author's usual style. What I noticed the most in the book is the usage of the many five dollar words (This might be the reason, I realize now, that there are alternate versions of the story and especially in abridged form). Not only those words made the book difficult to read, they helped to provide detachment for me from enjoying the story and being immersed in the tale. What is worse, I simply didn't like the story all that much because I felt my motivation to be lacking when Ebenezer Scrooge was hand-picked for the journey. Thinking of the kind of a person he is, why can't a worthier person be selected? That's why I prefer the tale of It's a Wonderful Life over A Christmas Carol, and it did happen to a better person than Scrooge. One worst part about A Christmas Carol is the force to love Christmas to death. I am not too keen about this approach because it feels too religious in the wrong way. Then again, the entire book was too religious for my taste with a lot of overtones in a spiritual sense. Charles Dickens also gives poverty a role in A Christmas Carol, but I didn't like the part where a character is judged by how he views money as he sees fit. All in all, I found A Christmas Carol a disappointing read, and all of the characters were unmemorable for me.
I have enjoyed many of Anne Tyler's books, particularly, "Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant," "Breathing Lessons" and "Back When We Were Grownups".  "Saint Maybe" was a huge disappointment.  The plot and characters were mediocre at best, and a bizarre religion, The Church of the Second Chance, played a major part in the story. By the end of the book, it had completely taken over.  The Church of the Second Chance fell somewhere between a strict religion and a cult.  Yes, Ian Bedloe was close to a saint for looking after three children for the best part of his life, but why the book was named, "Saint Maybe" is still a mystery to me.  One of the children in Ian's care made reference to Ian as perhaps being "Saint Maybe," but who the heck is Saint Maybe??  The closest I could come up with is "MAYBE you will finish the book... and MAYBE you won't!"
I was forced to read this for a class some years ago and frankly, it's horrid. I found it dull and lacking in any real literary flair. I, an insomniac, fell asleep reading this book. I didn't like the tone, language,  or the plot. The only character I liked was Malcom and he died so I found  the book of little interest.
We are supposed to believe that this character has a remarkable sense of smell. Yet when he kills people, he doesn't smell their urine and feces when they void their bladders and bowels, which many victims would do, in real life. Hokum. Not believable.
a grim story of a man who never learns that taking risks is risky.  a wife who sticks with him and brings their two boys along.  seems to be stegner's own story.
I think that the real point is being missed by asking whether or not C.S. Lewis was racist. The question is, what is the effect of the books on their target audience; namely children between eight and twelve years of age. What will the impact of reading about the Calormene darkies on a child.I read these books when I was eight. As was intended I identified with the boys fighting against evil and treachary in the service of Narnia, etc, etc etc. Then in the middle of "The Last Battle" I hit the word "darkies". And I knew that he was talking about me. There was a sense of betrayal and shame and disbelief. It was a kick in the stomach.As a eight year old black boy, I had no greater world view, nor a concept of a person being the "product of his times." Nor did I understand that he was probably (like it really matters) deriding Arabs and not blacks.Its not a question of whether or not Lewis was a racist. We and our children will read many books that have some sort of bias. There is no help for it. But this man and this body of work was presented to a child as an embodiment of the worth of our society. A body of work that apparently finds some children worthless. That may or not have been his intent, but such an ambiguous message should not be touted as being so unambiguously Christian or so absolutely moral.Setting aside religious and racial issues, this is not a well written book.  Its not horrible, but the narration wanders and unlike the earlier novels, there are no clear personalities between characters.  They tend to speak with one voice; that of the narrator.
Hopefully this snake will eat its own tail.  As a math and science educator, I often need to teach my students about various aspects of logic.  After my first formal logic class I took three more related classes in the philosophy departments at my various universities--and ultimately concluded that mathematicians handled logic far more elegantly--thereby avoiding the pit of "what makes a brick a brick?" crap!Whyte displays intellectual arrogance veiled in a cloak of open inquiry to attempt an existential disproof of God by way of Pascal's wager--give me a break.  The only method of disproof is exhasutive elimination--good luck!Consider the following thought experiment.  Given 1) a computer program whose purpose was to disprove the existence of its programmer, 2) that this is a perfectly logical program (with every data record in existence at its dispoal).  Then the program could conclude that there is only annecdotal evidence for the programmer. Only a programmer that existed as a stand-alone digital construct could be measured and analyzed by every possible test which the program could devise.  The best result such a program could deliver is that there is no quantitative reason to accept or deny the existence of Programmer.  HOWEVER, I need only permit the program to make the very mildest of assumptions to confound the whole thing!  If the program assumed that it could not exist without being created it becomes a creationist or intelligent design program.  On the other hand, if it merely assumes the postulate that there is no higher reality or greater intelligence than itself, then the concept of a programmer becomes absurd.  Note that neither case in any way changes the fact of the programmers existence.The ONLY logical and scientific statement about the origin of our universe and ourselves is that "WE DON'T KNOW."  I'm sorry to paraphrase Carl Sagan as he committed the latter fallacy and was in the latter (an absurd God) case.In our lives, we may believe one thing or another; most of us modify what we believe at least occassionally.  However, our beliefs are only the transient paint coating the grand architecture that is human knowledge!Whyte, and so many of his ilk, have set before themselves an impossible task.  On the one hand, we mustn't call them fools for their ambition.  On the other hand, as honorable and intellectually impartial thinkers we cannot tolerate fallacies--especially in the guise of a mimic species threatening to push an endangered species into extinction.Avoid this elegant yet deceptive philosophy.  Learn logic with a variety of great resources such as Tarski's book (search for other books under "logic" and "critical thinking").  Schaum's outlines, LSAT prep books, boolean logic texts, digital circuit logic, and many great volumes and texts on the subject are worth the time of anyone who is intellectually determined to grasp this subject.  The cover of Whyte's book hearkens back to Peter Sellers' movie "Being There" (1979).  Sadly the book is as devoid of the thing it claims to demand as was the mind of Chance, the simple groundskeeper whose plain words so naturally lent themselves to profound interpretations in that movie.
A colleague made the comment in a meeting recently that people at IBM seem to have substituted acronyms for thinking.  To whatever extent this is true, this book can be used as evidence.  It is as though the authors had a stack of index cards with acronyms written on them and kept moving them around in patterns that made some vague sense at a high level.  Whenever a meaningful phrase can be reduced to a meaningless acronym, they do it.  In other words, it sounds like it was written by their sales force.  Not useful for serious hands-on systems architects.
I really tried but did not enjoy this book at all. Trying to follow all of the historical references was too tedious for me. I couldn't even get interested enough to finish it.
'Death by China' is an embarrassing screed that raises important issues (China's surge into world leadership, and how this is being accomplished), wastes readers' time making numerous invidious and unjustified comparisons with the U.S. instead of learning from China - major reasons why we got into this mess, and then luckily ends up making some good recommendations. Ergo - this is a reluctant and limited recommendation.The 'good news' is that Navarro makes clear that China is attacking on every front, with every available weapon - from protectionism to currency manipulation, with cyber attacks, espionage, luring/forcing American industrialists into selling their (and our) economic etc. future for short-term gain, and quiet acquisition of key resources for the future (energy, ores, food) thrown in as well. The 'bad news' is that our responses have been as damaging as their initiatives -  endless philosophical arguments over the role of government (irrelevant - the real question is 'What works?'), praising and pushing for more 'Free Trade,' dissipating our focus on countless 'other' topics (eg. gay marriage in New York, radio transmission rantings of a SouthWest Airlines pilot about fat stewardesses), continuing to overfund major vested interests (health care, education, defense) that provide poor outcomes while eviscerating our financial strength, and 'excusing' China's amazing strides (vs. our stumbling) through every excuse imaginable.'Death by China' also makes a major effort to make China look bad, per American values. Unfortunately, Navarro's thinking is so blinded by ideological constructs and his apparent need to build conservative credentials that his points become laughable self-delusions. For example, Navarro excoriates China for1)Fraternizing with and supporting dictators and genocidal brutes for their own interests. And the U.S. vs. Libya, Hussein, Saudi Arabia, former Russian states, etc.?2)Creating massive amounts of pollution. But what about the U.S. - creating far more/citizen? And what about China's major effort to reduce said pollution, vs. our mostly doing nothing?3)Providing poor/limited healthcare to many citizens. That's 'rich' - ObamaCare just addressed this, we think; regardless, conservatives are besides themselves trying to see who can denounce it the loudest. Regardless, China is also undertaking major improvements in this area, AND WILL STILL SPEND FAR LESS THAN THE U.S.! (About 5% GDP, vs. our 18.1%, and climbing.)4)Massive numbers of its citizens incarcerated. Well, so do we - the U.S. for drugs, China for politics.5)Lack of democracy! Again, hilarious, if it wasn't so silly. China limits dissent, the U.S. maximizes input - by those with the most money, regardless of factual or helpful content. America is now 'Home of the PACs, SUPERPACs, think-tanks, and biased news - FOX vs. MSNBC.'6)Excessive income inequality. Actually, about equal to that in the U.S. - we're both bad.7)Excessive defense spending. Hypocritical, at best, an outright lie more likely. China spends far less than the U.S., both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of GDP. However, much of what they do spend it on is very effective - asymmetric warfare via relatively low-cost missiles that can easily negate the value of our very high-dollar Navy. (Our response should be to park many of our carriers etc.; instead, we keep on building them.)8)Underhanded spying on military and commercial targets. And we don't?Navarro then really outdoes (embarasses) himself near the end - taking an entire chapter to jump up and down on Fareed Zakharia - labeled a 'China apologist.' Reality - Zakharia may be the best journalist we have. (Thank you India!) Regardless, childish name-calling has no place in this or any other purportedly objective discussion.Bottom-Line: Navarro finally ends, and makes some good suggestions. But the he takes to them is really, really ugly.
There are some things in life that are fairly unpleasant. Some of our sarcastic colleagues say &quot;this is reality&quot; or another scripted (right from television) response, &quot;deal with it.&quot; And in dealing with the unavoidable, this is for the most part true. Somethings are just darn unpleasant, sad, and tearful. They are in our family or our neighborhood and we can't ignore them. They are, in fact, part of life.Now reading is a special joy, at least for me. I read for three reasons. One, the beauty of the word. Everything from James Dickey to Tennyson to The Sonnets to The Book of Common Prayer. The words are melodious, strung together to create an almost  palpable feeling of comfort and enjoyment.Secondly, I read to learn. Harry Truman. Omar Bradley. Phil Sheridan. George Custer. The Battle of Roark's Drift. The 300 Spartans. Things I never learned in school that interest me now.And finally, I read for pleasure. Elizabeth George. Robert Crais. Parker. Lehane. Burke. Conneley.No where in here is a category &quot;to depress myself more than a sharp stick in the eye.&quot;The House of Sand  . . . is the most depressing book I have read in the last 5 years. If it were a movie, I would have walked out. The characters are mean spirited, obsessed, self absorbed  and self destructive. If they were on a train with you, you would get off at the next stop.
The book, as reviewers have noted, is almot unreadable, obscure, complex in stucture. It is important in the development, or decay, of the history of literature. I read on until early in the second part where there occurs the most revolting, obscene, and unnecessary chapter of anh book I know.
I think the trend of trying to place gods, superheroes, and historical figures in modern settings has taken its full course. Phillips "Gods Behaving Badly" seems to ride on the coat tails of such books with overly flat results. Sure, it's clever that Aphrodite is working as a phone sex operator or that Artemis is a dog walker. I enjoy the use of mythology in most cases, but for this novel it's not enough to just continue this formula that centers around a fairly week plot of: 1) the gods and goddesses losing their powers and 2) two mortals falling in love. The mortals at least feel like real characters, but it's not enough to keep my interest in this fairly  shallow book. In fact, the way the Greeks are slowly added to the novel, it seems like a oversimple way to just keep the  novel interesting by adding more characters and fairly flat ones at that.
The mantra of this book is to invest in ETF's, buy on upswing and sell on downswing, which you predict by a set of eight technical indicators which Mr. Masonson calls the "Dashboard".Foretelling the upswing and downswings of market is the Holy Grail to which every quant promises to take you. Just look at the graveyard of quants!Mr. Masonson's GPS to the Holy Grail is his "Dashboard". The eight gauges in his Dashboard are from several sources but most of them from stockcharts web site, by paying monthly subscription.  "...then you may want to subscribe for a year to their $14.95/month service that allows you to save screens and provides many other useful features." (Page 125, para 3).Investing in ETF's makes a lot of sense and I also agree with author when he says "But after many years of mixed results, I've found that mechanical non emotional trading and investing, has the highest probability of making money."  (Page 3 Para 2). He is also probably correct in postulating that "Buy & Hold" is obsolete. Just look at the DOW over the years: until 1987 drop, there was almost progressive increase - the era of buy and hold. Since 1998 the DOW has been dancing all over, with three major recessions.The book has lot of useful information on ETF's and the quantitative indices constituting his Dashboard. But you don't need to buy this book to learn why you should invest in ETF's. The heart of the book is "Dashboard" for which I find no convincing evidence.Here is my criticism of this book:1. There is no proof that this strategy even works. The author has not applied this strategy to historic data and shown any superior returns. On his web site blog he has says "I will be posting the backtested results of late 1998 to the current time and they are quite good.  Over that timeframe there were 20 buy and sell signals, so those signals are not very frequent in most years and more active in other years."  He does not show you the boatloads of money that he made using his strategy, instead he hopes he will make a lot of money.2. There is no easy way to keep track of those eight indicators constituting his "Dashboard". In the book he suggests making a spreadsheet to keep track of the scores on weekly basis by either obtaining the data from several sources or paying subscription to stockcharts. But he does not show any sample spreadsheet either on his website buydonthold or in the book.3. Mr. Masonson Dashboard Sell Signal was -5 on May 31 and -2 on June 3, 2010. These are the calculation on his web site. Are you really prepared to trade based on such a volatile signal?4. All those indicators constituting the Dashboard are very technical - Beyond the understanding of an average lay investor. So much hubris which even most of these professional investors cannot pull together.5. No conflict of interest and financial disclosures: Mr. Masonson recommends lot of web sites, ETF's and other financial products with no disclosure anywhere that he or his family do not hold any financial interest in his recommendations. It is shocking that his publisher FT Press would let this book go by without such ethical disclosures.As evidenced by the statements:"...and I expect to have many profitable years, mainly by avoiding the bear markets and certainly by making better-than-average market returns during the bull markets." (Page 3, para 3);and "in the future, i expect to not only only reap more consistent returns but also avoid bear markets." (Page 3, para 2) -the author himself is not even sure that this works. But he is selling this Snake Oil to others.The author is well familiar with the Amazon review process ""I've posted more than 60 financial book reviews on Amazon" (Page 2, para 2). As of today, ten of the thirteen reviews posted have 5 star ratings, and for most of those 5 star reviewers this is their first or second review!Don't waste your money or time on this hubris from Wall Street charlatan.
For one thing, do not expect to learn anything about &quot;Japanese Business&quot;, which seemed to have played out well for this title commercially in 1975, when Japan was this mysterious Godzilla across the Pacific.Nothing, that is, aside from some pithy insights such as: &quot;Actually japanese companies do not really have a strategic planning capability, they usually have one person, or a few persons, who has/have an intuitive pulse of the market.&quot;Intrigued yet? There's more. You'll learn that strategy is the art of thinking on three major vectors: company based, customer based and competitor based.  You can enjoy a truckload of charts and jargon. You can savor dated explanations of how American companies organize themselves and the anachronisms about Soviet-style central planning (I can recognize a relic when I see one.)Guess I bought an expensive paperweight. Do yourself a favor and ignore the drooling reviews this book has garnered as recently as last month. Look instead for names like Porter, Drucker and Mintzberg.
I followed this book's recommendations, and I very much regret it. If you decide to purchase the book, you'll notice that the stretches recommended here are very bizarre and awkward. I was wary but tried it anyway, against my better judgment, and paid for it. It took two months for my muscles to recover, and during that time, I was in serious pain.Perhaps this regimen works for folks with specific injuries and acute pain. A lot of reviewers here claim that the book has helped them (one of the reasons I tried it in the first place). But for anyone with generalized, persistent pain, I would recommend staying away from this book.
For some reason this book tries very hard to get its audience to be sympathetic to a man who falls in love or so he thinks with a girl he doesn't know. Trying to be faithful to the "Love of his life" he sleeps with every one in his town from widows to 14 year old girls when he is past fifty. Not the type of person I am usually sympathetic for. The main character doesn't have any redeeming qualities except poetic writing but even that is over the top. How can you write thousands of pages of love to a girl you know nothing about except for her name? This book is so unrealistic, the characters are not interesting and the plot keeps getting sided track to events that have no real importance at all. The only likable character (and I say that lightly) dies from a pathetic tragedy that seems at first to be relevant to the plot even if it is unlikely but no that too was just more wasted words. If this is what I can expect from Oprah's list I will steer clear.
I did not know of the editing problems when I selected this book for my sons who are EE & Computer engineering students. After learning of the "typos" like when comparing analog with digital, you can see where it correctly explains the differences between the digitial & analog info. Then it turns around & confuses "analog" with "continuous time" -- which is NOT right! See the other review for this book by William Sommerwerck "grizzled geezer" & the comments there. It's one thing if you KNOW this info & are brushing up. it's complicated enough when you are just trying to learn it all without having to question whether or not the text is accurate! I'm going to look for another book that has been better edited!
I guess I just don't have the attention span for this book.  It's dry...boring, and I think there are probably better books out there on the subject.
Giving this a 2 star because that is to mean "I did not like it" -- does not mean to report anything about what literary value this novel might have to others.I found this lengthy novel filled with cardboard characters, drawn in broad strokes, nothing nuanced or believable.  The narrative voice did not appeal to me, at most times it was omniscient, seeing all that a particular character saw, thought and did.  Then, randomly, a first person in the form of a cousin of some of the characters, dropped in and assumed the role of storyteller, only to disappear in short order.  This provoked a skeptism of the narrative voice, which was difficult to overcome.  Especially given that the narrative voice was repetitive, drawn to long passages of dialogue that seemed not at all like dialogue but more like lectures.  And totally devoid of humor, wit or self-deprecation of any sort.  Story teller took himself far too seriously, in my opinion.Plot was primarily a repetition of symbol after symbol, good vs evil, self torment unbounded.  One driving issue for Steinbeck seeming to revolve around the translation of a verb included in one of the texts included in Old Testament.  Great deal of weight given to whether the verb might give man the option of determining his own destiny, as opposed to the "Presbyterian" idea of pre-determination.  So if you think you would like to spend 600 pages on this issue, and if you believe understanding man's destiny hinges on this translated verb from an ancient writer's text, then this is your book, I suppose.
A false positive is when you attribute the wrong cause to a given effect.  The authors did this big time here.  They attributed Obama's seven percentage point victory solely to his campaign prouesse.  They did not account for the following events that rendered Obama's Presidential election victory inevitable:1) An incumbent party attempting to win a 3d consecutive term.  This has not happened since Reagan - Bush Sr.;2) The incumbent Administration was the most unpopular since Nixon;3) The stock market and the economy crashed, and the financial crisis hit full swing during the months preceding the election; and4) McCain's devastating VP choice (Sarah Palin).  Those four factors accounted for a substantial portion of Obama's seven percentage point victory.  If they were serious social scientists, the authors would have developed a multivariate regression model factoring those economic and historic factors to figure out what would have been Obama's expected (regressed) victory margin.  This is actually relatively easy to do as shown in Ray Fair's excellentPredicting Presidential Elections and Other Things (Stanford Business Books).  Doing so would have allowed them to truly measure the Obama effect.  But, it probably would have taken much wind out of their overhyped arguments.The authors also misrepresented Obama's victory as a landslide.  His popular vote margin at 7.2% over McCain ranks only 19th out of the 28 past Presidential elections.  Focusing on elections since WWII, his margin ranks only 9th out of 16 elections.  Thus, a landslide it was not.Obama is certainly one of the best campaigners ever.  I think his organizational talent were clearly visible during the primaries where he beat a formidable opponent in a true David vs Goliath contest (H. Clinton being Goliath).  But, the authors don't spend much time analyzing this substantial challenge and focus more on the Presidential election where his victory was nearly inevitable.Obama's campaign skills also manifested themselves in his getting the youth vote.  Indeed, his margin here was a staggering 34% (66% vs 32%).  Yet, it is difficult to differentiate how much of this margin is due to him being a youthful, fit, photogenic forty something with a baritone voice competing against someone who looked, sounded, and moved as if he was readier to move into a retirement home rather than the White House.  McCain just did not have a chance with the youth vote.Three out of the four chapters are pretty vapid.  And, they are effectively summarized in just two pages (9 to 11).  There is not a whole lot more to the book, except for the third chapter.The most interesting part of the book is the third chapter focused on Internet based social networking.  It describes how the 24 year old Chris Hughes, the web wizard who co-founded Facebook actually left Facebook to spearhead the web based campaign of Obama.  He designs the website My.barackobama.com.  He creates links and interface with Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, You Tube, among others.  Chris Hughes Internet endeavors prove hugely successful and are in good part responsible for Obama raising twice as much funds as McCain.  It also contributed for a higher voter turnout among the young and a huge voting margin in favor of Obama (66% vs 32% for McCain) within the youth.  The websites create an army of volunteers, fundraisers, advocates, and supporters.  Beyond the election, Obama is retaining this near fanatical energy by transferring all the registered members from  My.barackobama.com to Change.com.  There Obama informs and engage this huge youthful community of millions by soliciting input, and feedback on major issues and sharing much information on programs and initiatives sometimes even ahead of press releases.All the Internet social networking gives Obama a huge head start for the 2012 campaign.  By winning the youth vote and keeping on engaging this demographic he is ensuring his future and the future of his party.  The Republicans are so far behind the curve on this one, it is hard to imagine how they will catch up over the next four years.Maybe this book should have been more about Chris Hughes rather than Obama.  Web based campaigning is where the action is and where the future of political campaigning is taking place.  If the Republicans can't find their own Chris Hughes, they won't stand a chance.The authors lessons for business derived from Obama (& Hughes) campaign strategies are often contrived, stretched, or mundane.  There is no doubt Obama is a superior leader on so many counts.  His character, demeanor, intelligence, and magnanimity turn him into a rare model for leaders and followers alike.  But, deriving really insightful business strategies from such a role model is not easy.  The two authors attempt was not entirely successful.
I usually enjoy books in the self-help genre, but personally if I wrote and sold this book I would be embarrassed to have my name on the cover. This book is bad. I am a proponent of reading, but I think not reading at all may be better than reading this book.The best books I have read on similar topics include real-life examples of people, interviews with people who have successful attitudes or careers, inspirational and motivational stories, etc. This book has none of that (at least within the first 50 pages at which I said enough is enough). Most of what is written is the author's personal theories mixed with fluff, lots and lots of fluff.It is written in a childlike tone. Every few pages the author refers to his website for more information on developing a YES! attitude. And in the first few pages he sells his readers opportunities to market his YES! product. Umm... thanks but no thanks.This is not a good read, the kindle edition is way overpriced, and anyone with discipline and free time could sit down and write a book of this caliber in a week or two based on their life experineces, and in fact it would likely be much, much better.I gave Mr. Gitomer 50 pages to convince me about having a YES! attitude, and what I can say about this book is NO!
I have had such good luck with books I've downloaded lately based on reviews.  I have loved them all, so I stopped bothering to download any samples before buying. That was a mistake.  I regretted buying this book very quickly into reading it, but I continued to read it the entire book because I had purchased it.  I sympathize with Julie (that's an understatement), but the writing style is bizarre.  She adds over-the-top descriptions to people or things that would be better served with a straightforward description. I know she must be dealing with demons, but this book was very painful to read -- and not just because of what she went through.  Her writing style is so overdone (and very strangely so) as to render it counterproductive to her story.  I only wish I had downloaded a sample first, and then I could have saved the $11.99 I spent on this book. That is why I now recommend to others to try the sample and decide for yourself.I was very interested by the description of this memoir.  Having had a good childhood with amazing selfless loving parents, sometimes I take those blessings for granted.  And then when I read that a professor from my alma mater (The University of Alabama) wrote the foreword to this book, that also interested me.  But all my interest was replaced by disappointment as I began reading and painfully continued to read the book.  Maybe she does remember the tiniest details to create her over-the-top descriptions of people and things from her youth, but that seems completely implausible to the extent she does it. They also take away from her story.This is the worst book I've read in a long time and one of the worst books in terms of writing that I've ever read.  The only benefit for me to reading it is that I've resumed downloading samples of some books I am considering rather than impulsively buying the entire book based on reading a few reviews.  So the lesson learned by this book may save me money and time in the future, which is why I wanted to share my experience.  It's not necessary to read samples of all books before investing in them, of course, but I realized (after reading this), that if I have any question about a book, it's safer to start with a sample than to invest in the whole book because I'm one of those people who will read a book once buying it.  Even if you aren't a Kindle reader, you can read the first chapter online.I strongly recommend your downloading a sample and judging for yourself before investing in this book. I know some books don't reveal their greatness (or not-so-greatness) until in later chapters.  You can't tell how they'll be in the first chapter or so.  But this book is one of those where it is apparent from the opening pages how it is, and it remains consistent throughout the whole book.  As much as I hoped it would get better, the opening pages were true to the entire work.  The writing style is what destroys this book for me.  I believe that if you are like me and you do not like the sample, then you will not like the book.  But if you love the sample, then you very well may like the book and should consider getting it.  I believe the sample speaks for itself, and reading it will help you decide whether to purchase it or not.  I wish I had done this, and I just wanted to share my experience with others who are on the fence about getting this book.  Simply try the sample first and then decide for yourself.
I've enjoyed some of Mr. Grisham's works. &quot;The Firm&quot; and &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; for two, and ironically, they translated well into the movies, showcasing a still young Tom Cruise and an equally young Denzel Washington. I can guarantee you this will not happen with &quot;The Summons.&quot;This is a story of the usual hard, cold-hearted father, married to his profession. Having sons but not really wanting them. Willing to put up with them as long as 'Mom' is around, who, darn it all, turns around and dies! Loving his sons (if at all) too little, too late and too silently.Ray Atlee, &quot;the good son,&quot; described as &quot;the Golden Boy&quot; by the younger brother Forrest, whom we learn early on is (deservedly so) &quot;the bad son,&quot; attempts to put his father's penniless estate in order and discovers more than 3 million dollars in boxes! Unaccounted for! Unclaimed! Unmarked! Unexplained!Does Ray turn the money over to the estate that he now has a fiduciary responsibility to protect? Does he share it with his little brother, coming to grips with the fact that while he is successful in appearance, they are both lonely middle-aged men? Will he and his brother, dysfunctional from birth by the same forces yet traveling in different directions, ever unite? Will Ray piece his life together with the fine Kaylie or the even finer ex-wife, Vicki? Will Ray ever get his FAA instrument rating?We know none of these things and we will never know any of these things because Mr. Grisham repeatedly takes us back and forth across rural America, again, and again. And again. The book ends, gratefully, and we come to the same concluusion we came to around the thirtieth page.So, wipe the road dust from your car, take it to the car wash, stretch the kinks out from many 15 hour one-way trips, and be grateful you bought this book in paperback or got it from the library.
I wanted to like this book, but I didn't. This is the first Diana Wynne Jones book I've said that of, but unfortunately not the last. The idea of the "behind-the-scenes" people in a fantasy adventure plotting to get rid of the troublesome types who regularly appear to make their lives a misery in the name of adventure is a great one. This idea had the potential to turn the genre on its head. Unfortunately it was badly handled in the execution.Why do I say this? There are too many characters and too many plot elements, too many things that appear to no good purpose or are suddenly there as a solution to a plot difficulty with no warning to the reader. Mysteries are solved with no clues for the reader to pick up on. It's like the reader has been dumped into a load of stuff they should already know. If Wynne Jones had instead concentrated on developing only a few characters such as Blade and Derk (as the beginning seemed to promise) and fleshing out the setting, the book would have been better for it. It would not have seemed so thin.The other problem I had was with the tone of this book. At one moment it's full of hilarity and pitched at the junior reader's level, at the next it becomes quite disturbingly dark. Are we supposed to assume, for example, that the worst happened to Shona when the soldiers escaped and attacked her? If so, what on earth is that scene, those elements, doing in a book pitched at children?Sorry. Two stars only.
Well I got this over hyped book due to all the great reviews, and it just turned out to be a waste of money. The lead character Clair is a self absorbed twit. She forgets her husband and seems to get used to the idea she had time traveled in about 2 seconds flat and is hot for someone else, a fool who beats her. I couldn't finish this overly long and boring book.
Dope.I've noticed Brad Kernes' other book "How Tiger Does it," perhaps he needs to find different athletes to follow.At 40, I find it embarrassing that the two individuals whom I thought were the two greatest athletes of my generation, are actually complete failures as human beings.  In my 20s I watched both skyrocket to fame, overcome incredible adversity, and at times I even dreamed about doing what they could do.  20 years later, both are remembered more for their failures and I wouldn't trade anything to live either's existence.Of the four qualities listed in the book (positive attitude, clarity of purpose, specialized intelligence, pure confidence), none mention character, truth, wisdom, ethics or truly deep qualities.  In fact, the above qualities could just as easily be applied to Adolf Hitler or Joseph Stalin (I'm not comparing Armstrong to either, just making a point about the lack of character as a quality).  Maybe the template Kernes has created misses what is truly heroic, lasting, and really worth striving for.I don't want to discuss Lance's life, just a book written about how someone who achieved a lot might not be the template that most of us really need to follow.
What a stupid premise for creating a time machine, for research so that an evil genius can create an historically correct theme park?!?!?. Who cares if a theme park is historically accurate? I would think entertaining the audience would be the only idea that mattered and you don't have to go back in time to understand what people would find enjoyable. I for one would have zero, zip, nada desire to go to an historically accurate medieval village. What would you do for fun, stone a witch? Perhaps reveling in ignorance and bathing in filth would be fun activities for some, I'd rather lay on a beach sipping a margarita. And didn't anyone find the industrialist billionaire creating technology to create a themepark just a little bit familiar? This is Jurassic Park with chainmail, and nothing more than a thinly veiled screenplay masquerading as a novel. Of course minor characters die and the "evil" industrialist has his comeuppance. I mean what else could possibly happen in the supremely pop and simplistic universe this "novel" inhabits, nay epitomizes?  If you like junk science bordering on magic, cartoonish plots, one dimensional characters and poor writing, this book's for you.Chrichton just seems to be getting lazier and lazier with each book, content to churn out poorly plotted simplistic stories with nothing more in mind than selling the movie rights. They all seem to devolve into chase and hide, escape, chase and hide action that might translate to the big screen but are dull and predictable to read. Run from the dinosaurs! Run from the nanobots! Run from this book!
This is my introduction to Jack Frost and I didn't enjoy it. Total lack of respect for women.  Is this a British thing calling all females cows?  A more disreputable character I would hate to meet.  I can't find one good thing to say about this author.  The story was way too long and left a lot of holes not filled in.  Course who would have suspected 2 women, but after rounding up everyone Frost could he was bound to stumble on the actual perps.  I have read many, many better mysteries.  Try Anne Perry sometime.  She writes about Dectectives in London too.
This review is for: Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?: Stories (Paperback)Several of these stories in this collection are godawful and unmemorable, even the day after reading them. You find yourself asking, "What was I reading exactly?" Men who piss on their fingers and wash it off with water because the soap bar is too dirty. Men get stoned or accuse other men of stealing with no basis in fact. Men who sneek and peep into other people's homes. Men who want their wives to have smooth asses. Men who accept a date in an anonymous phone call. Young men who live with parents whose lives are a disaster and who spend their time fishing and playing hooky. I couldn't get through the story "Sixty Acres," the details were so thick and humdrum. "What's In Alaska?" had some funny moments, but the story as a whole was pointless. The story "Night School" was just disgusting: a man out of work accepts an offer from two drunk lady-whores and then quits on them the moment he gets to his father's house, leaving them in the cold. "The Collectors" was also disgusting, focusing itself on a washed-up vacuum cleaner salesman and the man at home isn't even the Mr. Slater he's assumed to be. The story "The Student's Wife" was another example of a pointless story and "Put Yourself In My Shoes" was even more pointless because it's simply longer than "The Student's Wife" and deserves no attention. It involves a waiter whose attitude toward his ordinary neighbors is so condescending and sniggling, the reader is ashamed to witness the events described by Carver's vision."Jerry and Maddy and Sam" is about amorality and the vacuity of having no moral standards. The story was so soulless and empty, it was difficult to finish because it was just depressing.The best short story in this collection is "What Do You Do In San Francisco?" At least there is some suspense in the story, of a justifiable nature, too, and the story has the form of a traditional, suspenseful tale. Raymond Carver's visionary qualities are deadening and disgusting. What can you expect from an alcoholic?Honest to God, people!  Why do you want to read this trash?  Because others in the so-called know of literary history told you it's good?  Think for yourselves!
This book doesn't have the pizzaz that I had hoped it would. Good basic styles, but not what I expected.
(Can I say it without sounding sexist? I suppose not.) Yet another self-loathing woman author with a feminist axe to grind.A good author with tremendous control over her art form, but tiresome nevertheless.  The  main character is so self absorbed that everything else is barely two  dimentional.I'd much prefer Alice Munroe for a protrail of individuals  and relationships with depth and solidity. Someone who understands [or  tries to] the world beyond herself.Brookner never opens the door, not  to let heself out or to let others in.
I looked forward to reading this book...gave it 100 pages before schlepping it back to the library unfinished. I'm no writer but I could have done a better job with dialogue and character development. Good story-line given to a lousy writer. (peering over bifocals) Next!
This was my first James Patterson book but because my son-in-law reads him and now my 12 year old grandson has begun reading his "children's" novels I thought I would give it a try.  I got as far as the part where Kyle Craig kills the newswoman for his sexual gratification that I quit!  I can't see where that was necessary or would enhance the plot or develop the bad guy character.  We already knew he was the bad guy.  How disgusting!  I only hope that someone is checking the content of the young people's novels that he writes.  I certainly won't be reading any more OR buying them for my grandson.  This book is going into my garbage can.  I will not even pass it along to others.
Of course, Ahlfor is a great mathematician, he was the one of the two men to receive the the first Fields Medal. From any point of view, he had done what a mathematician can hope even in his wildest dream. But a good mathematician does not mean he would be a good teacher. When I bought this book almost 10 years ago, I was excited!! But I felt disappointed when I read this book. Not only nothing special about this book, the price is exceptionally high!! It costs me 100 U.S dollars, now it is 166!! The price is radiculous!! I agreed with other readers comment using 166 U.S dollars, you can buy both Remmert's book and still has money to reserve. I would recommend either to buy Brown and Churchill's complex variables and applications or David Wunsch' book ( the title is the same ) especially in Asia, if you can get an international edition, the price of both books is about only 50 U.S Dollars!! More important,not only the topics are more thorough than this one, but the style is more inspiring!!!! One digression, why Leonhard Euler is the most popular mathematician, not only he is the four greatest mathematician of all times( with Archimedes, Newton and Gauss ), more important, he is one of the best teacher of all times, think about that, he would  not feel downgraded if he wrote books on elementary level, the reason being that he wanted his mathematical ideaes could be conveyed to all level of readers, no matter you are idiotics or a genius!! That is the reasone why he is the most popular mathematcians of all time. ( I want to stress once more !!!!!!)
While there is some good advice in this book, most of it is generic and applies in good times as bad.  The one key new directive is to focus on cash more than anything else.  This follows clearly if one understands the business fundamentals presented in the author's bookWhat the CEO Wants You to Know : How Your Company Really Works.  Since credit is tighter, and most companies' financials will look worse with declining revenues, getting cash externally will be much more difficult.  The best solution is to work to avoid needing external cash.Another new suggestion is to accept the greater uncertainty by revising budgets more frequently.  By doing so, companies can react more quickly and also keep goals more realistic.  With (unchanging) annual budgets in a very uncertain world, a month or two into the year, the budget may already be impossible, or met, if a turnaround happens sooner than expected.  Either way, persisting with a grossly unrealistic budget for most of a year is not a good idea.Unfortunately these two solid ideas and a little fluff (advice applicable anytime) does not make for compelling book.
I read his previous books and found the info to be the same. Its the law of attraction or the secret all over again. I didn't learn anything new and wasnt impressed.
Extremely trite, sophomoric, flat, and boring. The connection between story lines is weak and anticlimatic. There are so many promising elements of foreshadowing that went nowhere, leaving me feeling cheated. The charcters are one-dimensional and unengaging. Very disappointed. Read Night Circus instead, if you like Magical Realism.
I'm not a Christian, so has no stake on this issue. I'm giving it only one star as it is not an easy book to read and to follow. As a reader, I found the book to be very hard going. There's a lot of names and linkages made through almost a thousand years of history. It's all very dense and impenetratable, which made the argument for the final sensational conclusion ver difficult to grasp. As such I cannot say whether or not I am convinced by the book. If you are interested in this book because of Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, I suggest that you stick to that book because this book will most likely not add or subtract from that story.
Not one of Schaums good books. Skips too many steps in solving problems. Other EE students and also complained about this one. Usually Schaums a safe bet, just not this time.
I'm surprised at the large number of favorable reviews. I was very excited to read this book from the description but ended up disappointed. It started out great - describing what it was like to join the CIA and the training etc. Then it begins to get dense with names and details and the bigger picture gets obscured.There is a whole lot of complaining in the book and when I read a book like this I must always remember that hindsight is 20/20. It is very easy to criticize decisions in the past when the outcomes have already been determined. Nonetheless, the author does present some valid overarching criticisms of the CIA and I'm sure the CIA would do well to heed them.The author does not give a lot of historical context to his situations and I think that hurts the quality of this work.Unless you are a die-hard CIA enthusiast, you may want to pass on this one. There are other better books that expose the CIA.
Maybe there's a good reason Woody Allen hasn't written a book since "Without Feathers," "Getting Even," and "Side Effects" almost thirty years ago. There is no point in arguing about taste in comedy, but in my opinion "Mere Anarchy" is awful. The book is along the same lines as the previous three, so if you liked those you'll like this one. Be warned, however, that this book is very short, so you won't get much for your money. The short stories are again nonsensical, yet with fewer good one-liners than before.
Rabbit Redux is by far the worst of the Rabbit series and for one reason - the character of Skeeter.  Never have I read a book where the author allowed such an annoying character to hijack his story.  What Jar Jar Binks (that annoying character who never shut up)was to Star Wars-The Phantom Menace, Skeeter was to Redux. After a while of putting up with the boring and endless rantings of this character, I began skipping pages. I hate doing that but I had no choice. I found that it didn't matter much anyway - nothing Skeeter said brought anything to this story, nor does it to the following two Rabbit booksThe book was good overall, but why did Updike have to devote so much of the story to Skeeter and his mindless rantings.
I must admit that I'd only decided to read this book after seeing the film.The 'suburban couple' are anything but that : they have none of the insecurities, aspirations or delight in the suburban comforts that such a couple of that era would have had. They are more like a couple of 1950s bohemians who somehow 'compromised' themselves to an ordinary life when the girl fell pregnant and then hate themselves for it.Chapter 1 reads well (otherwise it wouldn't get past any publisher's editor!) and has one good line referring to the odor of fresh loam from the fields coming through the car window as the Wheelers go to the play.I found reading the rest of the book a bit of a labour.Frank's masterly letter to mollify his associates in another division was amusing - and quite real to those familiar with sales managers.The sparring with the institutionalised son of their realtor was very stilted : a blatant case of character creation solely to raise uncomfortable questions.There is another great line when - during one of their less stormy periods - Frank admires April's legs on the couch as she speaks away fluently on some subject : "Never before had beauty grown more purely from truth."But the bulk of the story read like an enauseating mixture of clich&eacute;.Maybe it fell victim of the psycho genre trend of the day, making extreme what one simply wanted to highlight. For sure it focusses far too much on the vie int&eacute;rieure of characters rather than on their real living. The notion that human nature - not least the issues raised when living together - would somehow disappear were they to simply drop out of mainstream job + mortgage lifestyle would never cut it in a novel today.All the same, I share a reaction with a previous reviewer : I have been looking into Yates' other work, expecially the short stories.
Based on all the fantastic reviews, I thought this book would be a great read and particularly helpful before starting nursing school.  It read more like a dissertation and would probably be more useful to clinical nursing instructors or veteran nurses nurses who are unable to articulate their knowledge to nursing students.  So glad this is NOT required reading at my school as a previous reviewers have suggested.  It was dry and I couldn't bring myself to read more than five pages at a time.
Just pay a couple of bucks for one that is decently formatted and has what the description states. NO Table of Contents, NO illustrations, NO navigation.
I have learnt more than a dozen languages by myself, including Hebrew and Norwegian, and I can assure you that this is the worst self-learning book I've ever come across. Although Gaelic is very difficult to pronounce and written in a way that makes French spelling look easy, you wouldn't believe how complicated the first dialogues are and how quickly the people on the recording read the words and sentences right from the start.I was completely discouraged and since the overall presentation is awful and ugly I threw the book in the dustbin in no time. Learning a language in the 21st century should not be a torture, methinks.Don't waste your money on this manual.
It was depressing, and the book dragged.  I think it was dreary and the people involved very depressed.  It dragged in places.
First off, I don't understand why so many people think this book is that good. It was recommended to me that I read this list of books to prepare me for college courses I'm taking; White Noise was one of them.From reading all the positive reviews, I thought it was going to be enjoyable. How wrong I was. Even in the beginning there were these redundant conversations, such as this one on page 22:"Look at the windshield, is that rain or isn't it?"..."Just because it's on the radio doesn't mean we have to suspend belief in the evidence of our senses."..."Is it raining or isn't it?""I wouldn't want to have to say.""What if someone held a gun to your head?""Who, you?""Someone. A man in a trenchcoat and smoky glasses. He holds a gun to your head and says, 'Is it raining or isn't it? All you have to do is tell the truth and I'll put away my gun and take the next flight out of here.'""What truth does he want? Does he want the truth of someone traveling at the speed of light in another galaxy? Does he want the truth of someone in orbit of a neutron star? Maybe if these people could see us through a telescope we might look like we were 2'2" tall and it might be raining yesterday instead of today.""He's holding the gun to YOUR head. He wants your truth.""What good is my truth? What if this guy comes from a planet in a whole different solar system...""His name is Frank J. Smalley and he comes from St. Louis.""He wants to know if it's raining NOW, at this very minute?""Here and now. That's right.""Is there such a thing as now? 'Now' comes and goes as soon as you say it. How can I say it's raining now if your so-called 'now' becomes 'then' as soon as I say it?"If I had realized this book is packed full with those kind of boring,long conversations, I wouldn't have read it in the first place. That conversation was supposed to be between the main character Jack and his fourteen year old son Heinrich.This book bored me to tears until the 38th chapter. There's too much in it that has little or nothing to do with the plot, which is basically about this family's obsessive fear of death. They're so afraid, they aren't even living! Their life is bland! Jack's wife Babette gets her hands on some anti fear drugs and takes them even though she's well aware of the risky side effects. In return, she sleeps with a man she calls "Mr. Gray," and the rest of the novel is Jack searching for more information about the shady character. Overall, I loathed this book with a passion.
This is no Da Vinci Code.  Your time and money is much better spent reading Angels and Demons.  Shame on NY Times for putting it on the front page - it does not even deserve to be in the Book Reviews.
I was very disappointed by this book. I didn't find anything new to it. Murphy doesn't say anything that you can't get from a good essay on visualization and planning. I also didn't like the writing. It comes across as if it were written by a college frat boy.  There are better motivational books out there.
I very much enjoy John Steinbeck's novels. This one disappointed me somewhat, I couldn't get into the main character, maybe too American for me to understand and feel comfortable with.  I will go back to it at a later date.
This book is poorly written and a chore to read. I understand that Managerial Accounting isn't what you'd call "fun reading," but accounting textbooks can be much better than this. The writing is chunky, overly long, and the examples are bland.Update: The more I read this textbook, the less I like it. Take chapter 5, for instance: Cost-Volume-Profit Relationships. This chapter is 25 pages not including the practice problems and it's just incredibly long-winded. While not quite as comprehensive, cliffsnotes actually has a section of CVP Analysis that covers 90% of this chapter at 10% of the length.Take a look at this passage from that chapter, chosen at random:"The term *sales mix* refers to the relative proportions in which a company's products are sold. The idea is to achieve the combination, or mix, that will yield the greatest profits. Most companies have many products, and often these products are not equally profitable. Hence, profits will depend to some extent on the company's sales mix. Profits will be greater if high margin rather than low-margin items make up a relatively large proportion of total sales. Changes in the sales mix can cause perplexing variations in a company's profits. A shift in the sales mix from high-margin items to low-margin items can cause total profits to decrease even though total sales may increase. Conversely, a shift in the sales mix from low-margin items can cause the reverse effect--total profits may increase even though total sales decrease. It is one thing to achieve a particular sales volume; is is quite another to sell the most profitable mix of goods."Here's my own condensed version. I'll let you be the judge: "Some products have higher contribution margins than others. All things equal, selling a greater proportion of these high-contribution goods will increase profits because these goods have low variable costs (i.e. they are inexpensive to produce). Doing this can actually result in lower revenue but greater profit."Am I missing something here?I don't doubt this book's credibility--apparently it's the "gold standard"--but I'm just surprised it has so many positive reviews considering it's mind-numbingly wordy.
I had borrowed the fourth edition of this book from a colleague and couldn't wait until the new edition came out, since I'd purchased a Tungsten E, which wasn't in existence when the older book was published.What a shock when I received the fifth edition. It doesn't include special instructions on any of the Palm or other models, beyond showing pictures of what they look like. This edition is much smaller than the fourth. It doesn't include nearly as much helpful information, and what it does include makes it basically a hard-cover direction book for those who don't want to access the instructions on the CD.The meager "special" applications in the middle of the book weren't very special at all.All in all, it's fine for those new to PDAs. The writing is clear and easy to follow. It offers simple, step-by-step instructions on how to use most of the basic functions of a Palm or other PDA. But it doesn't go beyond that to give a more experienced user ideas on how to improve efficiency with lots of ideas, applications, and examples.I'm going back and order a used copy of the fourth edition. I'll give this one to the Friends of the Library.
I really got excited about this book after reading through the chapter guide.  After reading the first few chapters, I haven't learned anything further than what is implied in the title.  For example, the chapter at the beginning that says you need to start a home business if you don't have one does nothing to tell you how to go about doing this other than you should consider "consulting" or selling stuff from home as a network distributor.  You get the same info from reading the title and brief description of each chapter.  The rest seems to be filler.  In fairness, I will try and get through the rest of the book to make sure I am doing it justice and will update if I feel differently but somehow I doubt that's going to happen.
This book has a great sounding title but is superficial and not especially helpful.  Non-specific and lacking of real detail - make it little more than a cursory introduction to the possibilities.
I found several errors and I really ended up not using the workbook much.  I enjoyed the accompanying textbook but I really would recommend the workbook save your money! It was a required book for our class and I enjoy workbooks and clinical guides that go with textbooks because they summarize information or help you focus on the important parts of chapters but this workbook was more confusing and didn't seem to flow well with the textbook.  Textbook is good workbook not really worth the money.
I must be getting old.  I have no patience for literary works of fiction anymore.  They suck; they're slow and boring and so unentertaining that I want to throw them in the fireplace.  What makes this one so bad is that I'm not sure its even literary.  I've never read Auster before but got a recommendation to start with this one.  It's hard to find any enjoyment in a novel where the main character runs away from society, is tasked to do a hard, endless job, doesn't accomplish it and then kills himself.  Oops, I gave away the ending.  Believe me, read this book and you'd wish the guy would have done it 100 pages ago and saved you all the trouble.  It's not like you're going to learn anything about him, you or life in general--you're just going to be wasting your time.  This one is a real stinker and it doesn't hold up over time.
Although as comprehensive a book on patternmaking as is available, this text is desperately in need of proof reading. Take for example instructions that refer to "Figure 2a" and "Figure 2b" on a page with illustrations labeled "Design 1" and "Design 2". Is "Design 1" actually 2a?  One is left to puzzle out inconsistencies that result from a lack of careful proof reading. A fifth edition, one would hope, would have these issues resolved.
I think I have it figured out. The real secret to writing a blockbuster piece of &quot;literature&quot; nowadays is to introduce a character that usually shows a bit of promise but ends up going nowhere (It's all society's fault. Again.). This character must bring forth complaints and problems to light that perhaps we may overlook in day to day life. But most importantly, and the truly key part...it must be eye-openingly offensive. You must assault the average readers senses, morality, and common sense. The better you accomplish this the more &quot;acclaim&quot; the book will get.Holden Caufield, filled to bursting with teen angst, gets kicked out of his prep school and decides to sort of meander back home over the course of 3 days just before Christmas. His insights during this journey are filled with cynical observations on phony people and the occasional zippy one-liner. What made the book get acclaim no doubt was it's examination of teen problems of the era, but notably it's heavy use of profanity. I've heard profanity in great quantities in my life, but there came a time when reading this that the whole thing just started to get a little overdone. Sort of like hearing Al Gore repeatedly say &quot;Lock Box&quot; during the presidential race in 2000.I'm not a violent person by nature, but I really wanted a few minutes in the ring with Holden after I had to put up with him for a few days. Save for Heathcliff in &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; I cannot think of another literary character that needed a smackdown quite like this guy did. When push came to shove the stuff in this book really wasn't much different from listening to my gangsta-nephew describe how unfair life is to him because my sister won't get him an SUV for his birthday.The idea behind the book showed promise...the execution was terrible and disappointing...as I look back at those times when I was going through my teen years I will say that yes, they were turbulent and filled with feelings of powerlessness to affect my own choices and direction in life. One of the rites of passage into adulthood is to be able to look back at those years and realize that you weren't always right, and were all too often driven by impulse and hormones, and a good dose of confusion. Teen angst is nothing new and will probably be much the same 50 years from now.To those who are about to click on the &quot;This Review didn't help me at all&quot; button, I ask you to view this objectively...is there any real value to experiencing this book? Because hoisting the likes of Holden Caufield on your shoulders and moving forward under his inspiration will likely get you the same place he goes...nowhere.
2 stars because I don't like it. This book does not carry all the information you would need to do the provided homework and review. For example, it would have questions that you were unable to answer because you never saw an example/discussion in the chapter. It's an awful guide.
Larry G. McMillan has written a very large and informative book on options.Yes, it is a very large book and while not a easy read, doesn't require rocket science either. To people who feel that this book is too dry or too boring, perhaps you would rather trade first, lose money and then come back to this book and learn.While this book does discuss the theory of options, it really doesn't offer any real world strategies to use. For that I would recommend The Option Advisor by Bernie Schaeffer and Wall Street Money Machine I, II and III by Wade Cook. These books offer the strategies to make options work and will compliment the theory offered by McMillan.One more point. I have read many of the reviews both supporting this book and bashing it. For the bashers, if you don't want to take the time to read, you shouldn't be trading. For the supporters, how much money have you made following just the theory alone in McMillans book?Options are a strategic investment. Nice book Larry, even if it is dry and long.
I became interested in this book because I expected a morality tale of the art world.  It is that, but this book is a SLOG.  I mean - over 100 pages to describe someone's unhappy childhood with an overreligious and mean-spirited aunt.  Come on.  Just when it started to get interesting,  off it goes into a 50 page account of a drunken New Year's Eve.  Life is too short to waste on boring stuff like this.
To provide a twist for this otherwise commonplace wish-fulfilment fantasy of fated and fateful true love, the author brought in a premise from science fiction. Unfortunately she failed to think through its logical implications. I did not believe for ONE MOMENT that all the people around Henry would really have accepted his condition with quirky or stoic shrugs of their shoulders. And as soon as Henry convinced the All-Knowing Wise Doctor who crops up 1/2 way through the book that he really was a time traveler, I was waiting for a) the FBI to bust down the door and cart him off to a secret mid- to long-term geostrategy planning bunker, or b) the mob / Wall Street Freemasons / other avaricious & immoral organization or individuals to swoop him up and force him to bring back news about the financial markets in the future. Nothing like this happened. Instead, everyone was just like, "Oh, so you're a time traveller," and he was allowed to continue his (predictably) tender and idyllic life with the love interest until the (predictably) tragic ending. Urrgh. Before she embarked on this book, the author should have been forced to read a few science fiction classics that treat this premise in a logically consistent and believable way.
More of a day trader's book. But the principals can be used for all time frames.
Where Are You JP?I really wanted this book to nail it ....but it didn't.Cross Fire Is A Miss Fire!
I found this dissertation to be extremely technical and short of "proof" for its hypotheses. You really have to be a day trader and have plenty of time to track all the methods indicated. So this book and its methods will not work for me.
Two things require comment here.First is the quality of the textbook itself without taking into consideration  the Educational System in which it is written.Secondly I will discuss the book taking into consideration the U.S Educational System.It should be clear to anybody that has opened this book that very little math is explained in it.If somebody is new to the subject they will never ever gain enough insight to be able to complete the exercises.If you are using this textbook for whatever reason ,you might as well just jump to the exercises at the end of the chapter.This is what I mean by downright absurd.It is clear that Rudin never had students in mind when composing this book.In itself the book is an absolute zero.Now we have to look at the book from within the U.S Higher Education system.This book was apparently meant to be used by U.S students in U.S institutions.However this has always been impossible.When a Professor actually required this book for the intro to analysis class in every single case the difficult problems did NOT get assigned as Homework and more importantly did not appear on exams.This is very inappropriate use of a book that is replete with hard problems.Generally speaking what we see today as undergraduate Real Analysis exams in America is a complete joke.It is precisely in this kind of an educational system that books like this do not belong and cannot really be used.An educational system in which students are looked upon as customers and colleges do just about anything to get more tuition dollars in.Even the partial use of such a book in America is high Wishful thinking at best.There is no doubt that a genuine undergraduate Real Analysis course in America would earn every U.S student taking it a solid F.Such a course would have on tests the equivalent of the most difficult problems in Rudin.There would be no curving in such a class also.At the University of California at Berkeley which  houses supposedly  the number one ranked Math Department in the country ,the trend has been in using  much easier texts, like the book by Ross. There are few Professors at Berkeley that do use Rudin's "Principles of Mathematical Analysis"  occasionally, but at least in the case of one professor who had posted class material online, the following "trick" was used.On Homework mostly easy and some intermediate level problems were assigned, however the exams were composed of the most trivial problems I myself could think of .This is how Rudin's "Principles of Mathematical Analysis " is used in America which is sad sad sad and sad.Undergraduate Mathematics has been highly trivialized in America, and especially with the subject of Undergraduate Real Analysis Professors have been playing make belief games for a very long time.It is not at all clear who the intended audience of the difficult exercises in Rudin's "Principles of Mathematical Analysis" is .Is it Space Aliens perhaps?? Although explanations are sorely lacking in this book , the material is real .However even if Rudin had written a readable text with good explanations it would still be too much for the business-oriented highly dysfunctional, failed U.S educational system.
I suppose its bad form to say something negative about a classic like The Sun Also Rises, but to me the book clearly demonstrated the emptiness and futility of living a life without purpose.  I think this book communicates a message about a generation of utterly lost individuals - searching for meaning and significance in the trivial stuff they do, but in the end living lives of despair without true happiness.  Great book to read for that significant life lesson - and the fact that Hemingway writes so well.
I bought this book after many recommendations. It was okay, but kind of just goes on and on. It's a slice of life rather than "a likable character striving towards an appealing goal." It shows life in a poor medical facility in Ethiopia, the politics etc of the time/region, etc. However, I was not really taken by any character particularly. I had to stop reading the book for some reason, and when I returned to my Kindle a few days later I chose to start a different book rather than continue this one. That is perhaps the ultimate review....
I was wondering if I'm not doing something right until I saw another reviewer complaining about luck of annotations. Farther Brown is great - but I was specifically after annotated version - Amazon people - please fix it!
The book opens: a group of high school graduates get together to discuss problems of changes in their lives, and one tells a story that helped his company.  It is a children's story about two mice and two "little people" who live in a maze and have to adapt when the cheese in the maze gets moved to a new location.  The mice look for new cheese immediately, but the little people over-analyze the situation ("his complicated brain with its huge belief system took hold") until one decides to leave to look for new cheese.  His attitude starts to improve, he finds new cheese, and he writes notes on the maze wall for the little person who stays behind.  These notes are called The Writing On The Wall and tell the person who stayed behind what he's learned.  The book closes with the graduates discussing how the story relates to their own lives.This is a terrible little book that I am embarrassed to say was assigned reading in a college course.  There are a constellation of belief systems that revolve around the relationship of valuelessness, lack of personal investment, spontaneity, and happiness.  These include systems like Buddhism, Jean-Jacques-Rousseauianism, materialist nihilism... Who Moved My Cheese? falls in this constellation.  The message of the book is that the only thing in life is following "the cheese," and you'll be happier if you don't get invested in wherever you're currently getting "the cheese," so you can immediately go to where "the cheese" is without looking back.Of course, we know of another tradition of change, represented by Lot's wife, the Exodus, the diaspora, etc.  But that tradition tells us something very different about change, suggests differentiating important from unimportant, and that there are times it is necessary to resist instead of "embracing change."Nietzsche tells us that Judaism is a "slave religion," but the truth is that "the cheese" philosophy is the true slave religion.  It's no mistake that this story takes place in a maze, and the heroes are mice.  The message is that life is just a giant maze, we're all no different from mice, and the sooner you accept that, the happier you'll be.  This is a book for people who don't believe in self-determination and are just cogs in a giant business machine.At the end of the book, one of the high school graduates says that his family-owned chain of mom and pop stores should have been sold off so that he could build a giant supermarket department store to compete with the new "mega-store" in town.  He rejects the idea that there might have been something worth saving, not to mention the possibility of saving it through ingenuity.  His conclusion is to just see which way the wind is blowing and follow along.Another of the high school graduates says that her son was a star swimming champion but that after the family moved for her husband's work, he learned to enjoy skiing instead and now lives happily in Colorado.  But if you want to know what the "embracing change" and "enjoying new cheese" philosophy has done to families, you should readGeneration Me: Why Today's Young Americans Are More Confident, Assertive, Entitled--and More Miserable Than Ever Before.The phrase The Writing On The Wall comes from the story of King Belshazzar, who took sacred cups from the Temple in Jerusalem and used them to drink in honor of the gods of gold and silver.  A ghostly hand appeared in front of him and wrote on the wall "mene, mene, tekel, parshin," meaning that Belshazzar's kingdom would come to an end.  That night, Belshazzar was killed.The author, Spencer Johnson, seems to think that The Writing On The Wall means we should all just go along with whatever life brings, but there are really two other meanings to the story.  First, would Belshazzar have been killed if his people had decided not to believe the writing on the wall?  Second, there some things in life more important than gold, silver, or cheese.  To this book I say "TEKEL: Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting."
I must be the only woman in America who didn't like this book -- I found it superficial and was disappointed that it didn't focus much on her own experiences.  Plus there were some inconsistancies in her writing -  the first time she mentions an incident, it was raining, later in the book, she recalls it being sunny -- minor, but it is sloppy editing.  I read this around the time of my sent. node/lumpectomy/mastectomy surgeries in the fall of 2006.  Went on to have chemo and rads, and I've read some 30 books on BC in an effort to be a well-informed patient.  For my money, I'll takeDr. Susan Love's Breast Book:4th Edition 2005for info, and for personal experience, I liked Katherine Russell Rich'sThe Red Devil: To Hell with Cancer--And Backand Lila Petosi'sDancing With Fear: Tips and Wisdom from Breast Cancer SurvivorsBlessings to those of you who are starting your BC journey.
A selection of my book group, I must confess to being totally underwhelmed by this National Book Award winner. This is the book that cemented Delillo's reputation as one of the modern greats, but I really failed to  see much in beyond some pretty tepid superficial sniping at modern American  culture and lifestyles. Set in a fictional town somewhat akin to  Pittsburgh, the book's hero is a college professor of Hitler studies. It  takes his (and his wife's) fear of death and seemingly tries to tell the  reader that while they are so obsessed with death, they are missing out on  life--in no small part due to all the &quot;white noise&quot; that forms  our popular culture. I never found any of this particularly amusing or  insightful, however I was in the minority of my bookgroup in this one, so  take my opinion with a grain of salt... I guess.
The movie promos looked good so I decided to read the book first. I could not get through this. I got half way through and finally gave up. There is NO plot. Nothing happens. Characters come and go with no real purpose. I feel i wasted a week trying to plough through this.
Hannah Arendt is without question one of the premier political philosophers of the twentieth century. However in this account of the 1961 Eichmann trial in Jerusalem she failed miserably. She failed as a reporter, and even more importantly she failed in moral judgment. She painted a misleading portrait of Eichmann as banal clerk, pathetic ineffectual nothing. But in fact he was an embodiment of human evil. Deborah Lipstadt's recent retelling of the Eichmann trial, and the new evidence relating to what Eichmann actually thought and said at the trial show that he was a calculating deceptive monster whose intention was total extermination of the Jewish people. At the trial he was out to save his life, and so worked to present a false picture of himself.Arendt failed in another area of her study. She in her high- culture arrogance and contempuous attitude toward the leaders of the Jewish councils in Europe- all of whom had completely impossible tasks- i.e. trying to save some portion of the people while dealing with those determined to exterminate them all- showed her own failure in human sympathy.It is painful and ironic that Arendt who so stressed in her writing the faculty of moral judgment showed such a complete absence of moral judgment in writing this work. This work is of a piece with another shameful side of her history. i.e Her pivotal role in rehabilataing the image of her mentor and former lover Heidegger who both identified and acted as a Nazi in the German university world. These two failures of moral judgment put a tremendous stain on her reputation.One more point about her contempt. She showed great contempt for Israel's first Prime Minister and great founding- father Ben - Gurion. She claimed he was making it a 'show- trial'. But before this 'show- trial' the Western world was largely indifferent to the horror of the Shoah. One accomplishment of  this trial did was to make humanity more aware of its own capacity for Evil and Destruction.
Author Carmine Gallo's prior book on Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs had a number of useful points. This book does not - it's simply a presentation of seven so-called principles, beginning with 'Do What You Love,' 'Put a Dent in the Universe,' . . ., and 'Master the Message.' It provides no useful material on developing innovations that create a flourishing company. Just a few useless generalities -
I bought this in hope it would resolve where the "The Hiram Key" left off, however, the whole treasure-under-Rosslyn-Chapel theory remains just that, as permission to excavate was withdrawn for some reason.This book just like previous ones, journeys all over the place. It's main theme appears to be on mankind's past and ongoing relationship with the planet Venus. Terms and customs we use today all relating to the appearance and position of this planet in our early morning skies. This then progresses onto the scientific validity of astrology, and so on it goes...A large portion at the end of this book is "The Masonic Testament" - a compilation of stories "reassembled from across the rituals of the 160 degrees of Freemasonry", adopting "the chapter and verse convention of other testaments"."The Hiram Key" was a good read, full of uncited wild theories. "The Book of Hiram" improves on this by including sources of reference to their quoted research, and yet, still has me scratching my head about what's going on.
This book may have been a breakthrough in its day, 1996, but it's15 years later and the information, although basic and useful, is fundamentally outdated.  The book is seriously repetitive, with too many case history's, not enough information on diet, and not enough organized information.
Tried my hardest to enjoy this book. I continued to find myself skimming than actually reading. Seemed to drag on for too long. I was hoping to be captivated, but was left wanting. Couldn't even finish it. Had to move on to another book to fill the void.
It is impossible to know what was happening in Hoff's life when he sat down to write this book. That is a personal issue for Hoff to work out by himself.What is possible to know is that this book has nothing to do with Taoist philosophy. Or Te. And this is the biggest problem. Many novices will come to the book believing, as Hoff has such a wonderful reputation from his Pooh book, that they are in the hands of a teacher of Taoist philosophy. This is not the case. Hoff spends all of his time venting his spleen, making assertions about those things that vex him.And right there - let's go no further - the book is failing as Hoff is showing he does not practice what he preaches. He is wanting only ideals. He cannot let things be as they are. He feels angry.He has forgotten the teachings of the Tao.
The main theme of this book is about starting a venture business in the IT industry. The author attempts to share her experience in starting a business in the IT industry. In fact the author is very frank and open in sharing her past experiences including some sensational stories. Putting aside the sensational stories, there are some basic self-help embedded in this book. Scattered throughout this book you can find basic tips on getting things done, writing business proposal, securing capital funding, networking and leadership. This book also encourages you to view differently the meaning and context of failure.There are many good books in the market that talks about starting a business venture in the IT industry. This book is not one of them. However, if you prefer some light reading that includes some sensational stories, you could check out this book from the library.
I don't know the author of this book. The only reason I bought the book was that these days I am doing a research on Apple's and especially Steve Jobs' business philosophy. Hence the title obviously attracted, together with five 5-star reviews. I learned that the author is a well-known business reporter but I can confidently say that he does not have a faintest idea about innovation. None at all. I suppose his previous book on Steve Jobs' Presentation Skills was successful, so he wanted to exploit that succeess by writing another stuff on Jobs and chose the subject of innovation.I read the book cover to cover. Here are my comments:1. The book is to a very very large extent based on Steve Jobs' presentations and interviews in the press. No original research And my god, the guy believes he could mine the SECRETS of Jobs' innovation philosophy from these published stuff. What a naive approach and what a lousy result.2. His so-called innovation secrets are mereley romantic mumbo-jumbo like "Sell dreams, not products (woooow), Do what you love (if you love your job then you can innovate!!!!), Put a dent in the universe (yeah, but how?), Kick start your brain.3. I particularly liked this Kick start thing (Doug Hall's Jump Start?). Apparently Steve Jobs took a calligraphy class at college and visited India before Apple. These two things gave him EVERYTHING that he needed on his succesful route to innovation. One of the foolish things I have ever heard. If one is interested in that subject, Frans Johansson's book The Medici Effect is a lot more valuable. But stil event that kind of thinking, that is connecting&creativity; is not enough for corporate innovation.4. I must warn you on one other thing too. Please don not get fooled by the title and assume that this is a book on Apple. Not at all. It is about first introducing a childish and romantic principle on innovation, followed by some quotations from one of Jobs's presentation and/or press interviews, and then going on to cite examples from all sorts of companies like Target, Geek Squad, Zappos, Apt Electronics etc., i.e. the usual innovation example stuff you already see everywhere. You will be surprised to find more stuff on companies other than Apple. For example, you won't be able to find any detailed Apple case as the Zappo case. All case studies are detailed but all Apple stuff is based on what Steve told in his presentations. If you don't believe me just buy the book and see it yourselves.5. The guy does not have the faintest idea about innovation. I believe he runs a PR Company and thinks that the subject of innovation is as easy as PR. I am sorry but innovation is a very serious subject the theorization of which is certainly out of the realm of PR people.6. In the book, you will also love the so-called Jobs' 7th principle: Master the Message. This is apparently a summary of his Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs book. In that chapter you learn that if you can prepare effective PowerPoint presentations and you are good in communicating your messages to people, then you have the capability to innovate. Such a B.....This is a ridiculous book about innovation and it hardly has any Apple-and-Steve Jobs' related hard evidence. It is good read though, if you do not mind the shallowness of the approach and childishness of the principles. I just laughed when I finished the thing. Just laughed.
The first sentence of this book reads "Growth is Inevitable." Read Better not Bigger, by Eben Fodor, which WITH data clearly explains that growth is NOT inevitable. Many nationwide studies say the same. The inevitability of growth is what the growth industry would like us to believe, even with a declining population and a dwindling amount of land. This is a big industry (engineers, contractors, builders, realtors, architects, land use lawyers, surveyors, masons, landscapers and they ALL need us to believe as does this book that growth is inevitable. The new coinage "Smart Growth" is not always so smart. Time to improve what we have, use existing architecture, live in smaller homes and even share our homes as we become empty nesters. The other myth is that growth reduces our taxes. Anybody's taxes going down? When will we and "they" wake up and smell the coffee. As much fun as it has been we can't grow forever. The earth is only so big and air, land and water are not limitless. Like with the economic turndown, we are going to face that we may not have as much in the future. If we build on every parcel of land we won't have any left for recreation. Trees are what absorb all the poisons and give us oxygen. Hmmmm, if I have a choice between a five bedroom house or breathing??? Let me think.
The book is about a French girl who went on to becoming Queen Margaret of England, wife of Henry VI.I've had some expectations about this book - the story was too good to screw up and the autor had written dozens of books before this one.Somehow I knew it was too good to be true.The story is good but the writing.... It is so incerdibly simple, with such a small wocabulary, that it read like one of those tiny books we read in school in English classes, where they take a giant novel like "The Count of Monte Cristo" and compress it to 30 pages.The author suffers, among many other things, from the "tell, not show" syndrom, so sometimes it reads like an encyclopedia entry.One thing made me laugh - talking about childish writing, the are a lot of sentenses like "____ was his friend. He liked ____" or "____ was her enemy. She didn't trust ____".The only thing that came to my mind reading that is Lister reading a book for cats: "See Dick run. Run, Dick, run. Run home,Dick".Perhaps I am the wrong demographic and it is a book for kids but the main reason I would not recommend this for anyone above 10 years old is the complete inabillity of the author to write characters: everything is definitive, everything is black-or-white - those we like, they're our friends, those we hate, they're our enemies. And the title character, Margaret d'Anjou is so very useless, it's a shame to waste words, but I think I shall - I've watched a BBC production of "Henry VI" (I'm currently reading the play itself) with Margaret in it and though I've found her insufferable and vile, she is still more of a character, more of a woman than Plaidy's pathetic attemp at writing a human being.Another one for the "unfinished" pile.
Another argument from neo liberal, laissez faire, pro capital, pro industry, pro deregulation side of the spectrum.We've seen the corrosive and poisonous effects of this kind of economics which views labor as merely a commodity and human beings simply as some organism "maximizing utility". What a pathetic, unrealistic and selfish world view!Author is a staunch opponent of minimum wage increment. He argues that doing so will be counterproductive as some low skilled laborers don't provide enough value to their employers to justify such an increment. This the mechanical, quasi physical world view that is the most unfortunate aspect of neo liberal economics. Human beings have essential needs that are simply not met by the current minimum wage. But neo liberals don't care, they only care for business bottom lines. Among the most outrageous assumptions of neo liberal economics are:* De-regulation leads to dictatorship* Full employment leads to inflationYou can get hints of these biases in this book. Please stay away from it. Instead read works of David Korten and Manfred Max-Neef to better understand the dangerous world we're living in now.
(...)It is neither elegaic, nor lyrical, nor in any sense compelling. I've been reviewing books professionally for 20 years and this is one of the worst I've ever had to plow through. Only 130 pages long, it still manages to be incredibly tedious. Most absurd are comparisons first to Jose Saramago, and, more absurd, to Gabriel Garcia Marquez. I don't have a word strong enough--ludicrous comes up way short--to apply to the assertion that Llamazares is &quot;more lyrical&quot; than Marquez. We all know talk is cheap, so here is an example of the overwrought and image-less writing: &quot;Almost instantaneously, I was filled by an inexplicable inner chill. The house was frozen, heavy with menace, thick with silence and dank cold.&quot;  [Could an outer chill fill anyone?] This is not elegaic, it's cheap gothic--without the fun of suspense or any genuine sense of menace. One line later, &quot;The darkness was absolute, filling my eyes like a curse.&quot; Not only is this badly done, but also, Llamazres already used this metaphor five pages earlier: &quot;I still had the rope with me, tied around my waist, like a rough belt or like a curse.&quot; And he will use it AGAIN later in the novel. Saramago? Marquez? This book is so badly written it is a wonder it was published at all. Llamazares uses the words silence, solitude, shadow, forever, dream, night, soul and memories--among others--so often, you begin to cringe in anticipation. Madness, for example &quot;laid its yellow larvae in my soul&quot; (p. 40). A rope (the one like a curse) &quot;made an inferno of my soul&quot; (p. 38). On p. 25, the curse-like rope made &quot;an abyss of my soul.&quot; Need I go on? These are general and abstract words symptomatic of the writing: it lacks texture, feel, detail, LIFE.Beyond the bad writing, however, there is NO story nor any characters! The narrator spends 130 pages whining about how he's about to die and the village is going to die with him, but we don't know anything else about him. We never see him or his family members (who are mere ciphers, names without anecdtoes or even physical descriptions attached to them) or the town in happier times so we really can't care much what happens to them. NO ONE in the whole book gets a single description. I don't think we even know what the dog looks like. We do see something of the town, but we know nothing, after 130 pages of its history or character. The Macondo of Marquez is more vividly drawn in a single paragraph of '100 Years of Solitude'.Worst of all is the narrator's voice. Far from lyrical or elegaic, it is self-pitying, complaining and incredibly repetitive. If Llamazares only made his observations once (and they are hardly original or thought provoking), the book would be about 50 pages long. By the time you turn the last page, you are thankful, more than anything else, his ordeal--and yours--is over.I found nothing redeeming between these covers and would not have gone past page 5 had I  not been commissioned assignment.You've been warned.
Honestly, I've owned this book since it came out, and it has disappointed me every time I've picked it up. Finally decided to just write a negative review. Wanted to warn everyone else.Consistently, I go to look up something and it's not there. They just constantly gloss over the fundamental things you want to be able to do. For instance, I wanted to break my node templates into separate files. They explain how to do this within a single template, but never talk about doing it with separate files for each page the nodes are going to show in. Then, they skip ahead to how to do this with Views! But wait! I wanted to do it with other pages!Yesterday, I picked up the book trying to figure out something else and had the exact problem. They just skipped over critical pieces of information. So it was of no help at all.Save your money. Get another Drupal book.
I read this for the first time this summer. I never had the chance in high school or college, and figured since I am in my 40s it was something I should read, if for no other reason than to find out what all the fuss was about. I found it repetative, plotless, and well, boring. I really don't consider this to be a great book, or even a particularly good book. Maybe I'm to old.....
Like some others here, I first read this in my late thirties, finding a copy that my wife still had from her school days.  It was completely lost on me.  The narrative was whiny, foul-mouthed and boorish, and I could find no sympathy for the plight of the protagonist, except of course for the mourning of his younger brother.Certainly I get the theme - a young man is forced by himself and the world around him to race headlong into an adult world full of contradictions and broken rules, and come to grips with his lost youth.  Admittedly universal and relevant to some degree for all readers.  I guess once you're through that stage, the angst fades, perhaps even turns to nostalgia, and a character like Holden just becomes one of those slacker kids you no longer care to dissect.Maybe the "classic" designation comes from the extremism - the language, the mental state, the sex, booze, rebellion, etc.  And I guess I could see value in challenging students to find meaning in a non-traditional plot.  It just didn't do it for me though.I think when my kid is a teenager and has to read this for school, I'll give it another shot to foster some conversation, but I won't feel the need to pick it up until then.
I picked up this book thinking that it would turn out to be a real page-turner with some real good puzzles like DaVinci Code (atleast the title page claims it is similar to it). But it turned out to be a boring book with lots of paper wasted on writing about the characters ( what the authors do is not character development but kill time and trees) and less about the actual plot. The actual plot about the book can be condensed to about 150 pages and the rest of the book is pure fluff. The book starts well and then goes downhill. The puzzles are also not to the level of Dan Brown's in DaVinci Code and Angels&Demons. If you like to read how frat boys in Princeton live then pick up this book. If you dont want to read that then stay away. I wish I had done that.
Just finished this book -- interesting topic, but written horribly.  No sub-plots whatsoever.  Many chapters are written as a stream-of-conscienceness and could actually be removed.  The authors attempt to introduce some form of suspense in the final few chapters, but fail in the end to satisfactorily resolve anything, since is ends with the obvious platform setting for next book without regard to appropriately finishing this one.  Not even the codebreaking is explained in an interesting way.  And last but not least, no suprises, no plot twists, no nothing.... sigh.
From the title of this book it sounded really good. When I started reading it it barely kept my interest. The storyline was gruesome but it had no action. I love James Patterson books but this one wasn't his best.
I generally enjoy reading the latest business/investing books when they come out, but this one was quite disappointing at many levels. Far too general, it has that ghost writer feel - and surprise! The "author" had a ghost writer! One of the most bland investing books I've encountered in some time.Here are some other criticisms:1. Too much emphasis on efficient market hypothesis.2. The author doesn't realize that gold is heavily manipulated, and that the Plunge Protection Team took it down as the stock market cratered to herd the Sheeple into Treasuries for a proper fleecing.3. He's in favor of bailouts to failed companies.4. Too much focus on how his system works with bonds - how would the system work with other markets?5. What is a smaller investor to do with this book? Would a larger portfolio manager have anything to gain?Consequently, I'm afraid this book deserves just one star.
Waiting 11 years for a sequel to one of my favorite books was hard enough... when the sequel is poor it's like a slap in the face.  HANNIBAL is a bad book. I can't think of a single  complimentary thing to say about this novel... isn't Thomas Harris a thriller writer? This book is without thrills. It turns the greatest villain of the century into a hero, and then drops him into a bad James Bondish plot (cybernetic pedophile without a face conspires to use pigs to eat off Lector's feet?!?) Endless Italy travelogue, Starling wasted, no Will Graham, needless lesbian mayhem...This should have been the greatest book of the decade, instead it was a bitter pill to swallow. I wasn't asking for the world, just a good, satisfying read. I can't even  believe it's the same author.
This is not the kind of book that I would ever normally chose to read, but I picked it up based on the enthusiastic blurb from Paco Underhill. His bookWhy We Buy: The Science of Shoppinghas been very influential in the public library world (which is where I work), and I thought this book might also have some lessons for those of us in libraryland. Unfortunately, I was completely wrong -- this book is far from being a "practical guide" (as the subtitle promises) to anything, and the focus is so heavily on the grocery/pharmacy retail model that I have a hard time believing it would be very useful to the many other types of retailers who have a much narrower focus (for example, a women's clothing boutique or non-chain shoe store).Instead, the book feels much more like a research paper, spending a great deal of time and energy justifying the research methodology and then wading deep into the statistical data to justify its few recommendations -- recommendations that appear to be very difficult to apply to small-scale retail situations. It also suffers a great deal from poor informational graphics: it's peppered with diagrams that don't really mean anything. I used to work in graphic design and worked with people who spent a lot of time working on diagrams and process charts for reports, and the vast majority of the ones in this book are nonsensical.Ultimately, unless you have a job where you are part of the decision-making in designing store layout and/or product placements in stores that carry a wide range of goods (such as grocery, pharmacy, convenience store, department store), I can't imagine this book being very useful. For that specialized audience, this may be useful, but the book is so poorly written and choppily organized, that even then I'm not sure.
I missed the pubilication date. This was written in the 80s, and it seems like before the computers. I do not know who would use this book, since everything it talks about is now completed by spreadsheets. I would not buy this book for any reason.
Probably the worst book I ever read.  Oh, why you ask?  Because the writing was annoying, the characters shallow, the narration pretentious.  It takes more than snide comments about &quot;life in America these  days&quot; to make a good novel.  Satire is so often on a lowest level of  art, because it presumes to show &quot;us&quot; (whoever &quot;us&quot; is)  how shallow and absurd &quot;our&quot; lives are.  However it completely  misses the mark when the readers life is not shallow, boring or controlled  by what's in the aisles of supermarkets.  Social criticism in literature is  so tedious and common, written so that the &quot;intelligent  observers&quot; can have a generic laugh at &quot;society&quot; and feel  superior.  I am not impressed.
I thought this book would be more about world history, following salt as a narrative. But the book is really about salt. The book does trace salt through history, but it is really about salt and not about the period and how salt fit into the times. So if you are really interested in salt this is a good book, otherwise I would skip.
I found this novel deeply disturbing: are we really meant to sympathize with and care about the oh-so-sensitive alcoholic child-beating male protagonist simply because he is Maori and can blather on about ancestors and sacred spaces ? The destroyed child , progressively more destroyed and brutalized over the course of the novel, stands for what? It appears that the author wants us to approve of his pathetic attachment to his adoptive father....I didn't believe a word of the peculiarly happy ending. The author seems proud of her supposedly innovative style, which didn't seem particulalry innovative to me.
I always begin reading books with a sense of adventure.  It wasn't long before I felt completely lost in a story so banal and so trite that I wondered at my own intelligence since so many people have lauded it.  What have I missed?  Maybe it's the genre, not my favorite at the best of times.  I simply didn't care about Henry and the very precious Clare after a few pages.  My willing suspension of disbelief vanished and maybe has shown up in a different time zone.  I just hope it comes back!
This book is like weak coffee - its 250 pages could be easily condensed to 50, and none of the ideas are earthbreaking - just the opposite, in fact.  Your time would be better spent trading ideas in the teachers' lounge.  The book is also padded with lots of illustrations, speech bubbles and lists that are useless and irritating.  It reminds me of a greengrocer putting his thumb on the scale.  Definitely not worth your time or your money.
First let me say that I liked the book.  For entertainment value I would give it 5 stars.  I read it very quickly - it was easy to read and the story kept me interested.  Also the layout was nice, with little vignettes about survival or pioneering skills interspersed with the underlying story.As you will know by now, it is the journal of a young man who intentionally attempts to "survive" in the wilderness for a long period of time.  He and 2 friends are trained in wilderness survival skills and want to "put them to the test."  The main theme of the book is to recount that experience, with a secondary purpose being to pass along some of their tried and tested woodsman skills.My biggest objection is the misleading title.  It is neither a story about wilderness nor a story about survival.  They are so close to civilization that they have almost daily encounters with the people from the surrounding area.  Assistance in the case of a real emergency was only a shout away.As for survival, well, as the other critics have pointed out, they picked the time and place for their experience so that natural resources would be most abundant and the environment would be most hospitable.  They "cheated" - some more than others - with trips back to civilization for food, shelter, and "comfort."  Much of their time was spent observing nature and doing "crafts" that are useful for pioneering, but not essential for survival.  They did harvest lots of game and fish for sustenance, and these stories are illustrative to a point.They share their ideas, experiences, philosophies and thoughts.  All of this is very entertaining.  I think some of the ethical discussions are the most powerful parts of the story.  I applaud them for doing something that many outdoor-oriented people have considered at one time or another.  I am reminded of a childhood favorite: "My Side of the Mountain (Puffin Modern Classics)" by Jean Craighead George.Unfortunately, with the title, it is possible that some prospective buyers will take this as a guide for how to survive in the wilderness; or that the writers had had an actual wilderness survival experience.  That buyer would be sadly disappointed on both counts.  Rename it Woodland Experience or Pioneering Experience, and you will get my 5 stars.
That was the first thing I remember thinking when reading the book. It was strange. Lyrical. Disjointed. Meandering. The book has been lauded as a masterpiece and I am sure it will be studied for generations. However personally I didn't find it interesting. In fact I thought it was a con. A joke buried in a elaborate set of words that were strung together by a chimpanzee and recorded by Pynchon. Accomplished? It wouldn't be a word I would use. Perhaps the words for me would be clammy and cold.Joyce's Ulysses, another hard book, is worth the time. I think the reader is enriched for the experience of reading it. Gravity's Rainbow not so much. For me anyway. There are other 'hard' books that have a payoff for the hours you pour into them but not this one.
This style of &quot;investing&quot; is already over, and the gossip column speculating style of CNBC and Maria B. the head cheerleader for the bubble is just about done. There are numerous worthwhile books to read about investing in the markets and making money.  Read one if that is your purpose; this is not one of them.
I know this is supposed to be a classic, but to be honest, I didn't find it all that humorous. Worse yet, the main character is amazingly annoying. I realize that this may be the point of the novel, but after about 75 pages, it just started to wear me down.It could be one of those books you just have to be in the right mood for, so I'm putting it aside and might revisit it in a year or two. As for now, it'll sit on my bookshelf among some of the funnier books I've read.
So this book reminds me a lot of Inexcusable by Chris Lynch. I had a strong dislike for Inexcusable. Breathing Underwater had more redeeming qualities in it, but it was still not a favorite of mine.I had an issue with the characters, feeling they never really developed. I wanted to sock Caitlyn in the face pretty much the whole book. I couldn't stand her. Nick was annoying, but decreased slightly in his annoyingness throughout the book. Tom just was an awful friend. Most of the other characters just blended into the wall paper. The only character of the whole book I liked was Mario - who I felt was a really redeemable and good person.The plot was good, but I have read other books in the same situation that I felt were better done. I really did like how the story started in the present moving forward, while also telling readers the past in the form of Nick's journal entries. That was really interesting, as it let the plot to have a bit of a mystery aspect as readers had to piece together the story bit by bit and try to guess what would happen next.This really isn't a book I would suggest, it doesn't even have a pretty cover to make up for some of the contents. It is an alright story, but is definitely not the most well done story in the situation I have read.
The primary informant on Hopi beliefs consulted by Frank Waters was Oswald "White Bear" Fredericks. Oswald was married to a white woman, had been converted to Christianity, and was not a fully initiated Hopi Indian. Thus, as one might expect, many of the traditions reported in this book are inaccurate. See: McLeod, Roxie. Dreams and rumors: a history of "Book of the Hopi". Thesis (M.A.)--Univ. of Colorado, 1994. Pp. 330. MLA. For a more accurate version of Hopi beliefs, try "The Fourth World of the Hopis" by Harold Courlander.
This book is very misleading.  Instead of going into depth over what people who are in debt should do, it follows the author's experience employed by a collection agency.  I really don't have a lot of sympathy for folks who take this kind of job, even if they get ripped off.  Basically, he spends about the last 30 pages telling you stuff you were really hoping the entire book covered, but glosses over it.There are better books out there.
Let me just say that this series was EXCELLENT up to this point, with tons of humor, an intriguing story, and plenty of adventure. Books 1 through 11 were perfect for all ages, and a true delight. But this one left me with a very "meh" feeling.First, there was not as much humor as we've become accustomed to. Snicket's narration isn't as creative or funny as the other books. Also, a major blow to this book's humor is that Sunny has learned to talk, using real words and even full sentences. Therefore, the subtle jokes in her speech, which really hit their stride in books 10 and 11, are almost entirely wiped out. Bummer.The next key ingredient in any Snicket book is the plot. In each book, we usually get a few more tantalizing hints about VFD, plus a standalone story with characters, settings, and conflicts unique to that particular book, such as the lumbermill adventure in book 4, or the apartment complex in book 6. Book 12 does not follow this pattern. Instead, characters from all the other books are pushed together for a reason that is never explained, and the few new ones that are introduced are not fleshed out at all. There doesn't seem to be any coherent plot, either; characters babble on and on, never explaining anything, and often contradicting themselves. In the worst section of the book, a character was introduced, promised the Baudelaires (and, consequently, the readers) answers, proceeded to spout nonsense about an underwater library (huh?), and then was promptly killed (rather gruesomely, parents be warned) in the next chapter. The plot, overall, leaves a bad taste.Finally, this book does not have any of the creative problem-solving that was so fun to read about in the rest of the series. Violet doesn't invent anything, Klaus doesn't research anything, and Sunny doesn't bite (or cook) anything. They seem to float around in a sea of confusion, endlessly pontificating on the nature of good and evil. The struggle between right and wrong is a key theme of this series, of course, but this book takes it too far.Overall, there are only two main reasons to read this book. First, it provides a setup for the last entry, which fans of the series will want to read no matter what. Secondly, the book's setting (the Hotel Denouement) is very clever, and one of the only places where Snicket's uniqueness shines through. Other than that, all I can say is thank goodness it's a quick read, and hopefully the series (like Harry Potter) is just having a misstep before ending with a satisfying bang.
I wanted to like Painted House, but I admit, I found this book way too slow-paced for me. 1/4 way through, I had to give up on it. This book isn't necessarily bad. But it reads like a Steinbeck Americana novel, and having grown up on Steinbeck country, I'm saturated to the gills with novels describing the gritty early days of the 20th century.The protagonist is a young boy who longs to be a baseball star. At the age of 7 he toils in the fields alongside his family and grandparents. Highlights seem to include gossiping about other people in the small town, and listening to the radio. The boy's main interest appear to be a): baseball, and b): curiosity about the laborers his parents hire to harvest cotton.Okay, what I really wanted in the first two hours of listening to this tape, was for something to just HAPPEN. Nothing DOES. The boy just works the farm and dreams of playing baseball. YAWN. (I gather from reading the other reviews, something more serious happens later on, but for me I just could not muster the interest in reading further).Fans of Americana might like Painted House for its gritty depiction of 20th century life. Fans of his legal thrillers might have trouble with the turgid pacing and bland characters, I know I did.
After having heard Prairie Home Companion on the radio for years, I had hopes for this book.Right away it was obvious this volume is derivative of some other greater works of the author.  It's like the rejected portions of the greater works were compiled herein.I kept losing focus and whichever page I turned to, I felt like I had not read it yet, at the same time as feeling that perhaps I had read it but must not have been paying attention.  After a while, I stopped caring, and gave the book away without finishing it - this is rare for me to give up.Even paragraph to paragraph, there is no continuity or connection. Forget chapter to chapter progression.  It's a real hodgepodge of fragments.  What a rip off.On the other hand, I highly, highly recommend Love Me.
Illusions by Richard Bach is a light-weight, not particularly well-written spiritual allegory.  The story concerns a pair of pilots, one of them literally a 'messiah' who has quit his role as such, who fly thrill-seeking customers in their airplanes as they travel across the American countryside.  As they do so, the messiah - Don Shimoda - teaches Richard (with a little help from the 'Messiah's Handbook', and more than a few miracles) the nature of truth, reality and freedom.These teachings include: We are all our own messiahs, all equally 'sons of God', the truth is only found within us.  We 'create' (will) our own reality, and can just as easily change it.  Above all, we are all absolutely free to do whatever we want to do (moral or immoral) because ultimately nothing we do is really 'real'.  We choose everything that happens to us, including happiness and unhappiness.  We owe nothing to no-one.  Finally, we must recognise our essential unity with non-ego 'ultimate reality' (the 'Is', or the 'Mind').  The first three of these teachings I have no problem with.  The others - especially the claim we can alter external reality by the power of our mind - I cannot accept.Bach's ideas are based, first and foremost, on the experience of 'oneness' with the infinite and eternal 'divine' reality mystics of all ages have talked about.  Once you have experienced the merging of your 'self' with this higher 'Self', it is easy to believe you too are infinite.  Essentially you are an immortal 'soul', you believe, and reject any thinking that suggests material limits on your true nature.This is understandable, the result of forgetting (in our present intoxicated state) what it is we have actually experienced.  Instead of an unlimited increase in the power of our mind, union with 'ultimate reality' takes place only when we have completely let go of mind, let go of feeling, let go of self. No-one returns from such a union with a single jot of added ability - natural or otherwise.We can believe, afterwards, we found a truer 'Self' because 'self' (ego), though infinitesimal, was yet present.  What we found, however, was the result of almost totally submerging individual consciousness and volition.  We were not 'becoming' - we were simply 'being'.  In an insightful moment, Bach informs us 'Reality is divinely indifferent...the Is only knows Itself, and us in its likeness, perfect and finished' (p.83).To experience perfect freedom is only to know we are completely, ecstatically alive.  Though we may feel we have touched a higher reality, this in no way indicates we have control over the material world.  Believing we do only takes us farther and farther away from our true selves.Illusions is a reasonably quick read.  The ending is moving.  Though hardly a fleshed out character, Don Shimoda is consistent, sincere and likeable.  But the larger number of his teachings - particularly the notion that our potential is unlimited - will convince only believers.
Maybe I shouldn't be reviewing this book, but I found it so boring I could not get into it.  I found her observations about love to be trivial.  Much of the discussion makes reference to Freud (one of the biggest quacks of the 20th century) and uses an intellectual tone to try to demonstrate unfounded generalities.  Not very informative, not very interesting and not at all scientific.
Author Queijo has collected a vast amount of information about the scientific discoveries that preceded, or were loosely connected to, important changes in medicine (the "breakthroughs").  The ten major chapters address the discovery of medicine itself (Hippocrates), sanitation, germs, anesthesia, X-rays, vaccines, antibiotics, heredity and genetics, drugs for treating mental illness, and alternative medicine.All are interesting topics, and Queijo writes reasonably well.  But the presentation of the book is very strange.  Each chapter includes (1) general discussion about the topic; (2) lengthy factoids, anecdotal stories about strange cases, or speculative musings by the author, all printed in italics; and (3) bold-face, PowerPoint-like subtopics (with discussion) called "Milestones".The "Milestones" are puzzling, to say the least.  First, the subtopic titles don't identify what each "Milestone" actually is.  For example, in the chapter on the discovery of X-rays, "Milestone #2" is "A one-year firestorm and those 'naughty, naughty' rays".  Second, the discussion of each "Milestone" often does not discuss a "milestone" as the word is generally defined (i.e., a significant event or stage in the development of something).  In the X-ray chapter example, "Milestone #2" talks about the reaction of the public and the scientific community, as reported in newspapers and research papers, to the sensational, astounding discovery of rays that can "peek" under clothing and photograph the interior of the human body and other objects.  Perhaps a year of media attention can be seen as a "stage" in the history of X-rays, but it hardly is significant enough to deserve a "milestone" label.  All important discoveries gain a lot of media attention.What the "Milestone" presentation does, is allow the author to find a place in his book, somewhere, for every single medical fact or anecdote that he has uncovered and found to be interesting.  To this author, absolutely everything is interesting, no matter how marginally related it is to the topic that is supposedly under discussion.  This lack of selectiveness seriously detracts from the educational and entertainment value of the book.  Reading it, I was constantly reminded of the old PBS show, "Connections", which unabashedly presented a lightning-fast series of anecdotes about discoveries that had led to other discoveries in other fields that were almost totally unrelated to the field of the original discovery.Although I generally enjoy reading books that popularize the history of science, I found this one confusing and unsatisfying.  For that reason, I rate it at 2 stars, even though the collection of medical history facts and anecdotes and the extensive bibliography are impressive.
Harry Potter has more symbolic meaning than this book. Never read this. BY ALL MEANS.
Many people have already mentioned the lack of characterization in this book and the way Boyle uses the people in this story as symbols rather than actual well rounded human beings, as well as his tendency to overwrite, describing a single event with two or more contradictory similes.However, no has as yet discussed the fact that the depiction of Topanga Canyon in the book is a complete fabrication, leaving me to wonder if the author has ever actually been to Topanga Canyon at all. I have spent a lot of time there over the years and would like to say that there are no gated or ungated subdivisions in the actual Topanga Canyon. The Canyon community consists of individual houses, precariously built into a wild forested valley along Topanga Canyon Boulevard which winds its way for miles and miles through the Topanga mountains, alongside Topanga State Park. It would be impossible to build a housing development in this area because there is not enough flat land to do so. It is sort of like a little hippie village in the mountains. You would never know you are twenty minutes from LA there as everyone goes around in super casual comfortable clothes, unlike the characters in the novel, and rainboots because it is often muddy in all seasons except summer. The people I met in Topanga are by and large later day hippy freethinkers, older surfers, proffesors, musicians, actors, part-time pot growers and the complete opposite of the brand name and status obsessed people of the story. There are people with money there, but you would never think it by the way people act or dress and some of the cars you see around. Topanga is actually probably one of the safest and most tolerant communities in America. I didn't see any mention of Topanga Days, the Topanga Festival or the Topanga parade in the book, which is kind of like a small, better organized Woodstock, all of which are very big deals for a true Topangite or the problems of frequent rocks slides, roads washed out by mud or rain in the winter and the threat of brush fires in summer.I realize that Boyle's aim in creating the book was to show the wide gap between the standards of living of illegal Mexican immigrants and the wealthy whites in Southern California, however his false depiction of Topanga Canyon detracts from the realism of his book and unfairly tars a wonderful community with a very nasty brush.
A book that only strengthens the need for the creation of a zero star rating.That two collegiate level professors would foist this left-leaning, paste-and-cut style, devoid of original thought, red herring laced, loopingly illogical propaganda upon the business world is utterly breathtaking--that a smattering of business colleges actually require it during their course of study is simply inexplicable.Take the disaster offered up as chapter two "Managing Diversity: Releasing Every Employee's Potential" as an example. Here the authors appear to be genuinely concerned for their perceived observation of the declining state of literacy among American college students. For why else would they see fit to actually take the time to define such rarely used, and difficult to understand words like labyrinth (page 42), or literacy (page 45) in-text? How about page forty-three wherein a painfully inept attempt at discussing current and future U.S. population trends is punctuated by a picture of a women holding a pink rifle with the caption underneath it reading,"The gun industry has created pink guns as a way to get women to purchase their products. The industry hopes to increase sales by offering more attractive guns to women. Are you swayed?"As one of the unfortunate few that must trudge through your cardboard bound trash Mr. Kreitner and Mr. Kinicki, to answer your question, yes I am swayed. Your blatant disregard for unbiased information, to say nothing for the actual efficacy of discussing gun ownership in the middle of a piece on demographic trending in a book purportedly about how to run a business, tells me, and likely many others exactly what kind of "professor" you two are and "sways" me like a small ship caught upon a sea of political hyperbole--leaving me nauseous at the thought of both my money and time wasted.Perhaps page forty-eight wherein the inquiring mind can "learn" that women don't play golf because they are "responsible", or the apparent need to cite Charles Barkley on page one hundred ninety-seven. Maybe a vignette that opens Chapter 5 centered around the by-the-bootstraps rise of an illegal immigrant (why the authors needed to emphasize his immigration status will become apparent should you to find yourself locked in the life and death struggle for your sanity and impartiality that is reading this ilk), or in-text examples drawn from the real world that flatly do not match the context of the discussion at hand, or perhaps...meh you know what? I'm actually staring at a page of examples written by myself as I forced my way forward, suffering like a man dragging his badly mangled body across a desert of broken glass when it has dawned on me that: one this book is flat terrible, and two, spending more time trying to convey that is simply pointless. So, buy this at your own peril.
This was the book used for a graduate level mathematical physics course at the University of Houston. Yes, with enough time you can learn the concepts from this book. But I found it far more efficient to check out half a dozen different books on the individual topics: complex analysis, advanced diff. eqns,  group theory, vector analysis and others. The elaboration saved me alot of time. The time saved I used to work additional problems in Arfken. The problems in Arfken are very helpful.
Adam Smith's book "The Wealth of Nations" (1776) pioneered process management by formalizing separation of labor and specialization. Frederick Taylor's book "The Principles of Scientific Management" (1911) pioneered process performance measurement and analysis. These concepts became key for continued progress in various industries that preceded information technology."Rethink" proposes a new concept of process management, better applicable for information processing. The proposed concept drives attention to "whats" in contrast to "hows." The author provides anecdotal evidence of the theory at work but stops short from demonstrating its value quantitatively. The book has no data summaries, such as formula, tables, or charts. The only 4 figures appear in a summary chapter of the key concepts, located on the last 20 pages of the book.The lack of meaningful quantitative analysis makes it difficult to judge the value of the theory or to apply it in practice.
The book is more confusing than the Manual, not very easy to follow.  I keep trying to use it.  Wuldn't recommend.
The fatal flaw of &quot;Who Moved My Cheese&quot; consists in the fact that at no time is the maze in which the characters run viewed as being dangerous. Without this factored into the allegory, it bears no resemblance to real life. Therefore, it cannot be applied effectively.People are often hurt in the maze of life attempting to get from one point to another. If that element of life could be removed, then life becomes as simple as the story in Johnson &amp; Blanchard's book.
It would be nice to give this book a five star review because Mr. Greene is a very good author and has written some wonderful books. Also, it would give me a chance to use adjectives like enchanting, captivating,  mesmerizing, and beautiful. I wonder if they hadn't made a movie out of  this book would all these people really be so hot on it?Well it gets two  stars, and I'd give it one, but I like Mr. Greene and I don't want to  offend his ghost. So now I can use adjectives like self-indulgent,  unrealistic and mainly unbelievable. In his other novels Mr. Greene makes  real, human, believable characters and places them in seedy odd situations.  In 'The End of the Affair' he makes shallow, unsympathetic and painfully  irrational characters and places them in a normal situation. The first  combination works better. Really, if two people are madly in love are we to  believe that they would let a husband or a religion stand between them? Ok,  maybe we're gullible and we believe that, fine. But that's not enough. We  are then suppose to believe that a woman in love with a man she believes to  be dead after a bombing raid makes a promise to a God, that she doesn't  really believe in, that if God lets her lover be alive she will leave him.  The lover turns out to be alive (minus a few teeth) so the woman keeps her  promise (to the God she doesn't believe in) and leaves him on the spot and  doesn't talk to him again for two years. Yea, right. To all the five star  reviewers: I've got a great deal on inflatable dart boards, order now!  Sorry if I'm being cynical. An expatriate vacuum cleaner salesman recruited  by the British secret service sending back drawings of Cuban military  installations which are in fact schematics of vacuum cleaner parts ('Our  Man in Havana')....that I can believe. But the emotional contortions of  Bendix and Sarah, in this book, are beyond me. Maybe Sarah really left him  because he looked 'funny' with that big gap between his teeth.The other  annoying thing about this novel is that it's somewhat autobiographical and  authors making characters out of themselves in a novel is  self-indulgent.That said, this book does contain most of the good  ingredients of Mr. Greene's other novels. He does have a very good writing  style, and he puts in some insights that are subtle and accurate. Here's an  example: &quot;I want men to admire me, but that's a trick you learn at  school - a movement of the eyes, a tone of voice, a touch of the hand on  the shoulder or the head. If they think you admire them, they will admire  you because of your good taste, and when they admire you, you have an  illusion for a moment that there's something to admire.&quot;  So it does  have it's merits, but over all it's not one of his better books. It would  be nice to see a movie of 'The Heart of the Matter' or 'The Power and the  Glory' or even 'Our man in Havana', then people would read those books and  justifiably write five star reviews.
The Grim Grotto (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 11) is a really really stupid book. I dont know why everybody likes this book. I think Lemony Snicket has serious problems. Dont read any of the books in the seiries A Series of Unfortunate Events. All the characters are lame and stupid. I could have wrote a better book. If I had a choice I would give this book 0 stars. Dont read this book.
I usually finish all the books I start, no matter how bad. The Catcher in the Rye has the questionable honor of being the only book I couldn't finish. It was boring and I found the characters annoying to the point they made me furious.
"If this wasn't so rediculous, it'd be even funnier." -- Who Moved My CheeseThis audiobook was given to me, along with a number of other coping-with-trying-times resources, by one of my many middle managers in the midst of a merger.  With an open mind I gave it a shot.  What did I have to loose, except my job?This book is an over-simplistic metaphor for unexpected change that is beyond one's control, in which "cheese" is a symbol of something you want, ie: happiness, security, financial resources.  The message the authors attempt to convey is that your future, success, security, and ultimately happiness is within your control.  While this may be PARTLY true, the tone of the childlike story is so condescending (an unintended byproduct of the tale's simplification, I suspect), one could easily get the feeling it was penned by the committee representing CEOs Happily Unopposed to Bad Behavior (CHUBB).The book amplifies feelings of rejection and betrayal by the faceless "Cheese Removers".  It raises many questions like, "What if I was counting on that cheese for future use", but offers no answer other than you've got to go out and find more "cheese" for yourself, even though everything you had was just taken from you for no apparent reason.  To me (and many others) this was not an inspiring read.  It was painful.This book was destined to be a best seller because, no doubt, it can be ordered by the box-load by those anticipating removing others' cheese.  Sure, the message is a fine one, it's the delivery that flat-out stinks.
Leckie talks about the first time he &#34;shot a Jap.&#34; An ethnic slur like this could be forgiven had the book been written in 1945. But in 1995? Please, it's attitudes like this that result in the horrible wars he writes about.
I just finished reading this book, but only because of our book club; otherwise, I would have put it down long ago. This book is NOT about love! Florentino and Firmina don't love each other (until possibly the end when they finally start getting to know each other.) Florentino just sees her one day and develops an obsession which is NOT love. They exchange love letters, but don't really get to know each other. When she finally sees him face to face she realizes he's a weirdo, and calls it off. (Good for you, Fermina!) Florentino decides to "save himself" for her... by having a lifetime of affairs? Way to "save yourself", you psycho, commitment-phobe, stalker, predator, child-molester, rapist!!!! And don't tell me that "things were different then," that 14 year-olds were fair game: he knew he was molesting a child. He describes the baby games he used: "take off the sweater and put it on the teddy bear, put the shoes on the dolly, give papa a kiss on the tasty dicky-bird." This book makes me sick. I can't believe so many people buy into this. Not to mention it's poorly written! Maybe it loses something in translation from Spanish, but you can't start sentences with "So that..."Book club meets tomorrow, but the other women I've spoken with share my view. If you must read this book, borrow it. Don't waste your own money.
I have tried to make this book work, but it just does NOT do a good job explaining what I need.
I had to read this for a theory class and while many of the concepts mentioned in this book have been classically canonized and should be learned for the sake of knowledge and critical analysis, the actual reading experience is horrendous. Veblen repeats the same things over and over again. Also, contextually, some of these ideas are dated (to me) or at least, seem strange in a country like the U.S. where class distinctions aren't as stark or not structured within the lines of working/lower, middle, and higher class. Consumption culture, however, does resonate directly to our capitalistic system, but Veblen isn't saying anything you didn't know already.
Why are the Oprah book choices so consistently depressing? I don't think one must be continually dragged through the muck in order to see the light. I find it odd that the TV show focuses on more upbeat topics while the books she chooses are such downers.
I hoped this book could sharpen my critical thinking skills. In a sense, the first several chapters may have achieved my objective, because I quickly began wondering wether I knew everything the book might teach me. I do not recommend this book for anyone. Find a better book.
A very badly written book, filled with conjecture, backed up by no research whatsover.  The author blathers on about patterns retracing back to Fib numbers, yet offers no proof other than the occasional &quot;well chosen example.&quot;  In fact, the month I was reading this book, there was an article in Active Trader magazine which went through thousands of charts and showed that retracements do not magically fall to magic numbers.  This book reads like an astrological textbook.Reader after reader talks about how they have had to go through it again and again.  That's because it's a.) poorly written, b.) illogically ordered and c.) the damn charts are often on the wrong page.  And the way this guy draws trendlines -- jeez, they could be anywhere!Color me not impressed.
Author reviewed his own book, which is the currently highest rated review on amazon!! Ugh. Expensive book aimed at exploiting the universities for profit maximization. Structured more for professors who want easy testing and grading than students wishing to learn. Many in the field have to use linux or similar unix systems specifically for embedded software. This book will start you out in the wrong direction, and rely on tools that may not be available. I'm glad people are finally calling out these types of books for what they really are. They cost more than double other actually good books on the subject with the only difference in that they are targeted towards universities. Author writes visual basic books aside from his assembly books. Seems to be someone more associated with programming as an industry than a self respecting programmer contributing to hacker culture.
I don't want to give away the end of the story, but the end might as well be the beginning all over again.  This was, without a doubt, the absolute worst book John Grisham has ever written.  I think he has rested on his laurels long enough and it is time he returned to writing exciting novels or give up the whole thing.  I know I won't buy another of his novels without reading a few reviews first.The &quot;hero&quot; of this book appeared to be a bit slow witted for a professor of a top notch college.  I kept thinking he would get with the program, but he never did.  Imagine running all over the country with a rather large sum of money in garbage bags and or boxes in the trunk of your car.  That is the basics of the book; where will he hide the money next?The plot was silly, the story never lived up to its potential, and the end was the worst.Don't bother to buy the book.  I'm sure there are millions of folks around the country who are carrying it around in the trunk of their car and they will willingly loan it to you.
It is impossible to learn anything from this book. It has a few interviews with HFT traders that are boring and predictable where we learn relevant stuff like how they like to spend time with their families and love wall street the movie. And then it has an historical account of the evolution of electronic trading that is very dry and with the superficiality of daily news. The book "Dark Pools" is a much better choice.
Much like in his novel A Painted House, Grisham is attempting to do more literary style techniques with deeper characters in this novel. Of course, Grisham's long-standing hatred of his previous profession leaks through again along with the usual thinly disguised rants against the excesses as he sees it of the legal system are included. The combination along with an ending that absolutely settles none of the big issues raised in the book combine for a less that satisfactory read.Ray Atlee is the son of a very powerful and distinguished Judge in Clanton, Mississippi. Ray is a professor at a law school in Virginia and has very little dealings with his father. To have any contact, it would be an effort on both parties and neither one seems to be able to do so. Ray's brother, Forrest, is the resident black sheep of the family and constantly in trouble as well as being in and out of drug and alcohol treatment centers. Both brothers have very little contact as well, but the letter from their father changes that.Judge Atlee has summoned the brothers home to discuss the distribution of his estate. The Judge is dying of various ailments including cancer, and knows his end is near. Unfortunately, he miscalculates and is dead when Ray finds him slumped on the couch. Then he finds something else, a secret that no one besides Ray seems to know about. But, Ray soon learns that at least one other person knows about the secret and will stop at nothing for it.I can't reveal what the secret is without blowing this whole mediocre book. Ray becomes obsessed with the secret and this novel is supposed to chronicle how his life changes due to the knowledge and obsession of the secret. While the reader is supposed to emphasize with Ray's mounting desperation, many of his actions seem to be the result of poor planning and ridiculous to the extreme. At the same time, the inner torment and desperation in the character is never adequately carried to the reader and thus the attempt at character development fails.Furthermore, when I read a 456-page novel, I expect the book to end with an actual conclusion. In this case, apparently I was mistaken. While the ends are tidied up nicely and everything is explained for the reader, the issues aren't solved. If anything, it seems like it was set up precisely this way, not to make some literary point, but to serve as the springboard for a sequel. Such a cheap trick by an author, especially of Grisham's supposed caliber, is extremely annoying and serves no other purpose than to annoy his readers.This novel with its various shortcomings is certainly not the novel of A Painted House and nowhere near the action level of his early work such as The Firm.  Instead, this seems to be more the effort of a novelist who has made his millions and is coasting on his name rather than trying to make any real literary efforts.
I have heard that this book was incredible in how it told the story of the conflict in South Africa, and the destruction the Apartheid brought into South Africa. The book turned out to be a symbolic piece of trash. The plot was so tedious it almost made me want to vomit. I thought character development was decent. You were able to see James Jarvis transform from an indoctrinated white man into an understanding one (much like his son). Overall, if you are really interested about the Apartheid, read an autobiography on Nelson Mandela rather than waste away 4 or 5 hours reading this tedium.
Fraya Graffham is a likeable protagonist. Unfortunately, we can't spend much time with her because the narrative shifts from one to another of multiple characters' points of view, making it difficult to develop empathy for any of them. We are forced "into the mind of a killer," a hackneyed, unpleasant device for readers who enjoy a murderer's gruesome and perverted thoughts. Simon Serrailler gets lost in the pile of characters. Hill creates laughably villainous characters from the alternative health community: a psychic surgeon and spiritual counselor. Ostensibly, she attempts to balance them with an acupuncturist who defers to traditional doctors, who are dedicated and altruistic. This wouldn't have smelled so much like an agenda if Hill had, for instance, mentioned the yearly 72,000 deaths in the UK due to medical error, per the UK's Commons health select committee. All in all, conventional, stereotypical characters and plotting. I won't be getting another book by Susan Hill.
I purchased this reviewer for my Praxis PLT exam. However, the explanations are not that extensive. It's good though for those who are going to take the exams and need to review fast.
I just read 579 pages of this aimless prose.  Where do I go to get my time back?Peopled by six amoral, half-drunk fools, this trendy cocktail tells of two incoherent murders (motivated by what again?) and the circumstances surrounding them.  No feeling, no pace, little dramatic tension, this is modern fiction at its self-conscious, flaccid worst. So far from  real life it isn't funny.
First off, let me say that there is very little useful information contained in this book. The only thing I can conclude is that other 2 reviews before mine were done by friends of the author of this book, James Miller.James begins the book with a direct insult to the reader, stating things such as quote "...Beware, however, if you end up enjoying this book, it's not because I wrote it for the purpose of making you happy. I wrote it to maximize my own payoff. I don't care, in any way, about your welfare." He also goes on to arrogantly and blatently say basically that the reader is stupid and that he has much better things to do than to be writing this book.I totally agree...he should not have written this book. It does very little to aid in the understanding of Game Theory and its practical application in real world scenarios. Most of the information contained within the book is either common sense or flat out WRONG, both factually and practically. What is not either wrong or common sense can easily fall into the "worthless trivia" section.Let me give you one of Mr. Miller's examples located on page 8 and 9:Let's say that you are a parent and you are worried about your daughter becoming pregnant. If you threaten your daughter with being kicked out of the house if she becomes pregnant, his basic rationale says that if you love her and she knows it, your threats will be ineffective and she will therefore have no incentive to not become pregnant. However, James points out that the solution to the problem is to demonstrante to your daughter that you in fact do NOT love her which would in turn say to her that you would most definitely make good on your threat of kicking her out of the house in the event she became pregnant.Application of Game Theory? Yes, kindof...but "real world" useful application of Game Theory, no way. You and I both know that in reality, things simply don't work that way between real, living, breathing people. People have feelings and emotions and many of the examples in this book do not take into account what would REALLY happen in the real world.If that is how you view the world, then I can summarize Miller's entire book and examples by saying "The best way to use Game Theory in real world situations is to just think of the best way you can screw other people and be an arrogant SOB"...and if that is true, then I guess Miller is the world's greatest Game Theorist.
I was sooooo disappointed in this "Ending". WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED?  I was singing this series praises until chapter 12 and then I realized much too many answeres were left to be answered.  How would he be able to wrap up 13 great books worth of secrets in a mere two chapters?  Well he didnt.  Yes I get the "some secrets are best left unsolved" crap but if I wanted that I would watch unsolved mysteries.  I WANT ANSWERS!!  I absolutely loved every other book but found this ending to be amazingly unsatisfying and almost thrown together.  (I did cry about Olaf though)  If you want a satisfying series that wraps up loose ends read Deathly Hallows.  Now THAT is an ending!
I can't figure out how the title of the book applies to the story.  The central character is a thoroughly unlikeable man, self-centered  and unsympathetic.  There is an overwhelming amount of description of the weather conditions, all greys and browns and brownish yellows.  Very depressing. I found many spelling errors and some words and items which I had no idea what they were and unusually (for me) had no interest in finding out what they meant.  I kept hoping for a change or turn in the storyline.  From start to finish, a dreary account of the life of dreary self-absorbed man.
The premise was interesting, but the characters were lifeless for me. I didn't care about any of them. There was way too much about college life and not enough about the so-called mystery, although if they had stuck to the mystery the book would have been a fraction of the length. If the mystery/suspense aspect hadn't been hyped so much, I wouldn't have bought this in the first place. I have many books that I read and re-read mainly because I enjoy the quality of writing and the characterizations, but this certainly isn't one of them.The choice of writing in the first person present tense was curious. This works for short stories, but I think this book shows why it doesn't work for novels, at least for me. It made it very difficult to get past the reading process and into the story. I can generally get lost in a story and forget I'm reading, but not with this one.I rarely get rid of books (I have 3700+ around the house), but this one is headed for Goodwill or Half Price.
Like many of the other reviewers, I've been a Marge Piercy fan for years. "He, She & It," "City of Darkness, City of Light,", and "Gone to Soldiers" (not to mention much of her poetry) are books I love and come back to over and over again. As a biracial Jewish woman who is active in politics, I couldn't wait to read this book. Once I started, though, I wish I hadn't. Trite, predicatable, cliched, with characters that are uninteresting, hollow stereotypes, there is nothing to recommend this novel. While I don't agree with some of the other reviewers (I found the college discussion of sex typical, not crude, and in my experience it is true that even non-religious Jews often want their children to marry people who are Jewish), I do agree that this book isn't worth bothering to read. Perhaps if I had been 16 when I read this it would have been engrossing, but this is not a book for an adult audience.
Yuk!!  I felt like I needed to take a week long shower after finishing this book.  I think that the author has been caught up in the Hollywood-ization of his work, and so he simply cranked out the most violent and incomprehensible swill he could come up with to make into an also disgusting movie.  Until this book, I've enjoyed all of Thomas Harris books.  I almost wondered if this was a "[descriptive word] you" to all the greedy movie types.  You know the old--"You want a movie, fine.. I'll give you a stinking movie..." Would have given it zero stars or a negative rating if possible....
I REALLY didn't like this book. I don't know if it was the ambiguity (I usually like a good mystery), but I think it was more that it was the characters. I didn't like her and I didn't like him. I loved Tim O'Brien's writing, and will give the author another chance, but this story just didn't hold any appeal for me.
This book is nothing more than high school level physics with pretty pictures.  I can not recommend this book to anyone.I regret paying money for this book.
Salman Rushdie's 2001 novel FURY is a slim encapsulation of the zeitgeist of the turn of the millennium and surely some of the author's own feelings. As the novel opens at the beginning of the summer of 2000, the Bombay-born and Cambridge-educated Malik Solanka has abandoned his family and his London home for New York. After a fight with his wife, he had entered such a drunken rage that he nearly stabbed her and his child while they slept. Fleeing to this metropolis on the other side of the world, he hopes to calm himself and conquer the fury that has been building within him for years. But the title refers not only to a man's anger, but also to the avenging godesses that punish wrongdoers in Greek myth, and New York with its temptations offers plenty of opportunities for Solanka to call his own furies down on him.FURY is Rushdie's most critically panned novel, but for most of its length I found it a worthwhile read. Its detailed depiction of the year 2000 struck a chord with me, pulling me back to this time of a booming economy, the emergence of the World Wide Web as a major social medium and economic driver, and various celebrity and political scandals. Few foreign authors have so absorbed urban American culture like Rushdie, presenting it authentically (which is already appalling enough) in its depth instead of a superficial stereotype full of misunderstandings. Rushdie's sense of the anger building not only within America but against it was powerfully vindicated after the events of 9/11. But it is interesting to read FURY today and reflect on the fact that America is no longer the indestructible superpower that it was when Rushdie penned the novel. The debacles of Afghanistan and Iraq and the rise of China have diminished the US's power, so there is not quite the same level of fear and hatred. The country's decaying infrastructure and growing unemployment have stripped away some of its appeal, thus there's no longer the same jealousy.Had Rushdie ended FURY about 80% in, I would have rated this highly, but he goes on to introduce two plot twists that weaken the novel immensely. One is a major revelation about the main character's back story that was never foreshadowed and, once dropped like a bombshell into the action, is not taken up in any major way. The other is a shift of the action from New York to a South Pacific island nation rocked by ethnic conflict, a lightly fictionalized version of the troubles in Fiji that year. This last part of the novel is a return to the magical realism characteristic of Rushdie's earlier novels, and it is jarring after the more conventional fiction that preceded it.I would recommend this novel only to Rushdie completists or to readers interested in fictional treatments of these heady times (Rushdie explores some of the same concerns as DeLillo's COSMOPOLIS). I'm feeling very let down by how Rushdie drops the ball just when the reader is feeling a sense of nice closure with the plot, and I'm surprised it got past his editor.
Perhaps just me, but I was totally unable to get into this book. Unfortunately, I was one day late in being able to return it to Amazon, but will be more careful about my options in the future.
I haven't read Hemingway since a mandatory high school assignment, and now I remember why. Just read The Sun Also Rises with my book group, and every one of us was disappointed. Much is ballyhooed about Hemingway's writing, but we all found it painfully choppy and repetitive, with a tendency towards detail that does nothing to further the story.  This distinctive style may appeal to some, as evidenced by many of the previous reviews, and it must have seemed avant garde in the 1920s. But uniqueness does not equal excellence.Hemingway's characters were vapid and unsympathetic--all alcoholics, all self-indulgent, all living without purpose, all socioeconomic and racial snobs. What's to like here? And each of the men is unexplainably infatuated with the same woman, whose only claim to fame is her willingness to cuckold her fiancee with anyone with an XY combination. Okay, okay...you don't always have to like the players, but you have to be able to connect with them on some level.  The consensus was that we'd hate to be trapped in an elevator with any of them, and we came away from the novel feeling that we'd learned nothing about what makes people tick.We did enjoy the chapters that revolved around the bullfights themselves--some really vivid descriptive passages are the reason for my two stars. Otherwise, this was a case of the emperor's new clothes for me--I'll not likely try another Hemingway.
I like Don DeLillo. &quot;White Noise&quot; is among my favorite books of the 1980s. But he really drops the ball here. This book reads like an unrevised first draft. The diamond-hard sentences of &quot;White Noise&quot; have now given way to flaccid stream-of-consciousness mumbling. The plot is similarly unfocused; I kept expecting all these threads to tie together more neatly, but they never do. And the flimsy scenario DeLillo has contrived here can hardly support all these grandiose meditations on contemporary society, which seem forced into the texture of the novel. One soon tires of lengthy scenes in which the characters dilate endlessly upon the social importance of the evening news, while saying things like &quot;I have my own cosmology of pain.&quot; Give DeLillo credit: he has important things to say. The problem is that he's said everything here more memorably in previous books.
I have heard people rave about how wonderful this book is and I must ask...why? Aside from it being written in a style that a teenager speaks, quite annoying frankly, this book was a bore. If there was symbolism, I didn't catch it. As far as characters go, I like Phoebe better than Holden. I wanted to give up on this book after the first two or three chapters but I read on waiting for the excitement to begin. Needless to say, I was disappointed.
This is without a doubt the least enjoyable novel I've read in a long time.  It came highly recommended, so I slogged through, waiting for it to get better.  It never did.
bought it for a class because I had to, not because I wanted too. the book makes me mad with all the blame being put on teachers for ell students failing.
This books is full of nothing, void, nada. It was recommended to me by a fellow trader who had HEARD it was insightful. It's no more insightful than the information you can gather on google. Pick a method, stick to it, enter every trade opportunity that you see. That's, in a nutshell. But you have to leaf through pages and pages of boring data to get to the disappointing core. I wish I could return it.
I like a challenging novel with a complicated plot, but this book for me crossed the line into hopelessly confusing and I put it down halfway through.  Maybe I just didn't care for the characters enough to put the energy into figuring it out.
I read an article comparing Don Delillo and Chuck Palahniuk's writing style.  What an awful comparision.  I have read two Delillo books and both have been dreadfully boring.In White Noise the characters are annoying and the conversations are awful.  The book seems to have very little purpose and goes no where.  If this is one of the great books of the 80's, I will not be reading any more books from the 80's.
As with many modern English books of history, this one is nicely written but fails in what I assume to be the key purpose of a survey history:  to tell us what happened and the context for it.  We get a lot of both in this  book but they are combined in an impresionistic flow.  Events in three  different centuries are addressed in the same paragraph which gives context  but forecloses any chronological progression. In other sections, events are  described in detail but with little context.  Mr. Goodwin also assumes a  great deal of knowledge on the part of the reader.  As one of the very many  who know little of the Empire, I felt constantly behind the curve, much  like I would attending a graduate lecture on the topic.  I would take  something away, and might enjoy the presentation, but much of what I heard  would be lost.And it has no good maps.
There's little of the fun and adventure that's in Books 1-12. As a series, I would rate the earlier books 3.5 to 4 stars (they are rather formulaic).  The End is an amazingly long book for having so little plot and development.  The main characters seem phlegmatic and there is little interplay between them that helps us understand their struggles and choices.  It seems that they and Lemony are exhausted and tired of the whole series.  I, for one, am glad it's over, because it has lost its spark and energy. The run-on philosophical ramblings which were entertaining the first few books have grown old.  My child, who has enjoyed the wordplay, adventure and irony in the first 12 books, was also very disappointed. We interrupted the reading of the latest Artemis Fowl book to read The End when it was released. We were happy to return to Artemis Fowl for a more exciting reading experience but sorry that this series ended with such a fizzle.  My son is convinced that it is a marketing ploy for another book.  I don't know about that, but we do agree that we've had enough.
I'm a huge Olivia Goldsmith fan. I reread _First_Wives_Club_ from time to time, and I adore _Bestseller_. I even keep copies of her lesser works around, on the theory that there will be another long winter night when I need some high-quality mind-candy to keep me company in front of the fire. This book, however, went to the used bookstore as soon as I finished it. And even finishing it was a struggle.What's wrong with this book? A better question would be what's right about this book, and the answer to that is &quot;not much&quot;. Basically, the writing style is fluent and the first 70 pages are enjoyable. My specific quibbles with the book are:-- shoddy research: you cannot fly from Tacoma to Seattle, since the Seattle-Tacoma International airport serves Seattle AND Tacoma-- more shoddy research: people in Seattle talk about locations in it by neighborhood name, not by intersection-- more shoddy research: the Mother's Day journey Jon undertakes is almost certainly not possible on a bicycle-- more shoddy research: Jon's experience at a high tech powerhouse is unlike anyone's experience at any high tech powerhouse I have ever worked at, heard about from employees, or can imagine-- still more shoddy research: what kind of newspaper reporter gets to work regular hours, let alone never be at work? what kind of full-time newspaper writer produces only four or five fluff pieces in a several-month period?(All this shoddy research makes me wonder why she bothered to set a book in a location and setting she knew nothing about.)More things that are wrong with this book:-- stupid plotlines, unresolved issues and weird digressions-- unlikable, unbelievable, unrealistic characters-- a foreshortened ending, which was entirely unsatisfying and unbelievable(All of which makes me wonder why she wrote it so fast, so short, and so poorly.)I'm sorry I bothered to finish the book. I only did so because I just couldn't bring myself to believe that Olivia Goldsmith could write such a bad book. But she could, and she did. I will be buying her next book in paperback. I hope it's better than this one.
Having found this book abandoned in a hotel lobby, I thought it might be fast paced and interesting.  Boy, was I wrong!This story wanderrs aimlessly without recognizable organization.  My mistake was to read the first hundred pages hoping it would improve, as I was desperate for something to read - it didn't.  Why it was published, I have no idea.After looking at the author's bios, I realized they were two kids fresh out of college with no life experiences.  It shows.Don't buy this one!
Those that can, do!Those that can't, teach.Those that can't teach do a lot of talking (pitching).Ask yourself: Has Covel ever presented his trading &#34;success&#34;? My answer is no.Ask yourself: Has Covel ever identified a student of his that has significant documented success and credits the methods learned from Covel? My answer is no.Ask yourself: Has Covel ever made a trade? I don't know and I have tried to know.Ask yourself: What has Covel established that he can do besides conduct an interview and write about it? Nothing that I know of.In Trend Following Covel tells you what he is going to tell you, tells you, and then tells you what he has told you. If you are slow to absorb a point of view then this is the book for you.
I wanted to like this book.  I'd read some high praise for it, and I am interested in Native American culture and authors, and I've lived in Arizona all my life.  But it was boring.  I had to force myself to finish it.  I also found it hostile to white people.  I understand that there are reasons for such hostility, but as a person who is primarily white, but who has some Native American ancestry and much respect for Native American culture, it offended me.
There are basically two methods to signing with your baby.  The one introduced in this book and teaching regular (usually American) Sign Language (see Joseph Garcia's videos & books for babies/parents).  The creators of "Baby Signs" spend a lot of time explaining the benefits and the process of baby signing,  as well as include some suggestions for signs (very clearly illustrated) and an FAQ.  Since ASL signs are often too complex for infants to perform, Baby Signs suggests that you and your baby simply "wing it" as you go making use of teachable moments throughout the day and invent your own signs -essentially your own language.We used Baby Signs until we realized its major flaw and limitation: we would have to teach each and every relative and caregiver this special language we created. Since we were also enrolling in our son in a daycare staffed by teachers fluent in ASL, our son would be very confused...which is why we switched over to Joseph Garcia's method.  I finally realized how pointless Baby Signs is when my son began performing his own easier adapted versions of ASL. However,  since we constantly perform the correct sign back to him, he is learning to perform the proper signs for things. We also have a handy chart and reference book for caregivers (and for us) that came with the Garcia set. Educators have created all kinds of supplementary materials for teaching ASL to babies - posters, flashcards, videos, books, reference charts, etc. etc.  There is even a free online ASL dictionary where you can see an actual person performing the sign. If you use Baby Signs, remember -there is NO video and you will have to make all of your own charts and flashcards, and try to remember all of the various signs yourself.In my opinion,  Baby Signs is the equivalent of teaching and permitting your child to use baby-talk indefinitely (when it is well-established that you should continue using the correct word despite whatever versions of words your child uses).  Baby Signs is the equivalent of, for example, accepting that your toddler can't say bottle, only "ba-ba" and then using and reinforcing this word yourself,  never teaching the correct word.  It is like allowing your child's invented baby-talk to become the standard vocabulary of the household.  Just like we as parents, understand our child's "ba-ba" for bottle, you will make out whichever ASL sign your child is attempting as well.  It's just really silly to waste your time creating a whole system of language on the basis that ASL is too complex for infants - since they simplify ASL for themselves anyway.  ASL also offers all the same benefits of Baby Signs and more (increased IQ, advanced verbal ability, less fits and tantrums, etc. etc.), but your child is actually learning a second language with which to communicate with the rest of the world. Hope this helps in your decision!
What a laughable book.  Despite having been debunked before the 1970s even ENDED, people persist on saying this book is based on true events.  Well, to a point it is.  There was a mass murder in the house on Ocean Avenue in 1974, and a family by the name of Lutz did move into the house in December of 1975 and then leave after 28 days but that's about the extent of the truth.  Had this book told of the strange "events" that the Lutz's allegedly encountered in an exciting manner, it would have been more enjoyable.  As it is, what we're stuck with is a book that's surprisingly dull for long stretches and lacks the real punch that a ghost story could have; this failing also infected the sluggish 1979 film version. The dialogue is poorly written and the book still has typos from the original printing.  Read it for the historical perspective but don't expect an especially great read.
Warning potential spoilers here.I really enjoyed the first three-fourths of this novel. Perhaps this explains why the final portion was such a let-down. The author creates an interesting three-level mystery: a literary puzzle involving a mysterious medieval text, a strange interactive computer game, and an enigmatic British aristocratic couple.There are evidently connections between the three parts, and I was looking forward to finding out what they were. Some links were obliquely revealed, but most were not, so we are left with three chunks of a story that didn't really fit together. Also, perhaps most annoyingly, the final motivations of most of the main characters were left unstated, as if their reasons for doing what they did were irrelevant. This had the effect trivializing everything that happened before.The book ends on a certain note and I was left wondering "Who? What? Where? Why? Especially, Why? Is this a the first of a new sub-genre in the mystery-thriller category in which nothing really gets resolved and characters act with no apparent motivation?
Reflects the era in which it was written but personally I found it very hard to relate to both the story lines and stilted Victorian English.
I wanted to love this book, since I'd like to read my sons a book which would inspire them to write poetry, but I know they will think the book is stupid and trite (such that reading it to them will have an effect OPPOSITE of that which I intend) so no, I'm not going to read it to them.First, I cannot stand children's books which trade in stereotype, and this book begins with the stereotype that "boys don't write poetry."  Honestly I can't even call this a stereotype because it is so historically inaccurate that I doubt enough people believe it for it to earn the classification of 'stereotype'! Males dominate the field of poetry even up to the present day (though yes there are now many well-known female poets).  To name only a few:  William Shakespeare, William Blake, John Milton, Alexander Pope, William Wordsworth, John Keats, Edgar Allen Poe, Lord Alfred Tennyson, Walt Whitman, Thomas Hardy, A. E. Housman, Robert Frost, Wallace Stevens, Wlliam Carlos Williams, Ezra Pound, T. S. Eliot, e. e. cummings, Langston Hughes, W. H. Auden, Dylan Thomas, Robert Lowell, Philip Larkin, Allen Ginsberg, Ted Hughes, Seamus Heaney, Gary Soto, WALTER DEAN MYERS (I list him only because 'Love That Dog' features him so prominently).  This list is far from exhaustive.Similarly, we recently watched the documentary 'Loud As A Bomb' about an East Coast poetry slam competition, and the majority of the poets who compete are teen males. Just saying.Second, my fifth grade son just read Beverly Cleary's 'Dear Mr. Henshaw' and 'Love that Dog' is so clearly Sharon Creech's attempt to mimic the success of 'Dear Mr. Henshaw' (by writing her own pale imitation) that I know he will see the connection and wonder whether Sharon Creech isn't guilty of plagarizing Cleary's IDEAS (if not exact verbiage).  'Love that Dog' doesn't even begin to be in the same league as 'Dear Mr. Henshaw,' and I abhor writers/movie producers/etc. who try to ride the coattails of others' success by making B-rated imitations.  I assume Sharon Creech's Newbery Award winning 'Walk Two Moons' is a book worthy of the award (I have not yet read it) but I am ashamed of her as an author after reading 'Love That Dog.'Third, I agree with one Kid's Review (a one star review) that the "kiss up" in the book to Walter Dean Myers is overkill in the extreme.  It honestly got sickening to read.  Walter Dean Myers is not "one of the greatest poets who has ever lived," which is what this book implies; indeed, the Walter Dean Myers poem included in the book is nothing better than an average child's ditty.  One wonders what favor Sharon Creech owed Walter Dean Myers which made her fawn over him so excessively -- IDK.Fourth, it bothers me that every thought this boy writes down is considered "poetry" just because it is written in short lines -- confirming the inaccurate observation he himself makes at the beginning of the book:  "Any words can be a poem.  You've just go to make short lines."  I don't want my sons to think that poetry is that banal and requires no effort or genuine thought to compose!  Along these lines, I have noticed (as a homeschooling parent who has reviewed many, many books on teaching poetry to children) that much to do is made over William Carlos Williams' poem The Red Wheelbarrow:  "so much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens."  Okay, I can appreciate that he has created a nice visual image, and that possibly this image is the key to some important incident or recollection in his life.  But that would make this an excellent first stanza of a poem, not a complete poem in and of itself.  It's like watching the preview of a movie but never being allowed to see the movie itself.  A Tease.Personally I think Williams is a great con artist:  I think he figured out that too many people equate 'mystery' with 'importance' . . . i.e., if something is 'mysterious' enough, then it MUST be important (worthy of reverence, embodying a great truth).  Combine that with The Emporer's New Clothes Syndrome (i.e., "I don't understand this, but I assume that is because I lack the intellectual depth to understand it -- so I will praise it excessively and pretend I understand so as not to appear stupid") and WHALLA! you have the secret of The Red Wheelbarrow's success (in my opinion).I segue so extensively into a discussion of The Red Wheelbarrow only because it is the first poem the boy in 'Love That Dog' considers, and the book seems to indicate that the only reason why he did not appreciate it as great poetry at the beginning of the book is because he had not yet undergone the "transformation" of his thinking which leads him to love poetry (especially the poetry of Walter Dean Myers).Fifth and finally, this book manipulates children's emotions by having the boy's dog get killed by a car (this is the major plot point of the book).  Ms. Creech, that is such a cheap shot way to get young readers to respond ("be moved") by your book.  We all hate adult movies which do this to adults, but then (for some reason) seem to have no problem when a children's author does it to a child.  Shock value is no substitute to a genuine plot or story, Ms. Creech.
Liked it OK. Decent for a desk reference but not much practical use.  Being somewhat new to Product Management the PM for Dummies was a much more helpful book for me.
I picked the book off a manager's shelf to get an overview and fill some time.  It does give an overview if one just accepts, can get past, cheerleading as argument and apparently incorrect statistical presentation.  The author says early on that Six Sigma is an extension and refinement of quality programs, but then thereafter claims it's unrelated and totally different than those, as if he is chanting a mantra, without offering any meaningful explanation as to how.  Not long after, he explains the basic statistics of calculating error rates, standard deviations, tolerances and such, but then it gets dicey: a key formula is written incorrectly (parenthesis are not used where they should be) and the forumla and text explanation do not correspond.  Moreover, his more important calculations are not shown and I wasn't able to reproduce them based on the information provided (does 6-Sigma mean 6 x the standard deviation, as stated, or 6 standard deviations from the mean?).  Such simple mindedness and apparent errors are disconcerting and undermine confidence in the rest of the author's presentation.
Everyone talks about how great Gurdjieff is, but I can't read this book without feeling like a practical joke has been played on me. First, it's long. Second, the setting and descriptions are ludicrous. Basically, I feel like Gurdjieff is either not telling me what he really knows, or he just has nothing to say.  If you want to read a book on the mysteries, by a copy of the Kybalion at a half priced book store. At least I got it from the library.
I am incredibly interested in the internet revolution. Successful companies like Amazon fascinate me, so I was excited to get my hands on this book, but unfortunately it is really outdated now and I found it to be a less than engaging read. I did almost feel the excitement that must have been building around that time, but quickly that was replaced with a dull read full of facts that are no longer relevant and just seem foolish now. I don't recommend you read it, there are far more enjoyable and up-to-date amazon stories out there.
How anyone could compare this to The Secret History is completely and utterly beyond me. Where Tartt's book practically reverberated with effortless intellectual sophistication, compelling characterization, and fascinating explorations of guilt, The Rule of Four simply piles on some Ivy League love and tacks on a semi-poetic, wistful ending to what is otherwise a conventional, Dan Brown-style thriller with less interesting puzzles. I could barely remember the narrator's name when I was all done with it, and I never for a second bought the whole 'choosing between the girlfriend and the Hypnerotomachia' conflict which is supposed to sustain most of the middle section of the book. The narrator's constant moving between time periods (so close in chronology that one wonders why he didn't just tell the whole thing from beginning to end) confuses, and, in exchange for that confusion, provides nothing of substance.The whole thing is an uneasy compromise between Umberto Eco and Dan Brown. The dumbing down (not advanced enough for Eco; way too advanced for anyone who thought The DaVinci Code the pinnacle of literary achievement) that results fits neither demographic very well. I suspect that explains The Rule of Four's dismal reviews here.I find myself compelled to give it an extra star only because I like puzzle novels, and this one did provide a moderately interesting puzzle. But there are far better uses for $8. At least I remembered the name of the main character in The DaVinci Code.
When reading a book written some time ago, it's important to remember that standards and tastes may have been different back then.  Such is the case here.  It's entirely possible (in this case, likely) that this book was considered eminently readable when it was published in 1927, but today's readers might find it somewhat more difficult.Asbury presents us with a dizzying array of names of people (real names, pseudonyms, and nicknames) and places (modern and historical), barely pausing for breath, let alone meaningful distinction among them (I lost count of the number of gangsters described as "huge").  A map would have been nice, and a cast of characters even better.Anecdotes are piled one on top of another, with little or no explanation as to why any of them are important or how any of them are connected.  And each one is more sensationalistic than the last, making me wonder where Asbury got his information from.  A bibliography is appended at the end of the book, but it's impossible to tell which stories he got from which sources (and, indeed, which came from "personal interviews" with criminals and police officers).  So, as hard a time as I had just wading through the mass of details, I almost had an even harder time believing them.
Graves confirms that the only way to learn of the Greek myths is to read what the Greeks themselves wrote. If the desire is to understand what the Greek myths actually mean then Graves should be avoided.  Robin Hard, in his translation to Apollodorus' Library of Greek Mythology, published by OUP, writes "the interpretive notes [to Graves' Greek Myths] are of value only as a guide to the author's personal mythology." (p.xxxiii). I cannot agree more.Graves' immediate failure is that he remains oblivious to the ouranographic nature of Greek myth: their myths were related to the heavens. Further, Graves fails to understand the relationship of Greek myth to the development of Greek philosophy; that the key to understanding Greek philosophy, science (& hence mathematics & engineering), is the mythology. If you read Graves you will understand neither Greek myth or philosophy.In Timaeus Plato wrote that when the creator "had compounded the whole he divided it up into as many souls as there were stars, and allotted each soul to a star." (Timaeus, 42).In Apollonius' Argonautica we read of the argonaughts who paused as "the goddess Persephone sent up to them the mourning ghost of Aktor's son, who craved to see some men of his own kind ...[and having done so, he] Then sank down again into the great abyss." Book 2, lines 920.In Homer's Odyssey we read that "Rose-fingered Dawn fell in love with Orion... outraged at her conduct... chaste Artemis rose from her golden throne, attacked him in Ortygia with her gentle darts and left him dead." Book 5, lines 121-124. When given directions for sailing, Odysseus kept his eyes "on the Pleiads...or the Great Bear [who] looks across at Orion the Hunter with a wary eye." Book 5, 272-274; and once in the Halls of Hades, which lie beyond the horizon, Odysseus' "eyes fell on the giant hunter Orion, ... armed with a club of solid bronze..." Book 11, 571-575Aristotle explains to us what all this means: "From old - and indeed extremely ancient times there has been handed down to our later age intimations of a mythical character to the effect that the stars are gods... further details were added in the manner of myth." Metaphysics, Book Lambda, 1074b.If you read Graves you will not encounter any understanding of the heavens, the basis of Greek myth, in which the planets and constellations were the detritus of times past, rendered immortal and writ large in the heavens. This absence is explained by Graves, when he extols his belief that even "the 13th century Excidium Troiae is, in parts mythically sounder than the Iliad." p. 13. What Graves claims is that an author who commented on the myths over 2000 years after Homer actually wrote down the myths, understood them better than the person who expounded them.Instead of looking to the sky to understand these myths, Graves claims that the only way to properly understand them is when "archaeologists can provide a more exact tabulation of tribal movements in Greece and the dates." p.20; and that consequently "A large part of Greek myth is politico-religious history."(p.17). This is seriously misguided!Graves as becomes evident has an agenda which he lays bare when he claims Greek & Jewish myth is a product of:"The Jews as inheritors of the 'Pelasgian', or Canaanitish, creation myth.." p. 35; that is that the people of Greece, before the arrival of Greeks were the same people as those who peopled Canaan (Palestine, which is utterly unsupported by any archaeology). What Graves attempts with this ridiculous tome, is to provide a syncretist misinterpretation of Greek myth to reconcile it with the irreconcilable Biblical beliefs and he imagines he achieves this when he weaves into this his "matrilineal v patrilineal" theory as some sort of corroboration. This explains why Graves claimed that a later, Greek Christian from Byzantium, wrote a sounder mythology than Homer: the Byzantine, being Christian, had the same disposition to reinterpret Greek myths to make them more acceptable to a Christian viewpoint, as does Graves.Greek myths are beautiful if they can be understood. Graves omits the ouranographic dimension of Greek belief because, as he makes clear, he is actually attempting to reconcile it with Jewish (hence Christian) belief. No such reconciliation can work if the author is honest. The Greeks studied the heavens; the Jews were forbidden to do so on pain of death, eg. Deuteronomy 17.2-5 & Jeremiah 10.2. Graves' book is embarrassingly silly.(...)
As usual, the author pans gold and most commodities as a form of wealth protection from Bernanke's inflation. I think if you follow this gentleman's advice you will end up with lots of worthless paper when the inflation results in rising prices in a meaningful, observable manner.
I wish I understood what all the fuss about Hemingway was, I have read the short stories, the old man in the sea and the sun also rises. I am yet to find anything appealing about Hemingway's writing. They almost seem to be written by a child, there is never a story being told, the characters are always underdeveloped and flat, the dialogue is mind numbing. They are just outright Boring..I read The Sun Also Rises about a month ago and I can hardly remember anything about it.Perhaps they relate to that generation only and do not carry over ?
The first thing that came to my mind upon finishing this novel was, "THIS won a Pulitzer?"I will be kind and say that when I started the book, I was actually interested--for about the first third of it--although I wondered how it was supposed to be a book about Daisy Stone Goodwill when it hardly said anything about HER. But then it started delving into her life, and that's when it began to get boring! Daisy did absolutely NOTHING interesting. About the most interesting thing that happened to her was her first husband dying. If she had actually had a great love with her second husband, as I expected by the chapter entitled "Love", there might have been some redeeming qualities, but that was not the case.I was left itching to know more about other characters, Magnus Flett, "Fraidy" Hoyt, and Maria (Cuyler Goodwill's second wife) in particular, but the only thing that caught my eye about Daisy was her dying thoughts about her life, or lack of it. Then came the chapter entitled "Death", which was a hodge-podge of senseless blather, and at that point I realized that nothing would make this a GOOD book, but at least I could claim that I finished it.
This is the only book pops up when you look for CISSP so I ended up getting this and using it. But this is too verbose and wordy. I think concept can be explained much better way than they are explained. Often book refer some concept/term without explaining to you. Also there are many cases where I did google and learned those concepts. I don't know but not very happy with the book. Could have been more objective, less words and wish that concepts or topics are explained better. Often very hard to understand many of the topics. Author does not seem to be a good explainer/writer. Not organized!!! I wish the you could easily figure which topic falls under which category....
Read all the advertising on this book and was excited to start it.  I ended up doing something I rarely do, stopped reading a book half way through. Didn't like it at all, i just didn't &#34;get it.&#34; At all. I do not recommend.
I read quite a bit of science and find neuroscience to be a fascinating field.  I admire the scientists, like the author, who work to increase our understanding of brains.  However, the writing itself wasn't enjoyable. There are a lot of places where the author wrote, in essence, "then I went to work with ____ at ______" and doesn't flesh out the personalities of the people enough to make it interesting.  I hate to only give the book two stars as I don't want to hurt Purves' feelings but I honestly did not enjoy reading this book.
Eric Carle has done better. Read the "Very Quiet Cricket". This book is extremely repetitive and isn't really even a story so much as an excuse for the mediocre illustrations and a kind of irritating gimmick of having differently sized pages. These pages are have for my son to turn also.I love reading real children's stories to my kids, and I don't mind some repetition (e.g., "Guess how much I love you" and "Are you my Mother?" are great...) But the ladybug keeps saying the same thing over and over and over. Yeah, I've hid the book from my kids and they don't miss it.
I'll be brief. I can't recommend this book. It neither covers easy to understand software for everyone, or how to us the high end expensive tools. The majority of the book covers social media analytics software companies, it reads like an advert, which is unsurprising as it appears the author owns, has worked for or with the majority of the companies.Sadly I took few actionable items away from reading this book, which is a shame, as there's definitely room for some good books in this area.
Remember the Seinfeld episode where the four main characters go to the chinese restaurant and nothing happens?  It was brilliant because under the subtext of nothing, there was really a lot of something going on.  That's not the case with THE RULE of FOUR where, truly, nothing happens--over the span of 400 pages.  There have been obvious comparisons to Dan Brown's The DaVinci Code, but the biggest difference is that Brown was not a first time author, and his protagonists were grown ups.  Brown knows how to write and he's got the failed first novel to prove it.  The two authors of Rule of Four are first time authors and it shows.  They make the common mistake of first time writers: they tell and don't show.  Brown's characters unearth plot points that propel the story forward.  The reader goes along and is entertained.  Caldwell and Thomason's characters tell us what they know, and then what they've done, and then what they're going to do.  That's a lecture--an eye bluringly boring lecture at that.  For all it's supposed scheming and big thought ideas about some ancient book and the riddles contained within it, this story is really about the nuances of Princeton.  And that ain't that interesting.  Also, by making the four protagonists of college age, the authors have written about what they know, brainy young guys with graduate degrees, but their characters come across as deep as any in a Hardy Boys novel.
I love the "Nurse's Pocket Drug Guide" in the original format.  It's easy to use, and is a great quick reference.  Unfortunately the Kindle version is nowhere near as easy to use.  It's slow and cumbersome.  I would buy this again in paperback, but not for Kindle.
I purchased the kindle version (convenience) and the paperback and was surprised to find the kindle version had too many errors that were not in the paperback version.  The errors make it difficult to follow the arguments with missing or plain ol' incorrect information.  In addition, on the kindle version entire sections (parts of answers) suddenly changed into a smaller font that could not be expanded. It all appears to be errors in translating or moving to an e-book version of this text. It makes it almost impossible to see the problems worked out. (That is what we buy Schaum's outline for!)Miserable editing job!!I have decided to abandon trying to use the kindle version.  I do not recommend anyone purchase that version until they correct the numerous errors. Note, I gave up after Chapter 1 since it was just too painful. The topic is difficult enough and with the kindle version it will be impossible.
I scored in the 260s on Step1 and had read FA Step1 cover-to-cover three times for that exam.  FA-2CK is nothing like the Step1 book.  The Step1 text has lots of diagrams, flow charts, mechanisms and bullet points.  That is, the Step1 book is great.  This 2CK book is just paragraphs and paragraphs of text that run on and does a wonderful job of bringing out latent ADD.  And not to mention, nothing is accentuated anywhere, so it's impossible to gather from the text what is HY info vs what is merely supporting.  If you compare with MTB-2, by Conrad Fischer, you'll notice that it has lots of bolding and explicit statements about what is seen in questions; MTB-2CK is 1000x better.All I can say is: FA Step1 was 5 stars, but FA-2CK is 2 at best.  If you want a book to critically read to give yourself Step2 foundation, get MTB-2 and go through that FIRST, not FA-2CK.  I know this might seem really hard to believe simply because the Step1 book was so critical to everyone's prep, but the 2CK book just isn't anywhere near the same level.  I'm just giving you the heads up so that if and when you buy it, you're not surprised by its shortcomings.
"Reviewer:  book customerendless boring detail and character development...kept hoping things would pick up - no dice. Unless your especially interested in medievel history and the written word history of this period - pass."I studied history in college, and my specialty was Medieval history, just around the time period of Malory and the gestes of Robyn Hode and "Gervase" and I can unequivocally say that being interested in Medieval history doesn't help this book one iota.  My only only saving grace is that I didn't buy this, I checked it out from the library.  Now if only I could somehow get back the time I spent reading it...
Context.Lack of architectural vision.While initially promised to be technology agnostic, the book, in fact, is heavily web services biased.Editorial.Diagrams do not assist in clarifying the text.Of course, this my very subjective opinion.
This is the work that solidified my opinion not to read any more Elizabeth Berg novels. I read [The Year of Pleasures] and enjoyed it and have since tried a few of her others all with the same result, sheer disappointment.This novel tells the tale of Ellen, a wishy-washy stay-at-home mom with no real discernable qualities that stand out to the reader. Ellen is unhappy with her life, but unable to fully express why and so leaves her husband, Griffin for a life with an auto mechanic she has known for a few weeks/months. She expects Griffin to move out of their home, and when he does not the two try to stay "roommates" while pursuing other people. Griffin is devastated, but similar to his wife, is unable to express his emotions (except for anger). The two dance around each other and their marriage all while trying out other identities (Griffin as a Santa at the mall and Ellen as a pancake house waitress). The subplot of Griffin working as a mall Santa seemed incredibly tacked on as well as completely unrealistic to me. Why was this added?The only worthwhile character in the novel is their young daughter, Zoe, whose personality comes shining through. Griffin and Ellen are boring, unsure of who they are and don't seem to stand for anything or have anything of importance to say. While the concept of adultery is very much an adult topic, Berg seems to write for young children. Her characters are black and white and the dialog is trite and repetitive and doesn't really manage to say anything. She doesn't give us a reason to care about these characters at all. I finished this book yesterday and I couldn't remember the name of the main character! That's how forgettable this novel and the characters are.The novel comes to a haphazard resolution only because it seemed like Berg was ready to end the novel. There is no real resolution, only one that seems slapped together by Berg.
I was looking forward to reading this book, because I love TED! I have heard the most amazing talks over the years, and thought &#34;If only I could do that&#34;. This book seemed to offer that coaching, and although I have tended to steer clear of self-coaching books, because this one had the TED name on it, I thought I would put aside my fears and develop my potential. I already do a lot of public speaking and presentations, by the way, so I am not new to the field.I was extremely disappointed. This would have been great if it had more precise skills, if it had taken several talks and broken them down and shown the skills. Yes, it did do some of that, but I found nothing in here that I would not have found in a Presentation Skills seminar or course. I was looking for new; I found old - semi-revamped, but old.TED presentations, by the whole, are exciting and fun. This would not be my description of this book, no matter how hard I tried to make it so. Average reading, average skills, average advice, just - average!
This book was totally Lame. I have the hardcover edition. If I had paid the canadian price of 29.95 or the 19.95 I would have been totally upset. I paid 50 cents and it was worth that. The Story was lame, I loved it until the daughter was coming home. I mean it was a hoot and they should have stuck to their guns and proved you did not need all that crap to have a great xmas. What it did do was show us how greedy people really are. Not impressed.
I listened to the audiotape unabridged version of this book.  The reading was excellent but the story does not add up.  It is a well-told story till the end (I will no spoil).  But when a central question is answered and you think back on the story things just don't add up.  You realize characters just have not acted in any kind of reasonable fashion.  My guess is there will be some plot changes when the movie is made.
I got carried away at the bookstore one day and I ended up buying this book, since it looked like it could be promising. Ug, was I ever wrong. This sort of literary mystery fiction is hot these days, which I thoroughly enjoy, but this is just another one of those books trying to catch a free ride on the train.I did not find the plot to be intriguing nor in the slightest bit believable, instead, it seemed contrived to fit a tidey, neat little literary mystery package.Instead seek these codexes:Mathew Pearl's 'Dante Club'Carlos Ruiz Zafon's 'The Shadow in the Wind'Arturo Perez-Reverte's 'Club Dumas'Erik Larson's 'The Devil in the White City'
I would re-title this book to read, "Basic Trading Concepts". The book is nicely put together and does provide a good deal of information but the title is totally misleading in my opinion. Most of the material provided is general trading knowledge and not specific "high probability trading" methods. I was expecting actual techniques and specific entry and exit systems. If you're new to trading, this book will give you the basics. If you have been trading awhile, this book is mostly milk and no meat.JD in Pennsylvania
Someone else said it was like watching paint dry. I wished it had been that much fun. I had to force myself to finish this book. I just knew SOMETHING was going to happen. And in the end something great happened... The book was over.
This could have been a charming love story. Great potential. However, as it stands right now it does not offer a reader anything except an easy read on an airplane where you have plenty of time to kill and no place to go. I do not want to repeat what has already been said by other readers in terms of analysis. Highly recommend a review by Amal Jacobson.
This got great reviews so I tried it out. The illustrations are boring purple lines on white paper. We can't get past the first few pages in order to build up to the story. My 3 year old has never sat through it. Disappointed mommy.
It's some kind of reprint company and the quality is poor. The font size is also almost unreadably tiny. I am very disappointed with it. That said the book itself is unbelievably good. I'd read it when it first came out in the '80s and decided I needed a copy for my library. But do youself a favor, save the cash and get the paperback.
History paid for.The fundamental fact that Peter Matthiessen didn't mention in his detailed account of the American Indian Movement, the so called "Reign of Terror" at Pine Ridge in the early 1970s, the brutal murder of two severely wounded and defenseless federal agents and the trials of Leonard Peltier and his co-conspirators, is that while researching, interviewing and writing ITSOCH, he was under contract to share the profits with Leonard Peltier. That guaranteed him unlimited access. Hardly objective reporting.Matthiessen did however go through great lengths to provide a tremendous amount of detail even if the bulk of it came from the usual suspects themselves.In the end though, he was also convinced of Peltier's guilt. He shunned Peltier's only real alibi, that someone else, a Mr. X, whom they all knew and Matthiessen skeptically interviewed. Matthiessen was "Taken aback by this unexpected story." And when it came down to the basic facts of the killing of the two FBI agents he said "If there is another persuasive explanation of the location and position of their cars, I cannot find it."Matthiessen also reported that one of Peltier's key attorney's, Williams Kunstler believed Peltier was guilty as well: "I know Bill Kunstler (another of the AIM lawyers) thought they killed the agents, but he believes that they were innocent whether they did it or not."But it must be inordinately embarrassing for Matthiessen, The Leonard Peltier Defense Committee, Peltier, and his supporters to know that someone of the stature of Alan M. Dershowitz, the distinguished Harvard law professor, said that Matthiessen "is utterly unconvincing - indeed sophomoric - when he pleads the legal innocence of the individual Indian criminals. The American Indian Movement - like every militant fringe group - contains its share of violent criminals who seek to glorify their predatory acts under the flag of the movement."  "...(and) not only fails to convince; he (Matthiessen) inadvertently makes a strong case for Mr. Peltier's guilt. (New York Times, book review March 8, 1983.)Because it provides much detail, ITSOCH is a good reference for comparing prior statements of the participants in the murders of special Agents Jack Coler and Ron Williams to their later contradictions and subsequent claims, all of which have changed over the years. It does serve as a good foundation and litmus test to further demonstrate Peltier's guilt.
This is the type of book where the author is just trying to hard to come up with witty, out of this world scenarios, which make it all seem contrived.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House
This is the first book on the Easton list that I have been unable to finish.  I read almost half of the book and had no idea what it was about.  From my understanding, the book is divided into four sections.  The first three sections are written as stream-of-conscious.  I hate this writing style, which is probably why I had difficulty paying attention.
In each chapter and throughout this book, the author writes whatever comes to her mind and therefore, it is hard to understand where she heads and concludes what.  I don't know in which category this book fits but definitely not in technical anaysis.
This book could have easily been titled, &quot;Bob Martin hates UML&quot;.  Actually, that it isn't quite fair.  Only the first part should have that title.  The second section should be named, &quot;UML is boring so let's design an object oriented coffee pot&quot;.  The last section could be titled, &quot;I don't have anything else to say so let me pad the book with 50 pages of Java code&quot;.As far as UML goes, the book covers five diagrams.  The author's advice can be summed up as &quot;don't use UML except on the back of a napkin that you immediately throw away&quot;.  Use cases are reduced to four pages and he advises against getting any real details. He likes sequence diagrams as long as they are so trivial that they impart no real information.  He gives an example of a &quot;too complex&quot; diagram that in half of a page clearly and simply shows the inter-relationship between six classes.  Trying to understand this same relationship with code could take hours.The big problem for this book is that the author is in love with his process.  He is an XP proponent and uses this book to push the XP paradigm.  The problem is that a lot of programmers that are not using XP will not realize how XP-centric this book is from looking at the title.  XP is not the only process and many programmers work in environments where designers design and developers write code.  This book will not help them and could actually hinder them by giving them the wrong idea about the usefulness of UML.  If you are looking for a book to help you understand how to use UML to design and develop complex J2EE applications then I strongly recommend &quot;Enterprise Java and UML&quot; (ISBN: 0471267783).  I would avoid this book.
Just when I thought Anne Rice could sink no lower, I read blood and Gold. (I was not kidding when I said that it almost made me cry)The book, surprisingly, starts out interesting. We meet Thor,whom we find out has a connection with Maharet and resentment for her that has not been reconciled with. One thinks that the novel will have some remote focus on this situation.But it does not. Instead, its focus is on putting "twists" on a story that we have heard before. Not a very smart move, Anne. I, for one can say that had she gone more in depth with the character of Thor she could have passed this novel off as somewhat original and kept a few more fans. The redundant droning of Marius could make anyone want to put this book in the garbage disposal. The only thing that stopped me from doing just that was because it was a Christmas present. ... With each page, she has dug a deeper grave then she can ever imagine....I am sorry to say that this is the last review I will ever do on any Anne Rice book. I certainly will not read her newest regurgitated novel titled Blackwood farm. I am usually not the one to judge a book by its cover, but in this case I honestly believe that her latest installment is not going to be any better.
These stories were not up to Binchy's standard, but I still enjoy reading her.I always buy her books without even reading the reviews.
Rendell is a pale imitation of her former self in No Man's Nightingale.  While all the elements that comprise a Wexford mystery are present in this book, they are either in weak or overbearing form.Regarding the weaker elements, Wexford also is a paler version of himself, though some of his best attributes are still part of his character. He is still thinking about words, what they mean and how certain phrases come to exist and be used in the English language (and annoying Mike Burden with such thoughts spoken out loud).  He meditates on what he reads as relates to the world at the time of Gibbon and today.  He quotes famous works. But when it comes to really living and acting Wexford seems to lack the zest he used to have. He conducts his personal investigation mostly through desultory conversations in which he seems determined to be so correct and inoffensive in his actions as a civilian that he accomplishes little and looks like a wimp.There is a general weak aspect to the plot and its development--the usual Rendell complexity is lacking.  Also, the book has a disjointedness about it, as though Rendell didn't feel the need to bother to connect sections and plot elements any more.  There is more telling than showing, more explanation of something that has happened rather than live action.The usual Rendell element that is overbearing in this book is Wexford's concern about political correctness.  It is taken to the extreme in this book, and it hard to imagine how Wexford can get out of bed each day when he feels he must watch each word he says.  Rendell's obsession with racism, feminism, sexist behavior, moralistic attitudes, etc, reaches new extremes in this book.  The murder Rendell presents involves a situation that can take the author down her favorite road--an Asian woman minister, who is also a single mom, gets killed.  Well, we know from the start that Rendell is going to use this murder as a way to beat her usual social/political drums.In particular, Rendell makes Wexford the king and arbiter of political correctness, if not overtly by his correcting everyone during conversation than at least internally when he constantly notices and mentally corrects his family, friends, and strangers.  His chief concerns are racism, which seems rampant in his world, and sexism.  When Wexford's wife mentions there is a new vicar to replace the murdered one, Rendell has him ask if it is a woman or man, putting "woman" first, thinking his wife Dora would prefer the two sexes placed in that order. But he seems not to be too concerned about having disparaging thoughts of overweight people, such as his thought that he could never be attracted to a woman who was overweight, or about describing someone as fat to his wife.  He seems to have disdain for people who have sexual morals--as though they are just silly in this day and age to worry about having some sexual self control.Rendell has always been concerned about societal ills and insensitivities and has made them main topics in this series, and that's fine, but this concern is out of control in this book and the story itself is not good enough to make up for all Wexford's self-righteous political correctness in this book.If you are looking for more mystery series to read, check out the series reviews on my website--see my Amazon profile for the URL.
It is obvious that the authors do know their topic (Qt4 programming).It is much less obvious that they master the technique to write a good programming book!This book has lost of un-necessary verbiage but lack a clear sense of structure. The differences between the platforms (for me Windows/Linux) are poorly documented... so trial and error has been the mode to get simple things done.Another comment would be the poor formatting of the examples (position of curly brackets etc...) making the example a lot less readable that their should be.Conclusions:1) Usually Prentice Hall is a great editor, but this book may have been "rushed out" before it was ready. Suggest some prudence there, or possibly sell this book as a "Alpha Release" book?2) == INSTEAD, purchase the following book on QT programming, it is excellent ==Foundations of Qt Development - Johan Thelin  (Editor is Apress)Andre G.
As someone who *loved* Harris's books "Red Dragon" and "Silence of the Lambs" almost to the point of obsession, I cannot believe that the same person who created such complex, fascinating books as those two wrote the distasteful mess that is "Hannibal".  Boo!!! Hiss!!!  I felt almost as if I was reading a sequel by a different author who never had understood the characters or the appeal of the books in the first place (a la the bogus "Gone With the Wind" sequel...)To my mind, it was not the gross-out factor that made the first two books great, but the fabulous psychological interplay between the bright, honorable (and properly nervous) FBI agents and the brilliant psychopath anti-hero.  Hannibal Lecter as a misunderstood hero with a back-story just did not work for me.Yuck! Yuck! Yuck! to the ending!!!  My copy of this book ended up in the *garbage*.  A *dismal* finale (at least I *hope* it is the finale!) to an otherwise brilliant series of books!
It was a waste of my money. The questions were all ones I've heard about so many other times, and the format of the questions wasn't fun or even very interesting...
While Karr can turn excellent phrases, she seems here to have seen the need to stretch out the incidents of her childhood unnecessarily, and choke them up with too many words (when simplicity would have had far greater impact).  Karr comes across as the type of writer who refused to let her writing be edited; this book could have been a great achievement if a good editor had gone through it and weeded out the fluff.  As it is the narrative is frequently like struggling to mow a lawn that hasn't been tended to in years--very tough going.
This was the worse copy of a book - it is clean and obviously copied from another book - there is NOTHING in it - no pages to show anything about when it was written, publisher etc.  There is an ISBN no. on the back 9781461036302.  It looks like somebody copied it and had it bound.  I had a hard cover of the book previously from Amazon and someone borrowed it and didn't return.  This was very disappointing.
Granted this is fiction. Granted that autism is a spectrum disorder. People with autism vary from mildly afflicted to profoundly afflicted, but if I wanted to get an insight into the autistic mind, this book is off course.The child in this book would be classed as extremely high functioning. Not as a kids with autism. Aspergers, almost definately. ANd believe me, there are huge differences between Aspergers and autism. Aspies can talk. Aspies can write. Autism is different. Read Making Peace with Autism by Susan Senator for a real glimpse of autism.For me, a mom with a child with autism, if my child could grow up to be this high functioning, I would be thrilled. This is written by a writer who thinks he has a handle on what autism is. He should come spend a week at our house, or any of the others that I know who have kids with real autism.
This book was ok, but not a page-turner for me.  It was a little too predictable along the way.  I usually read at least two books a week.  I've been plugging away at this one for almost three weeks because I don't have enough interest to see what happens next.
This never really gives the reader satisfaction and inspiration concerning this important moral principle.Too anecdotal and far too many personal experiences.
THE FIRST HALF WAS BARELY DOABLE.THE SECOND HALF WAS A TAD BETTER---STILL A BEAR THO!!!THE WHOLE TOM & PAUL THING---SORRY---I CANNOT BELIEVE THESE TWO  ??  22  ??YEAR OLDS CAN SOLVE THE RIDDLES----THE WAY THAT THEY DID---WHEN AFTER500 YEARS, NO ONE ELSE COULD SOLVE THEM???????????  I DON'T THINK SO.AND TOM---HOW PATHETIC----HE CAN SOLVE THESE BEEZARR RIDDLES---BUT---HE CAN'T DEAL WITH HIS CURRENT GIRLFRIEND!!!  YIKES!!!TOTALLY UNBELIEVABLE
Marie Phillips debut novel, "Gods Behaving Badly" takes a fun, if not unique, premise of the existence of the Greek Gods in modern day London.  While this is obviously a very light-hearted idea, when done properly it could provide a very entertaining read.  Taking a different take on mythology and/or theology has produced some excellent fiction.  Zelazny's "Lord of Light" and "Creatures of Light and Darkness" and Brust's "To Reign in Hell" are examples where such a premise can produce outstanding results.  Unfortunately this book does not follow in the steps of those great books.  That is not to say that this is a bad book, it is an easy read and something that may provide an enjoyable few hours, but it does fall far short of what it could have been.The story is about the Greek gods in modern day London, living together in a townhouse in London, and trying to preserve their waning power until they can find a way to restore it.  Unfortunately, the Gods find it difficult to give up some of their bad behaviors and mischievous antics which ultimately involve two mortals and completely disrupting their lives and bringing the Earth to the brink of destruction.While reading this book I could not help but think about what other authors might have done with the premise.  As a debut novel, it is decent, but I am sure that others could of, and would of made more of it.  At the start of the book, too much time is spent on the sexual antics of Aphrodite.  It is not clear if this was done to lengthen the book or to try to spice it up, but the result is a rather unnecessary drawn out section which would have been better used to flesh out some of the other characters.  The good news is that the book does get better as it goes on, for the most part, with the highlight being the section which takes place in the underworld which is both inventive as well as very funny.  The very end is a bit predictable, but had the rest of the book been as well done as the section in the underworld it would not have been an issue.Whether you should read this book really depends on what you are looking for.  If you are looking for a nice diversion, then this could be a good choice.  If you are looking for something more than that, then this would not be a good selection.
This book is a funny phenomenon in itself: it seems that every portfolio manager keeps a copy on her desk, but nobody I've talked to likes the book, or has even really read it.  I read it and had to struggle hard to go from one page to the next.  It's one of the WORST books I've ever read in any field.  The book attempts to give the reader a comprehensive overview of the portfolio management discipline.  Unfortunately, it's extremely dry, to the point of boring the reader to death.  A lot of pages are also wasted on topics of dubious value, while important subjects like global management is treated lightly.  I highly recommend against this book.  It's a waste of money.
Were it not for one glaring (and I mean GLARING) omission, I would have rated this book 4 stars!  I began reading it, thinking I was getting a Fox News type of promised "fair and balanced" discussion, but I finished my reading with the realization that I had been snookered by a very unfair and unbalanced set of arguments.Mr. Crescenzi has some good points and he presents our sovereign and personal debt problems in some creative and meaningful ways, using phrases such as  "The biggest Ponzi Scheme in History", "Age Warfare", "How Fiscal Illusions and Public Unions Ballooned our Debts",  "The Hypnotic Power of Debt", and "The 30 Year American Consumption Binge"!Unfortunately (at least for the concept of "fair and balanced"), he totally seems to have forgotten our profligate MILITARY spending problem,  wherein in the last decade we've spent trillions of dollars (not just hundreds of billions) on largely wasted military actions in Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.In fact our absurd military spending (note that we spend more on our military than all other nations combined, spend), and our military lobbying, tax breaks, etc., represent the military establishment's own variation on the Ponzi Scheme concept (with future taxpayers having to pay the prior military bills).I can only guess as to why the author went after the elderly, the American "debt weakness", the public and private unions, etc., while he totally omitted any discussion of the far greater military spending sources of our debt load. Hopefully he will explain this to us, the readers, so that we may feel he was more "fair and balanced" than he appears in this book.
I'm 51 and my goal is to lose 20lb. I've done Atkins 4 years ago, and first week I lost 8 lb but only few pounds after.  Last year I gained back and found myself carrying apple shape belly. I was always gassy, and my blood pressure raise to be borderline hyper tension.  It had been hard to make a decision since I thought I cannot lose weight for some reasons, while eating sweets and crunchy snacks all the time and drinking latte mocha that I make with extra dark coffee with a lot of coffee cream.After readying several books about detox, this is the one I thought I could do.  First 3 days, I had bad headaches all day long, thinking about sweets and white foods. 4th day, it stared getting little easier.  At the end of the first week I lost 12.5 lb, that made me feel great.  2nd week, the weight stayed the same. My blood pressure that was pre-hypertension is now down to normal.It's 2nd phase, I am bit worried if I could shed another extra 10 lb that I have been carrying for 6 years.I don't follow exactly the same direction, though. I use NutriBullet and make vegetable juice, buy own Whey protein and supplement.  I use Fronteer Coffee and Vanilla flavor, ground Dangelion Root and cinnamon to make the shake taste even better.  The Shake replaces for two meals, and it tastes pretty good and makes me full.What I hated first was not using salt.  After a month my taste buds works differently, and I have no problem eating boiled eggs without salt, enjoy roast Asparagus, and snacking Cerely and Kale, experimenting how to use Coriander and Cumin.Recently I often feel constipated and need to take magnesium.  I am not drinking enough water when I am busy.  Although my weight loss has not happening now, I don't have cravings for junk food and pre-made foods that is oftem very salty. I had never thought that I could drink Kale and beets juice. I have learned that lemon with its skin makes vegetable juice taste good, and I enjoy vegetable rich eating habit. The best thing about this program is not making me hungry all the time because of the combination of protein, oil and vegetable.However, I'm at 6th week stopped losing any ever since I lost 12.5 lb in first week, which makes me nervous.  Any comment on that?I am still on semi-1st phase and choose not to eat grains and beans.  My waist and lower body has been gradually shrinking little by little, and bloating, that I have had for over a year, is completely gone. I sleep 6, 7 hours straight, not waking up in the middle of night to go to pee.After 4 month.  I fed up and started eating what I crave...After 8 month.  gained back 7 lb, my stomach started bulging out as it was before.. thought about redoing Fat Flush again... but... I HATE IT!! just thinking about it makes my spine get chilled.Browsing Amazon, Miracle happened!  I found this book.. IF diet. $0This is the best.  I lost 10 lb effortless.The IF Diet
Would say it almost have no plot. What is the point to write about a ruined non-elected politician who not willing to face debts waiting for him as a consequence of a failed attempt to win a political election, looses his wife too? Did he killed her or did she suicided vanishing in the canadian lakes? -May i say that is all the plot? Nothing else. Of course one loves that great short story Tim O'Brian wrote "The things they carried", but have not found, until now, nothing else from him that can say i like. This is just a novel that with what have said as a start, could have been something else, something more, something to write about. As it is, is just boring and not deserving the so many pages the author dedicates to. Pitty.
This book made me scared to have children. The teenager in this book just wanders aimlessly in the book seeking attention because he comes from a broken childhood. He's very bitter and constantly uses vulgar language and makes sexual inferences in the book. I'm not exactly sure what the point of this book was unless it's describing how not to raise a kid or else he will end up this way. Holden Caulfiend was like James Dean, "A Rebel Without a Cause." He was bitter from page one to the end of this book. I never felt so empty until reading this book.
One of the first things I noticed while reading Of Mice and Men was a sense of comfort on the part of the narration; the descriptions and character development seemed so natural that the sense of realism was undeniable. Although there is much that Steinbeck keeps to himself in terms of his main characters, I found Lennie and George to be well-rounded and honest - simple men trying to keep their heads above their water as they pursue (to different degrees) what qualified as "the good life" for two migratory farm hands.Much to my surprise, I had no real emotional response to the novel. I tend to be a very emotive reader, and more often than not will respond passionately to what I read. However, Steinbeck has left me feeling completely neutral; I was not particularly invested in the characters or events of the book, and found the conclusion neither satisfying nor disappointing. In the end I'm willing to consider this neutrality a positive result of the trial - I didn't hate the book, so I'm more open to reading something along the lives of Travels with Charlie, but I also didn't love it, so I doubt I'll be tackling The Grapes of Wrath anytime soon.
I was quite distraught at the fact that I didn't enjoy a Hemingway. Maybe my literary tastes aren't quite as sharp and mature as they should be to enjoy this classic. But regardless, my review will not be a strongly positive one.The pointless meandering of the characters and their idle conversation gave me little to grab at. Jake, Brett, Cohn, and friends wander around in Paris and Spain as part of the &quot;Lost Generation&quot;. It is irrefutable that this was the desired effect, but it was just too, well, boring. As expatriates, they spend their lives bouncing from cafes to bars in search of meaning (or inebriation) and from mate to mate (especially Brett). Various characters make various travels, but only when the group vacations in Pamplona, Spain, does the story go with it. The plot is empty, searching for something, indeed quite like the generation about whom it was written.Even though I didn't enjoy The Sun Also Rises, I do respect the fact that it is a classic book written by a classic author. For that alone, (and for the excellent reviews of most of the others,) this book deserves to be given a shot.
The story of a haughty, aimless, irresponsible teenager wandering around for a couple days, doing nothing of importance: thoroughly uninteresting. I don't see why people like this book -- it's just &#34;Hey, look at the antics of this stupid kid!&#34; I suppose the traditional answer is that it reminds many people of themselves (it didn't for me -- I was always quite down to earth, perhaps too much sometimes), but what would make such reminiscing about ephemeral, meaningless, and unimportant stupidity enjoyable to someone? I don't get it. Alternately, maybe they empathize with Holden Caulfield, but I could muster up no such empathy when I read this at 16 or 17.This book was obviously successful, so it must have done something for lots of people. It did nothing for me.
Usually a book evokes some sort of reaction in you whether it be minor or major, but I was surprised to discover a book so unremarkable I was left with no reaction at all. The simple writing style I found quite dull,  though I suppose his technique might have been lost in the translation. As  for the story, it's a nice enough idea - pining for something you can't  have - but you need a fair deal of tension and evocative writing in order  to convey the anguish of lost love, and I'm afraid this book just doesn't  have it. I've read the other reviews and many other people have commented  that a) this is one of the worst of the author's works and b) that the  story has many loose ends. Well, I haven't read many of his other books so  I can't comment on his talent as a writer, but it is true that the story  has many loose ends. However, you care so little for the characters you  don't care about the unexplained aspects. Easily forgettable.
While the book is generally good, in their discussion of energy dependence they assert that we will exhaust our known domestic oil reserves within a decade. I have lost count of how many times this has been claimed in the last 40 years, but the problem is this: "known reserves" are those reserves which oil companies have mapped as being worth harvesting. With the decades of screaming eco-freaks and pandering politicians making domestic drilling all but impossible, no oil company has spent significant money mapping resources thy will not be allowed to go after. What makes the assertion in this book so distressing is that it is a fallacy pointed out by economists, not politicians. These men should, no, must, know better. And if they know that the assertion is worthless, then they are less economists than polemicists.
First of all, if you're looking for a clear-cut story, don't read this book. The only way it works is as social commentary, and that's only if you can take the characters seriously, which is really hard to do.Ellis kicks the novel off by trying to bait you into being disgusted by his characters. Everything they do is so incredibly over the top that it just gets silly. I really don't believe that most high-class LA types lived like this during the 80s. I think the story is really exaggerated, and I couldn't take any of it seriously.
This is a good idea for a book. There is much to be criticized about architectural process & the industry. But what a chiding, morally superior, sneering repetitive text. While renewing respect for thoughtful old ways, the author lambasts easily pilloried eras and work with perfect (and perfectly unadventurous) 20/20 hindsight.This was a necessary chapter in the toppling of grey-utilitarian-modernism but, oh my! What a drag to read. And any insight is now buried under the boilerplate assumptions of the next architectural phases this kind of writing ushered in. Not timeless.
This book's concept was so interesting that I could not help but request it, on my Vine list. The art of arguing has always fascinated me. Growing up in a Polish household, emotions and tempers definitely flared up, on occasion. That is what happens when you grow up with three generations in one space. It was a great opportunity, for me, to develop my character, as a young person. It also humbled me to the experience of elders.I honestly wish I could say I appreciated this book more than I do. The alternatives to explosiveness were not much better than the initial conflicts, so vividly presented, here. The "peaceful" versions of arguments are borderline passive aggressive and rude. If anyone told me some of the lines they feed you, here, I would probably just avoid that person in the future. Not a really good book, for building positive relationships with other people.
I had hoped this author's books would be as good as P. Cornwall's.  However, this one was not.  It plodded along.
This was the first time I have read Doyle and I can't see reading him again.  I love mysteries but prefer ones written recently not so long ago.
This book did nothing for me. I did not find it powerful. The author has a simple, annoying, repetitive style. If you are looking for powerful, unforgettable war stories I recommend non-fiction, like Unbroken by Hillenbrand, Wartime by Fussell, With the Old Breed by Sledge, A writer at war by Grossman, Dunkirk by Sebag-Montefiore, and What it is like... by Marlantes.
This is an abuse of the Kindle book listing system: It's essentially the "try now" sample feature listed for download as its own book.  It should be removed as a stand-alone product, even if it is free.  Otherwise, every book would be listed this way, cluttering the lists further. I won't buy the full book on principle.
This is the 6th novel of Mr McEwan I have read. I enjoyed the others immensely ! This sucked! I want my money back, if anyone cares to refund it!
Grisham disappoints the reader in this drab novel.  Too many inconsequential characters, which makes the book choppy to read.  Granted, a surprize ending, but not enough to propel the novel into a mediocre book.
I heard so much hype about how scary this classic book was, that I quickly bought it, looking forward to enjoying a fright. I found this book to be nothing special, the dialogue among the characters was comical and, at times, ridiculous. Any book by Stephen King is superior to this simple novel.
I am going to propose a new marketing framework. It is called: SCREW-U: Simple, Complete, Ringing, Emancipating, Wide and Unconventional.Now I can pick up any tagline that you might be familiar with (Example, Southwest's "The Low fare airline") and fit it into this framework. Go on. Try it. You can do it too."Made to Stick" calls its criteria - SUCCES and the book is replete with anecdotes of how everything good in the world fits into that framework. This not only minimizes the hard work that people have put into their products and messaging, it also gives gullible readers an incorrect idea of what marketing really is. The funniest thing is that Chip and Dan are real marketers and follow 3 true fundamentals of marketing: segmentation, differentiation and positioning.They found the segment  new and gullible wannabes lurking on the fringes of the marketing world), created differentiation - (our framework is simple enough for these "dummies") and came up with a positioning - (feel good advice in this book is a good substitute for years of learning and discipline)
Boring.  Poorly written.  I had the hardest time even picking this book back up again.  I'm always on the look out for a 'personal' take on the spiritual and physical journey that is yoga, as I've been a practitioner for years.  So many yoga books are drowning in new-age spiritual mumbo jumbo that it's hard to get through them.  This one doesn't have much of that, but it does have a lot of boring, cliched jibber jabber.  If you practice yoga at all, then you are not surprised in the least by the lithe, tan 'goddesses' that disguise their vanity in the name of yoga.  Or the 'gurus' that spend more time having affairs than meditating.  These characters are not interesting - they're cliches that aren't funny anymore.  "Hilarious?" Hardly.  "Self-deprecating?" I'd say more self-congratulatory - as in 'look how self-deprecating I am!  Isn't this funny?!'  This does not even come close to being in the same league as Eat Pray Love.  I suppose there's a reason it is self-published.
I was on Safari at work looking for books to read and keep me busy. I came across this one, and read a few things here and there. Personally, I felt like the attitude in the book was somewhat prejudiced. It was like the authors put out their own opinions, and didn't care to know anyone elses. A lot of the things they said were true and quite enlightening, but others... not so much. I feel like the authors are somewhat closed-minded, and I find it kind of annoying. I feel like they were saying all religious people, and those who follow astrology are stupid (this pertains to the parts I have read so far). This isn't always the case. I am not religious, nor do I follow astrology... I just felt kind of taken aback with the attitude in the book. I guess it's just not for everyone.
Mine is second edition (1996). Not sure how much it evolved since then.I had it because it was required by the class (about 10 years ago). I didn't like it but thought it was my fault for not understanding at that time. Now I know a little better about the field and when I read it again, I found it was really bad: the materials are organized not in a logic manner; it is pretty random about what it covers in more detail, what less - mostly just stacking up stuff, plus repetition without much a point; hardly any insightful explanation beyond copying materials that you probably can find more easily by google or wikipedia; even the text typing and diagram quality is poor and inconsistent ...
This text book prefers to give you scripted scenarios, rather than details on how to solve problems. In fact you will not find enough details, of how to do the accounting, to solve some of the problems that are given in the back of each chapter of the book (even with the aid of the spreadsheet templates that they provide on the books free website.
My friend borrowed me 'Survivor,' saying it was a great book and that he thought I would like it. While I like my friend, I usually disagree with his reading tastes (Stephen King, Jerry Jenkins, Ann Rice, et cetera, et cetera).I was reserved on this one, as I would be on any other he would tell me about, but after reading the first two pages I was intrigued enough and thought I'd give it a shot.And I have to say that this is pretty bad writing. I mean, do you know how irritating it was to read over and over and over all these scientific words that have to do with stains on rugs and health issues, and various other things of this boring nature. Using big words or scientific words may be smart and clever and a tad bit intellectual but it ain't good writing.It's rather depressing to see all the great reviews this book has gotten on Amazon.  It's a gimmicy book that is trying to be too important. I know the world is a messed up place but there are far better ways to write about how it can be fixed than how Chuck did.Usually, I am only tempted to write reviews of books, cd's and movies I really like or really don't like. This review is spurred on by the latter emotion and now it's time to let my heart sink even more when I dwell upon how hard it will be to ever become a novelist of good literature in today's world when this is the kind of stuff that sells.
Together with K.Yang's Design for Six Sigma for Services, George's book form a pair of well-meant, but utterly ineffective efforts to translate the six sigma know-how into applicable tools for designing and improving service products and processes.Both books suffer from exactly the same problem: a very strong manufacturing background, which refuses to stay out of the way, while the authors try to explain 6S concepts and techniques under a services business light.Examples after examples are taken from pure manufacturing processes - the sort with names like "etching" and "plating".This is not a matter of bad didactics. It is not a question of learning through manufacturing examples and then easily applying the same concepts and techniques in the services environment. As both authors promptly address at their introductory "why this book" paragraphs, service processes are inherently different from manufacturing processes. Most of them do not even have any physical output. Their tasks or "repetitive units of work" have usually to be described in such high-level, generic ways that render them useless - think of the tasks of a senior associate in a large law firm. That is precisely why the services industry needs so badly a body of knowledge about quality management. George's and  Yang's books, unfortunately fall far behind, on this task.These are books on quality of services that do not cover, to any meaningful length, the role of call centers in designing services processes (not to mention the whole science of quality maangement in call centers); they do not touch the subjects of scripting, Queuing Theory, yield management or any other obvious subjects that come to the mind of any practitioner of process improvement in the banking, retail, hospitality, or professional services industries.What is behind this?George is the guy that invented Lean Six Sigma. Yang is a Ph.D., practitioner and professor of quality engineering. Why can't these top-notch professionals produce useful tests on their field of expertise, when it comes to service industry applications?My hypothesis is that large services companies - the sort of clients that hire projects that are sufficiently large and complex to call (and pay) for methodology and theory building - have consistently neglected the consulting firms that specialize in quality engineering projects, like George's George Group, Yang's Enterprise Excellence Institute, as well as their eminent ancestors, Juran and Demming Institutes. These companies have, instead, hired mainly management consulting firms - the McKinsey's and Accenture's - to help them in their challenges with processes and quality improvement. Why would that have happened?The advent of business process reengineering (BPR), in the early 90's, was severely criticized by the quality engineering practitioners and warmly embraced by the management consultants. This happened exactly at the time when the IT revolution (decentralized networks, low-platform applications, etc.) opened the gates for radical innovation in services process engineering. Banks, insurance companies, hospitals, retail chains, everybody in the services industries (much, much more than in the manufacturing arena) had their plates full of opportunities for radical process innovation - the sort of projects management consultants were selling, not the step-improvements, group-oriented sort offered by quality consultants. And you know what? These clients were right in their choice.The problem is, now that all this new technology has been deployed in all these new processes, now that jobs were eliminated by the millions, all over the world, productivity has soared but so has confusion, bad services, non-conformity. So now is the time for our friends in the quality engineering trenches to step-up and actively target the services industry. Maybe they should forget about writing books, right now - they do not yet have the raw material for a complete corpus of knowledge on quality engineering for services. Maybe they should start learning from veterans of process improvement for services outside the quality management community. And definitely, they should start learning by doing large projects for large services organizations.
I was extremely disappointed in this book.  Having read Cunningham's/Buffetts &quot;Essays on Corporate America&quot;, Grahams &quot;Securities Analysis&quot; and &quot;The Intelligient Investor,&quot; I had hoped that this book would be a strong synthesis, with some modern additions, and filling in some gaps.Instead, Cunningham takes an author, Buffett, whose ideas are fundamentally simple, and whose writing is inherently clear, and make them sound incredibly complicated while writing in a massively unclear way.I bought this book because Cunningham did a SUPERB job synthesizing Buffetts &quot;essays on corporate america&quot;.  What I forgot when I bought this book was that Cunningham didnt write that book, Buffett did, cunningham just edited it.  A man who is a great editor turns out, (in this case) to be a miserable author.As an example of the bizarre writing style Cunningham uses, take this paragraph (quoted exactly):  &quot;In the stock market forest, the ticks of price quotes infect the unprepared fools in the same way and with simiar results.  Trader obsession with price quotations spreasd the Q [quote] fever epidemic, addking gas the the fire of Mr. Market's manic depression&quot;.  Wow- talk about mixed metaphors.  manic depression.  Ticks.  Q Fever.  Gas the to the fire.  And the entire book is like this, paragraph after paragraph!Buffett's ideas are inherently simple.  Managers should think like owners, modern beta thinking has major flaws, etc.  These are beautifully described by Buffett in &quot;essays on corporate america&quot;, and have no need for an interpreter to stand between the priest and public.  They have even less need for an interpreter as unclear as this one.
She's a good writer.  Maybe it's the company she keeps.  Anyone who likens this to 1984 or Brave New World is a twit.  That's one of the tests you can keep in your toolkit.
I read this book for my neighborhood book club and I was very disappointed.  The writing style is very wordy and difficult to follow.  To call it verbose and rambling would be generous.  There are excessive details about extraneous events and many unnecessary characters that are challenging to follow.  I didn't feel connected with any of the people and finished the book without feeling any inspiration.  The characters' behaviors and choices were often revolting (for example, an old man molesting a minor female, winning her affections, "dumping" her, and then feeling no remorse when she kills herself).  I would NOT recommend this book.  Not worth the time if you're looking for something to add to your life. "The Notebook" is a much better lifelong love story that will touch your heart.
The central character, Jack Gladney, is an academic and an authority on Hitler who has trouble speaking German. He and his wife, Babette, have several children, residue of their past marriages to others. All of the children, however young, talk the same as all of the adults, however old.There is, in other words, no individuality in the dialogue.A toxic cloud enveloped part of the imaginary village where Jack and Babette live, but I didn't care, because there are no engaging characters in the book....END
This book is soooo good! My seven year old great grandson  ask's me to read it !  with him at least a couple of times a week. Really excellent!
Listen, if you have nothing else to do other than read this book, consider donating your time to charity and you will get more for your money as opposed to reading this book.  It's a bunch a jargon, useless tables, theories, and models that will get you thrown out on your can if you brought this mess up into an organization.  Of all the textbooks I've ever purchased, I'd put this one at the top of the garbage pile as the poster child for people who stay in school too long and never get any real world experience.  I would suggest that the authors get a job, start a business, and then write a book.  I'm in a class of 21 people and we all feel the same way.  I won't be trading this book back in.  No no.  That would be littering.  I'm upset that I have to give it a 1.
I totally disagreed with the premise and the conclusions of this book. I would never recommend it to be read by anyone.
I read recently that James Patterson uses "assistants" to write drafts of his novels from plots he supplies then he supposedly edits and tunes them up.  Grisham must have done that with The Summons, although no amount of tuning could fix this debacle.  I won't give the ending away except to say that if you have one living neuron left in your brain, you'll be disappointed by it.Grisham and David Baldacci were terrific when they started but some of their later stuff is pure dreck. If an unknown writer copied this into manuscript form and submitted it, not an agent in the country would touch it while wearing a hazmat suit.  It's that bad.It will be a lonnnnggg time before I waste my limited reading time on another Grisham novel.
I've been a fan of Ariel and Shya since day one. Their Instantaneous Transformation had a positive effect on me. But this? Consider their three points:What you resist persists and grows stronger.You can only be exactly as you are in the moment.Anything you allow to be exactly as it is completes itself.#1 is obviously true. And #2 seems fatalistic, but also true. You ARE the product of your life. And #3? If I am totally messed up, and I can't help it (#2), giving in to #3 can't help but leave me totally messed up.This is another example of someone having a bit of insight then trying to spin it into a business. They were/are a one-trick pony.
I read the Tao of Pooh and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I was hoping I would find the same amount of enjoyment in the Te of Piglet if not more however I was destined for disappointment.This book speaks very little about Taoism and more about his own personal social and political beliefs.  I was also offended by his complete disdain of the American Military.  I consider myself a Taoist and I am also a Soldier in the U.S. Army.Everyone sees the Tao in differant ways and reading through it I see conflict a natural part of the Way.  Dog fight dog, cat fights cat, apes murder one another.  Conflict is just as natural as a tree growing in a forest.
Full of very good advice, but just that &#34;advice&#34;.  I do not agree with many of the suggestions given by the author and some people cannot afford to buy an Armani suit for work.
This book fell completely flat with me.  I'd read reviews and had received positive personal reviews and so I was really looking forward to cracking the bind!When I began reading it, I liked the mood and was drawn in.  But soon found in very draining with the lack of motion in storyline and the droning on and on from the main characters.  It frankly, became unbearable, and I skimmed the last 40 pages or so, and I hate to do that!On the up side, the story itself has much potential, I just felt the author spent too much on non-dialogue, ie. many, many pages were of the characters' thoughts and memories.  Normally, this doesn't bother me, but in this case, it caused a chasm in the storyline that left me bored.
In some ways I suppose this was a fine book, but I had trouble with the voice from the beginning. I just had a hard time believing that narrator's voice was male. Meaning -- it felt like a woman trying to write a man. Since I happen to be female, I surely don't understand how/why men think, but to me, Griffin's thought processes and memories seemed very womanlike. In addition, the ending was predictable and kind of cheesy.I've always thought that Berg is at her best while writing from the POV of a 12 or 13 year old girl. That's just my opinion, of course, but for some reason I think she tells a more powerful story when she uses that voice, instead of the quiet domestic dramas she creates when writing an adult.
I started potty training my daughter at the age of 10 months. All I've read about this book, promised that I would find guidance and tips on how to make my baby comfortable with the potty, but it's all theory there with "Hallmark" type stories. Some quotations are aggressive against modern American society and parents using disposable diapers. It even made me feel guilty and ashamed rather than enouraging. I come from culture where children are potty trained from birth. My parents started it when I was 3 months old. This book made me feel like I was lazy to postpone it till my daughter turned 10 mo. I found no guidance and no real tips. Only theory about how going in diaper is bad for health and Pampers corp. is evil. I regret for buying this book.
This book starts with some great character development, building suspense and giving you the impression that you are in for a wild ride.  Then it just stalls out for no apparent reason.  The end was lame.  It seemed like Grisham had a good idea, then lost inspiration.
I have no doubt that the author of this book has a wealth of experience and knowledge.  But this book simply does not communicate it, either as a text or as a handbook.  The basic problems are that (1) the audience was not considered, and (2) the information presented is of highly inconsistent depth.  As to the first, some chapters are written at the level of an amateur pouring a patio at home, while other chapters appear to be written for a structural engineer.  In itself that might not be bad, but the result is that it glosses over significant areas of information while elsewhere providing data sheets and graphs with no explanation.  This segues into the second issue.  the data is highly inconsistent, at times giving short, glossovers to essential information, while at other times providing detailed graphs and data sheets that have no explanation in the accompanying text.  It is not a book for the do-it-yourselfer, nor is it a handy reference for the professional.  One never knows from one paragraph to the next whether the discussion will be sufficient to assess the job correctly.  Frequently the statement is made that a process is critical, but how or why to perform it is absent.  Over half of the book is an appendix of unrelated articles that are essentially useless for general application.  One essential thing this book is NOT is a Portable Handbook on Concrete.This author would be well suited to either writing a text book on this subject in which he could adequately explain the subject of concrete preparation, testing, casting, construction,restoring, etc., or to write a true handbook that assumes a moderate level of knowledge and provides the charts, graphs, and technical procedures that a professional would need to evaluate the suitability of the concrete work that is being performed.  This book does neither, and should prove very frustrating to the user attempting to evaluate the work being performed.
&quot;Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow coming down the road.&quot;  Such an engaging beginning!  Such a crushingly dull book!James Joyce was something of a philosopher who chose to crouch his thoughts in novel form.  As such, this book is more or less a long series of ongoing inner monologues (and occasionally dialogues) on life, the Church, family, and a few other topics.  Plot is nonexistant, or in those rare cases where it peeks through it's brushed aside and covered by long discussions on religion, or dad, or (yawn).  I could find no incentive to keep reading, except to claim that I'd finished it so I could truly lambast it with authority.From time to time you'll meet madmen who claim to really like Joyce and his prose style.  They're either lying or insane.By the end of the novel I was gasping for breath and praying for it to end.  I don't know how I dragged myself through it.  A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is one of those books that some people are forced to read by sadistic teachers; everyone else should avoid it, unless they have a serious masochism streak and a penchant for dry, dry literature.
I usually can't put a Ruth Rendall novel down once I start it but it was not the case here. The beginning of the novel starts out with a strange religious ritual of some type leaving you wondering what is about to occur. It isn't until much later that you discover the purpose of it which I found very confusing. I also didn't like the side story about Inspector Wexford's daughter which seemed to be a filler since the story was so weak about the missing baby sitter and the two children she was watching who suddenly disappear without a trace. Also, the constant rain and flooding was a strange backdrop which again seemed like words to fill up the pages without a real purpose to the story.As always, her characters are always very unusual with some type of dark background. This was the only strong part to me. The babysitter and her cougarish ways was the most interesting part of the story. Overall, I recommend staying away from the book. YOu will be disappointed.
Big white margins, large print, less than 150 pages of actual content, a hard cover... where was the environmental lobby when this thing got printed? Anyway, I ordered this book because of the unlikely success of the Obama campaign, hoping to glean some lessons for my business. I didn't really get it. What I got was a bunch of key points with very little explanation as to how to go about it. I signed up for social networking sites the day I incorporated my business, as the book strongly suggests, but after over a year all I've gotten are people from high school wanting to relive the good old days, not business contacts or referrals. With the authors being in the online social networking business, this was the primary advice I wanted out of the book and didn't get.One problem as mentioned in other reviews is that while the authors at least point you to the various technology-based portions of the Obama campaign, they fail to mention how the McCain campaign failed so miserably in this respect. As a lifetime resident of Indiana, a swing state for the first time I can remember, I was pummeled with Obama advertising. Everything from ads on local conservative radio stations to pressing "select" on my Dish Network remote gave me opportunities to learn about Obama, where the McCain campaign did absolutely nothing. Not only was I not told how they did what they did, I was not taught how not to fail by learning the mistakes of Obama's opponent.There is very little here on general leadership or business tips, new or old. The book mostly a big praise-fest of the Obama campaign without getting into the nuts and bolts of the execution. I need the details, guys. If you love Obama obviously you'll love this book. If you're looking for helpful business advice, particularly in the area of social networking & general technology, and wanting to know if it's the right thing for the business you're in, you won't find it here. I hate posting negative reviews like this because I really like the campaign slogan "Yes we CAN!" and was hoping to find out how I could too. Someone needs to sit the authors down and tell them "No you CAN'T!"-- at least, not without the details.
Consider the following passage from the text:"I've written one example that uses most of the functions in this section. It's near the description of xml_set_element_handler and figure 14.5." (p. 562)Leaving aside the fact that the authors were too lazy to reference the item by page number (and the publishers too slack to pick them up on it), you turn to the relevant section to find that it's left up to you to figure out which is the "example" (out of three pages of functions) the author had in mind.This attitude suffuses through the book: nothing is explained in sequence, and there's no process of cumulative learning. Each chapter consists of a brief and largely useless intro to the topic at hand, and the rest is just a barrage of function definitions ... in alphabetical order. Each function definition uses esoteric terminology explained only in some other function defintion, but since you have no idea where *that* is, you're lost straight away.Avoid ... like the plague.
If this is about Shopper Intimacy, then pornography to these researchers must include scattergrams, pie charts and bar graphs.  This book read more like a research paper or masters thesis rather than a practical guide for business and provided few conclusions and practically (pardon the pun) no concrete takeaways for a retail business.  Intimacy was the last thing that came to mind after reading this book.While justifying your conclusions and suggestions is important, most books do this in footnotes and endnotes rather  than include their extensive and exhaustive research in the context of the book. Roughly 80% of the book is a discussion of the research methods and raw data the researches used to make their modest conclusions about traffic flows in retail stores as well as displays.Instead of focusing on what retailers can do to increase sales inside their stores, the book focuses on the perspective of the brand's individual presence in the store and how display methods and promotions can influence sales.  For a retail business owner, such suggestions are simply not applicable.  The business owner is more interested in making the sale and having the consumer ideally choose the product that provides the greatest margin.The book does cover some suggestions business owners can use in the "planogram," which involves the layout of product on the shelf.  For example, the researchers found putting the brand leader in the middle of the shelf and prominently displaying higher margin brands next to it actually increases sales of the non-brand leader.  Consumers use the brand leader as an anchor for the category.  This great suggestion doesn't come until you've suffered through half the book's statistical justification for that conclusion.Chapter 8, Decision Drivers, was the true guide portion of the book and covered extremely helpful ideas for decision a retail space and placing product to encourage purchases of not just their intended target, but similar items.  Business owners that don't want to know how these Decision Drivers were determined can simply skip to this section.  The fifty or so pages of this chapter may spark some great ideas for you, but I'm not sure I'd recommend a book that only had 50 pages of useful information.Overall, I'd suggest skipping this book if you are looking for "a practical guide" or how to become more intimate with your customers and understand their buying habits.  If you want to learn about how researchers develop a process of analyzing customer purchases, then this is the book for you!Pros:  A few practical suggestionsCons:  Too many statistics and justification and not enough "intimacy" nor a "practical guide" as the title states
This was probably an interesting book when it was published, a generation ago, in 1995.  Since then, so much has changed, that Tapscott's theses are  either proven or forgotten.  Sure, some of them still have a chance of  happening, and some of his observations about business in general are  interesting and valid, but too much has changed since then.  If he wrote  the book today, I'm sure he would approach vastly different  subjects.There is a gee-whiz character in the book that is a bit  irksome.  In some parts, it reads like Popular Science in the 1930s - this  awe of new technologies, many of which never made it past the drawing  board, that propels him into elegies of modernism (like the high-school kid  with his own home page - back then that might have been  revolutionary...).One thing bothers me a bit: there is a constant, yet  subtle, advertising for his consulting company and workshops running  through the book.  It almost seems that the book is an ad for the  higher-cost training sessions that he runs.  All the diagrams and tables  are copyright New Paradigm Learning Corporation, whereas, technically, you  don't copyright data in this manner.  This makes me uncomfortable, and it  looks like the author is just trying to constantly remind you that his  makes his real money elsewhere.
why is text to speech not enabled...i wont be buying any more of these vbooks until it is. give tyour customers what they want pls. caveat emptor.
After starting this book once before and putting it down from boredom, I was determined to finish it the second time around.  (Upon finishing the book I realized I should not have been so determined).The novel, broken up into three parts, lacks reader interest, good story flow and connectivity.  The author tries to tell the story and history of the McLeod family but I found it way too complicated to comprehend the story the author was trying to convey.
As others have said, the parts of the book written by Jesse Livermore are very worthwhile. However, at least half the book is a mish-mash of Livermore and Richard Smitten, and it's not always clear who is speaking. Smitten essentially repeats everything that Livermore already said and does a terrible job of it. Moreover, his attempt at taking control off the narrative is to bring up the biography he wrote on Livermore and the software based on Livermore's strategy. I can't believe I paid money for an infomercial. It seems like there are other books on Livermore that are more worthwhile.
I know that everyone is so excited, that after 20  years, Indiana Jones is being revived. I too am an Indiana Jones fan, saw all three original movies in the theatre years ago, AND, I too am a James Rollins fan. I've read a few of Rollins' early works and truly enjoyed them. This however is one of the worst books I have ever read. I realize too that this is a novelization based on the movie's screenplay, and boy does it read like one. This reads just like a movie script, nothing but dialog and action, absolutely no substance, no character building, no nothing! The dialog is so corny you want to vomit. The plot is lame, their fictional theory of the origin of the Crystal Skull is obvious and very predictable, the author's attempt at a little romance is beyond pitiful, and I felt the whole novel read like a slapstick episode of the Three Stooges. This is SOOOO bad!. It was truly and effort to finish it, and some of it was just plain painful to read. I sure hope this does not ruin James Rollins' writing career, why he chose to do this is beyond me. One thing came to mind when reading this novel, and that is that if you were not familiar with Indiana Jones, if you were a young person who has not seen the earlier movies, by reading this book you would not know much about who Indiana Jones was, what his past was, where he's been and why. There is simply no character development here on Indy's identity for a newcomer to understand. The book is written with the assumption that we all know just who Indiana Jones is and what he does. There is quite a lot of the usual super-hero action scenes, one through-the-jungle-by-jeep scene that is painstakingly 40 pages long! If this book is literally a scene by scene, line by line, introduction to what we'll see at the movies, I opt to wait for a sale on the DVD if I can find the courage. This was 100% disappointing on all accounts and I would not recommend this to a die-hard Indy fan, nor a young person who doesn't know his story. The sad part about it is, that the die-hard fans of Indiana, want him back so badly, I doubt they'll be realistic as to just  how bad the book or movie actually is.
a bad book from a good writer.tom sanders works at a computer company where he gets sexually harassed by his ex-lover,now his boss,.nobody believes that he got harassed by a woman and the drama unfolds.he sues her  and blah,blah,blah.not a good book.
There was a time when reading an Inspector Wexford mystery rewarded one with the challenge of a good plot to unravel as well as subtle reflections on the good and bad of the society that eventually became today's America.  Reg Wexford was a complex yet wonderfully honest and self-critical member of his time and class. It was always great fun trying to follow the thin beam of light he projected into the darker, villainous side of Merry England. Time,cultural fashion, and Rendell's obsession with political correctness has reduced him to a bumbling, guilt ridden plodder whose main virtue is that he is only marginally less useless than the caricature coppers who replaced him. Sad.
I committed the unpardonable error of buying the abridged cassette. Not only was the narrative boiled down to less than inadequate bare essentials, the tonal quality of the tape was horrid. Why couldn't the entire book be recorded? Zinsser makes a few great points but I knew I had missed far too much by taking a wretched shortcut Now I will have to purchase the book as well.
I bought this book hoping it would help my baby sleep. I didn't so much want her sleeping through the night (she was only 2 months at the time), I just wanted her to be able to put herself to sleep without me rocking her for 30 mins. After a month of trying to implement her "ideas" (and that's all there is, there's no real solution or plan) nothing seemed to work. I mean, come on, what are you supposed to do when the baby cries when you put her in her crib time after time? The ideas in the book were very vague and it was just a bunch of "here try this, try this, try this..." which we did, and it didn't work. Maybe it works for some babies, but, unfortunately, it didn't work for mine. I had a much better outcome using the Ferber method (which is NOT what most people think it is) and within a week she was sleeping so much better and through the night. And no, she DOESN'T hate me like I thought she would after CIO, it's actually the opposite. She is a happy baby, full of smiles, and well-rested. So throw this book away and get Ferber's book. You're baby (and you!) will be fine.
Early in the book, I found myself writing off Kathy and Lester.  Kathy clung to that house as if it represented the only good thing about her.  She had no spine or accountability whatsoever.  On the other hand, Lester just used Kathy to FEEL something.  Again, he took no responsibility to even try to gracefully leave his unfulfilling marriage.  The Colonel, a foreigner, and his family were left to represent the moral and ethical potential in this story.  When he failed, the book was left without redemption.  I grew up in the Bay Area so I know Redwood City, Corona, and the rest of San Mateo County well.  I believe that Dubus adequately described that region.  The town of Corona is indeed foggy and an appropriately dismal setting.  However, I agree with another reviewer that the whining and general descriptions went on ad nauseam.  For this reason, a short story would have sufficed.  Unless you like hopeless books, I suggest that you do not bother with this one.
I expected a lot more from this book. At the very least I'd expected a summation of various option trading strategies and the pro's and cons of each strategy, calculation tables for profits/losses, examples and graphs.There are a lot of option strategies in this book covered, so far so good, but the descriptions of each strategy are just too short. It's almost like the author wanted to finish each chapter on a trading strategy as quickly as possible. Most irritating to me are the terrible small graphs at the end of each chapter. Normally the graphs with the payoff from option strategies represented are vital to see the advantages & disadvantages of each strategy. This book has the worst graphs I've ever seen in a trading book. They're small, there's no explanation, the x-axis nor the y-axis have names, there are various lines on them that are not explained, there's not one example in this whole book illustrated clearly on a graph, ... For the money this book costs, those graphs could easily have been included. These graphs were not helpful at all to me.I have given this book two stars because right now I have a book with a lot of option strategies nicely summed up, and also some classifications of the strategy sorted by volatility, (un)limited risk, ... I'm just disappointed the author managed to mess up the graphs so badly, now they are completely useless to a trader who wants to start trading these various strategies like me.In conclusion: If you want a book with a summation of various option strategies and you're not bothered by little unusable graphs or a complete lack of explanation, give this one a try. If you want a book with these strategies clearly explained accompanied by clear usable graphs, give this one a pass.
1. Caution: it's mp3, not an audio cd, You play it on your computer, not in your car stereo.2. Plus, or minus, the reader is not a great reader. I found it hard to listen to. Blah blah blah. This has not-that-much to do with the content of the material that he is reading. The book may be great. Oliver's production may be great. I do like to watch and listen to Oliver Stone. This is not that.
THANK GOD IT'S MONDAY by Roxanne Emmerich is a small, 176 page book. There are no diagrams or graphs. The book could be subtitled, MANAGEMENT LITE, because of the fact that the writing dwells on easy-to-read descriptions of workplace environments, but provides solutions that are glib and of little substance.The book is a bit too self-promotional. For example, the author states that she has created "profound change for hundreds of companies . . . many businesses double profits and size within three years." (page 1). Fortunately, the writing after this very early point in the book improves somewhat (but still suffers from severe disorganization problems).The author is careful to set the context, in describing certain work environments, where the goal is that the reader will more easily understand the recommended solutions. We learn about an automobile repair shop on the rough side of town. However, we also learn that the employees are cheerful, customer-oriented, and technically savvy. The author provides a clearcut takeaway lesson, "Sara's mind begins to embrace the idea that if a place on the tougher side of the highway that fixes broken car windows can be a great place to be, then maybe working where she works can be fun." (page 11).We learn about management attitudes that lead to good management versus bad management. A poor manager describes his vacation trip to Mexico as a "vacation to get away from his employees." (page 19). The book does refer to poor management techniques, "being controlling, heavy handed, or neurotic" (page 27), but unfortunately fails to provides a concrete example at this point. Later on, we find a description of poor management, "a management style that emulated Simon Legree . . ." (page 75). But this "description" is too nebulous to be informative or to be of any value to the reader. Another, somewhat more successful, description of poor management occurs on the next page ("employees crammed into tiny cubicles where you could hear the next employee sucking his teeth"). And we read about owners roaming from desk to desk at night checking for stolen pencils, or for failure to close window blinds, where the employee was punished by having her phone put in the wastebasket (page 77). It is true that these are all unhappy things. But the author fails to go a step further by providing a solution to these problems. Actually, the author does provide a solution, namely, killing the supervisors ("put the owners' heads on spikes").Because of the use of glib, chatty narratives, and the failure to provide any concrete solutions, this book could be subtitled, "MANAGEMENT LITE."For those interested in more concrete examples of bad management, I recommend CRYSTAL FIRE by Riordan and Hoddeson, which details the abusive management techniques of William Shockley (Nobel Prize winner and co-inventor of the transistor). I also recommend THE TRUTH ABOUT MIDDLE MANAGEERS by Osterman, which describes various types of abusive management techniques, for example, requiring employees to fill out forms at the end of the week, detailing how all their tasks were fulfilled (page 87 of Osterman).Eventually, the author provides the reader with more concrete management techniques where the goal is to improve business, "how your phones are answered, how you greet visitors, the speed with which things are done, the accuracy of transactions . . ." (page 23), eliminating redundancies (page 26), followup plans for new customers (page 26).Unfortunately, we are not provided with any concrete examples of these management techniques. The book could be subtitled, "MANAGEMENT LITE."Roxanne Emmerich's book is sometimes too glib, that is, stating that certain problems, which in real-life are often impossible to overcome, can be easily overcome or solved. For example, we read that "you can be as miserable or as joyful as you choose." (page 37). The reviewer can name a couple of employers where assault and battery was used as a management technique.  I do not find that this is a situation where anybody can be as "joyful as you choose."To give another example of glib advice, the author recommends that we should all not shoot down ideas unless we propose ideas for further progress. (page 38). I agree with this suggestion 100%. However, what the author fails to understand is that many supervisors have no interest in listening to ideas. In part, the reason is that many "supervisors" are not technically savvy enough to understand the technology that they are supposed to be supervising.Here is yet another example of glib advise -- easy to say but impossible to implement in many workplaces. This is the recommendation for "open communication . . . it's about being more open, honest, and direct." (page 42). The author fails to understand that many employers prefer to supervise on the basis of preconceptions and false "information."And yet more glib advice is found on page 66, "Conflict should be worked through daily and directly . . . ask better questions and listen better . . . state all things in the positive." Once again, this is easy to say but often not possible to implement. The book CRYSTAL FIRE, cited above, provides one well-known example of a dictatorial supervisor where the resulting misery cannot likely be overcome by any advice found in THANK GOD IT'S MONDAY.The author repeatedly recommends that managers provide "lavish praise at least five times a day" (page 67) "trusting others more," and "uplifting feedback." (page 72). However, the author fails to take into account of the fact that many managers are incapable of understanding the technical details of their supervisees, and are therefore incapable of providing "uplifting feedback."Actually, I did find exactly one piece of insightful advice, namely that where a supervisor chooses to praise an employee, "there was a fine line between being patronizing and [meaningful praise]." (page 78).To conclude, we find lots of advice, but some of the advice is just too obvious to be considered advice, e.g., be cheerful, while the rest of the advice is too glib to be workable in any real-life situation. Overall, this "book" might reasonably be characterized as being mediocre.
I tried to trudge through this novel in the 1980s when I was twenty. People had told me it was a book any young person could relate to, so I gave it a shot. At the time, I found nothing remotely relatable or interesting about it.I picked it up again in my 40s and again found nothing engaging or redeeming in the plot, characters or writing. It's like slow torture, watching this self-pitying, self-destructive, self-involved jerk spiral out of control. Are we supposed to pity him? Are we supposed to see ourselves in him? It's hard to care what happens to Holden, other than maybe feeling a deep-seated hope that he'll shut up already.It's clear what the appeal must have been 60 years ago: The narrator's then-naturalistic language broke taboos and the book spoke frankly about things traditionally unmentionable in fiction about teenagers. A sullen teen antihero was a radical change. But on its merits as literature away from that context, it's pretty awful.
I have mixed feelings about this book.  It contains a few good nuggets of information.  However, finding those nuggets in the weirdly-formatted layout of this book is problematic.  The publisher was trying way too hard to be hip or trendy, while simultaneously shoveling corporate buzzwords right and left.  (At least there is a helpful glossary at the end for determining what all the double-talk is supposed to mean.)  The content is all over the map, and the book doesn't know its audience.  For example, the last entire section has to do with becoming a director of a company - how to do it, and what the responsibilities are.  However, 99.9999% of the readers of this book will never be a director, and those that will don't need a basic how-to book for management.  The examples of leadership and management are also laughable.  I cringed at the one where a new facilities manager decided to shake up the company hierarchy by removing the reserved spaces in the parking lot for upper management and making other such changes - without any kind of approval from management.  At any real company he'd be sacked within a day.  Here, it's presented as behavior worthy of emulation.There are much better beginners' books for management, such as "101 Biggest Mistakes Managers Make."  Avoid this one.
I loved the rich characters in Silence...., but here, Harris basically abandons Clarice and instead creates an atmospheric, gruesome and gothic story around Hannibal himself.  What is missing is the resolve and further  development of precisely what made these two characters so intriguing in  Silence -- their fierce respect for one another, and their implicit  &quot;oppositeness&quot;.  We never get what we want in this book, which  comes from a completely different angle.  For those of you who enjoyed the  ending, I could not disagree more -- it has one the most disappointing  finales in recent fiction, certainly that involve characters we know.  I  simply have decided to separate this story from the clarity and  near-perfection of Silence..., which is a breed apart.
John Steinbeck is considered a great writer and for years I heard this was his masterpiece.  I finally picked it up one day because I loved the movie (the version with James Dean).  I quickly found out that the movie only covered the last fourth of the book.  Still, despite the length (601 pages), I decided to read it anyways.  Man--this was a struggle!  It's a slow-moving "epic" that follows the Trask family from the Civil War to WW1.  There are tons of characters and situations but it's not an easy read.  Steinbeck was a good writer--his descriptions of California and Salinas Valley are beautiful.  However when it came to characterizations and motivations he was terrible.  All the characters are either evil or good--very black and white.  No shades of grey.  They don't speak--they preach.  I don't think anyone ever talked like this in real life.  Every single event or twist is oversimplified and talked to death.  More than once I got the unpleasant feeling that Steinbeck was talking down to his audience.  Also whatever his message was (I'm assuming he had one) it's totally lost as the story just rambles on and on and ON! As for the ending--it's kind of silly and pointless. It doesn't even SEEM like an end.  It seems Steinbeck just got tired of writing this and gave up.  I got through this hoping there would be some point (or POV) but there wasn't.  I'm surprised this was published in 1952.  Some of the material (mostly dealing with sex) was pretty explicit.  I heard this was not a big hit because it was considered too simplistic and anti-climatic.  I agree!  The movie simplified it even more (but the Hayes Code was still in effect so they had no choice) but it was more interesting. It some excellent actors (James Dean, Raymond Massey, Julie Harris) fleshing out their characters and even gave some motivation and feelings to Kate (Jo Van Fleet won as Oscar for her acting) who is just evil and nothing more in the book. It's never a good sign when a movie adaptation has more interesting characters than the book!  So--it's too long, too obvious and just rambles on and on for no rhyme or reason. Skip this one.
Wow, what a depressing book Kelly Brownell has written. Agribusiness is apparently creating a &quot;toxic environment&quot; for us, especially children, and that environment makes it IMPOSSIBLE for anyone to choose foods wisely.As social science goes, this is garbage. As for even remotely enlightened insight into how any business works, it's one of the stupidest books I've ever read.To begin with, Mr. Brownell is obese himself, which is rather shocking from the director of the Yale Center for Eating and Weight Disorders. Like Dr. Phil McGraw, he has ZERO business writing a book about obesity.This topic is absolutely, concretely germane to his work. After all, a constant theme in the book is that Big Scary Food Companies have Big Scary Vested Interests in producing &quot;toxic&quot; foods. Wouldn't a fat person have a vested interest in writing a book blaming his fatness on anything other than himself?Where to begin with the distortions here? My favorite, which is an overarching narrative throughout Food Fight: It's apparently cheaper to eat junk food, according to Brownell, which is why the poor are so much more likely to be obese than the rest of the population.As someone who made his way through grad school on a weekly food budget of about $25, I'm here to tell you that black beans, brown rice and non-exotic fruits/vegetables bought in season are MUCH cheaper than a $5 trip to McDonald's or Taco Bell three times a day. And the beans/rice/vegetables diet has the added advantage of being nutritionally dense instead of calorically so.Poor people also smoke, drink alcohol and do drugs at much higher rates than the general population. Is this because ciggies are cheaper than air, gin cheaper than water and drugs cheaper than jogging for endorphins? Does Mr. Brownell not understand that the same people who make poor money/employment/education choices often make poor dietary/substance consumption choices as well? But because he, an important Yale faculty member, is obese, he cannot see the general impulse-control problems that rule poor people's lives.Brownell is right that we're genetically programmed to want high concentrations of calories. Where he's so wrong it hurts is that he believes the producers, not the consumers, are at fault when eaters overindulge. Again, being obese himself, he probably really believes that he's not in control when he's stuffing Malomars down his gullet.Bottom line to Kelly Brownell's &quot;science:&quot; People are so dad-blamed stupid that they eat whatever's advertised on TV. They're just zombies with a taste for Big Macs instead of human flesh. Parents are powerless to refuse their children's demands for Ding Dongs and Frosted Flakes. Food companies must quit selling the high-calorie items that are their most popular, or governments must start suing them, a la the tobacco industry.Moronic. Mr. Brownell needs to start where the real responsibility lies: In his own (obese) mouth.
"Dublin" = beautifully written as all Rutherfurd books are, but why in heaven's name is it identical to "Princes of Ireland"? I felt cheated having just read the story in "Princes of Ireland". What was in this author's mind - money from just another book? I'll be careful next I buy his books. The same story under the guise of a different title is not nice!
I think  Coetzee has gone down hill  since he migrated to Australia. I loved "Waiting for the Barbarians" and "Disgrace". But this,  and the one before that  introduced the character Elizabeth Costello were disappointing to say the least.Who IS this Costello woman. She is neither likeable or unlikeable. She is a bore.Don't get me wrong, I am an Australian and there are some wonderful Australian writers, but JMC will never be one.The storyline is simple. Sixty year old migrant loses leg in  bicycle accident and gets depressed. Falls for his Croatian nurse. Is rejected.Into this scenario comes Elizabeth C who is supposedly a writer who has 'imagined' the hero (the amputee) and wants him to change in order to make her new novel interesting.She fails. He doesn't become interesting. Neither does the book!
I give this two stars instead of one because it does have a valid point about adapting to the dizzying change going on around us and finding how to best contribute in this new world.However, the undeniable fact is that there is a lot less cheese than there used to be. The corporate CEOs, the crooked bankers, the defense contractors, the Walton family, and others have grabbed trillions of dollars worth of cheese from the rest of us. So, when we go in search of cheese, most people will find only inferior cheese--and much less of it.The moral of the story is that if we are suffering due to lack of cheese, it is our fault. It's the mean-spirited, idiotic ideology preached by Herman Cain, who told America, "Don't blame Wall Street. Don't blame the big banks. If you don't have a job and you're not rich, blame yourself."  Yeah, right.BTW, if you're wondering where the cheese was moved, it's in the Caymen Islands and other offshore tax shelters.  According to Forbes Magazine, the super rich have stashed $21 Trillion in "cheese." Maybe one day the people in our government will get some balls and make them bring it back.[...]
i realise this book is of note given the time it was published and its stayle, however i think in todays age it is decidely average and ot worth reading unless you have a desire to get a perspective of what would have been revolutionary at the time of its publication.
This is a classic, which is why I picked is up: but it's dated and stilted.  It's what we would today think of as blog posts - insightful discussions on topics that have a generally similar theme, but each is a standalone/though-provoking observation with a point, taking just a few pages.That it's dated is not all that surprising, there have been huge advances in the areas covered; it's just odd to hear about astronauts returning from the moon as if that wasn't long-ago history, and earth-as-an-organism has now been done and redone in much more detail so I thought &#34;and so?&#34; after reading that essay.I also find the writing to be a little too self-conscious and taking-itself-seriously, but that may be that back then &#34;essays&#34; were a particular style (things you wrote for English class?).  Nowadays the blog post has a more relaxed and personal style.
Go to Einstien's Theory of Relativity.  It's just better thought out and easier to understand.  Time travelers cant change events says the author.  So how did he win the lottery????  Oh please.  Dumb book.
Very weird.  I enjoyed it so little I can't even remember how it ended.  It might be good for someone trying to understand autism, but I personally saw no redeeming qualities for me.
I really got into the first part of this book but then my interest quickly waned. Seemed to be just another tome about the drug-fuelled 1980's. Did portray an accurate picture though of alcoholism and how it affects not only the addict but all those around. Nice little trick making one of the characters Martin Amis....sort of gave an impression of how author sees himself. In the end that is what put me off the book....the gross ego centricity but then how does one live up to a father who wrote 'Lucky Jim'...a classic if I ever read one.
Bestseller or no this thing reads with all the flair of a high school history book. Dry, brick-like text, whose only narrative flow seems to be the chronology of it's chapter heads. How you can take cowboys and indians, soldiers and cops, politics and injustice, and make them dull reading is a mystery, but here it is. Good stuff for your research paper I imagine but if you're looking for a page-turner you might find more craft in the FBI files.
I got this from the publishers for an honest review and I'm here to give one.The Lost boys is a YA about a girl who has rather perceptive powers and a ghost with whom she falls for...obviously. While the idea of the story had potential, it was poorly executed. The writing was choppy right off the bat, the unnecessary lines of completely useless drivel about what was going on around her (that in no way moved the story forward) was maddening...to say the least. There were moments that had me wondering if there was an editor involved in the process of this book at all! As a side note, the use of the word, 'anyway' as the first word in a paragraph, outside of dialogue irritated the living hell out of me. In what world do you use 'Anyway,' as an opening when not having or being in a conversation? It sounded as though the writer was telling the story verbally to a friend and you were just overhearing it by accident...hence the choppiness.The writing was rather immature as it felt as though it stemmed from a very young author. I remember once being told on a review of my own story (a FF at the time) that the reader could tell I had aged over the period of time I had been writing the story, as my writing had grown from chapter one to its most recent chapter. So it's understandable to see this sort of thing from a young author, but at the same time, I found myself disliking the characters as they were rather flat and the situations they were put in or were in, just wasn't believable.Now I'm sure others enjoyed it and some may find they enjoy the next one, but I'm afraid I won't be getting on that train anytime soon.
There just wasn't much point to this book...it goes on and on and on, leaving the reader wondering where it's taking you and what's the point.  It's incredibly depressing with NO characters who are people to admire or  aspire to...I didn't like any of the people in the book and the mother, the  central character, is the worst.  Don't waste your time, there are plenty  of better books to read!
If you want to know the streets, cafe and drinking spots in Paris and if you would like to know what Hemingway thought of the other current writers in Paris, this is the book for you.  I personally don't know why he is such a great author, my guess is great marketing, which has a lot to do with all the famous people. Just my own opinion.
My son and I listen to audio books frequently, as we have an hour commute every day.  The Secret Garden is a simply wonderful story, rich in imagination, vivid details, and interesting characters.  When I saw that an audio version was to be released, I pre-ordered it for Christmas.  We began listening to it today, and what a complete disappointment!Now, Finola Hughes is beautiful to look at, but the quality of her voice is just mediocre, and that's the whole point of *listening* to a book.  She has the English accent, which is indeed a plus in this story, but her voice is thin and has an almost gravely quality to it, like she has just woken up or is recovering from a lingering cold.She "reads" the story, with not much expression and strange emphasis on random words.  A good audio book narrator whisks you away to the world they are reading about and you get lost on the heart of the story, almost as if you are observing it for yourself.  This narration is like a kind aunt is reading you a bedtime story.  The way she makes the voice for young Mary is squeaky and unrealistic and the thought that I have to listen to the entire thing for 8 hours may just cause me to drive off the road.When looking for an audio book I suggest you look for the credentials of the reader.  Stage performers are best, as they have really mastered capturing the audience with their voice, and not special effects and extreme camera close-ups.  I feel let down by the publishing company who seemed to dart off to a "famous" Brit and did not require an audition.  She was a Soap Opera star in the 80's and a recent reality TV show hostess on cable.  I had wished they had actually hired someone who knows about inflection and character building.  Shame on them.If you are into the classic children's stories, I highly recommend Peter Pan narrated by Jim Dale (http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords;=peter+pan+audio&x;=0&y;=0) or The Velveteen Rabbit narrated by Meryl Streep. Those "readers" will transport you off to the inside pages of the book instead of imagining them in a recording booth.  Such a terrible disappointment!
I was very disappointed by the latest book of Michael Crichton, of whom I am a great fan. What I appreciated in his earlier books was the capacity to treat various issues (about society, science, ethics) in a highly  entertaining way. But his latest book seams to have been wrote more for the  movie that inevitable will follow rather than to convey some idea. The  story is packed with action and centered on a group of American students  sent beck to Medieval Europe. But the ploy is weak and highly predictable,  with the group going through fights with Medieval knights as easily as  having a game of Ping Pong, and ultimately the story start to repeat  it-self, with the end where &quot;the bad guy&quot; will pay for his  arrogance.
If you are interested in learning about Muslim customs, dialect, and dress, this book is for you.  If you're looking for an in-depth analysis of the history and current state of Islam as a religion, keep looking.  Some people may find it interesting to learn the names of the various Muslim garments (none of which I can now remember), but I suspect most people that look into this book will be searching for something with a little more investigation into the background and meaning of Islam and the current thinking of Muslim people.  And there is very little of that to be found here.Even the chapters dedicated to what I thought would be the more informative aspects of the book are rather shallow.  Analyses of the status of Muslim women and of the reasons for the Islamic world's regression in technology and economics are less than inspiring.  In fact, nearly everything in this book, except for various Arabic words and their definitions, seems commonplace and well-known.  Really nothing ground-breaking or understanding-inducing to be found.This book also fails to provide any sort of depth in its analysis of Islamic history, the Koran, or the prophet Mohammad.  Surprising given the title of the book, but fitting considering the rest of the content.  The book does include a few Koranic quotes that help explain Muslim tendencies toward war and conquest and provides the very ambiguous conclusion that Islam is really neither a "religion of peace", nor a backward and dangerous religion of the sword.Ridiculously un-funny excerpts meant to demonstrate "Islamic Humor" appear throughout the book.  Most are impossible to see how they could possibly be considered funny in any way at all, while a very few show some small glimmer of cleverness, but still fail at approaching anything near a joke.  The following quotes one of the more disturbing examples of Islamic Humor found in this book (p.217):A certain man became a Shi'ite and went around saying that whoever  was not a Shi'ite was a bastard.  His son said to him: "But I am not a Shi'ite."To this the man replied: "Yes indeed. I bedded your mother before I bought her."The book ends with a extremely disappointing chapter entitled "Radical Islam" that takes up all of about 5 pages and is mostly a discourse on the correct descriptor to use when talking about Islamic extremists, and with a statement by the authors to the effect of -Most Muslims are not radical, and most radicals aren't terrorists.  Almost no analyses of why radical Islam has become so prominent, nor what radical sympathizers want or expect.  You do get a nice photo of Osama, but absolutely nothing about his past or present influences or inspirations.  Or about the reluctance of Muslim leaders to condemn terrorist acts.So, if you want to learn about Arabic writing styles, architecture, and clothing, you may want to check this one out from your public library.  But if you are looking for something to really help you understand the philosophies, thoughts, and motivations of the Islamic people that have so suddenly come into all of our daily thoughts, look elsewhere.
Any valuable information contained in this book is completely lost in a muddle of infuriatingly CRAP writing.  This editor was asleep at the wheel.  I mean, seriously-- WTF?  How many times can an author belabor the vampire metaphor?  "... and, just like a vampire, narcissists hypnotize you." "...and just like a vampire, they are creatures of darkness." "...and just like a vampire, you have to invite them in." "... and just like a vampire, they can't see themselves in the mirror." Oh, for God's sakes!  Just like a vampire, this writer can bite me.
This novel's conception of time travel is clever and original, and it carries you far enough into the book to hook you.  The "time traveller" goes back and forth in his own life, for brief periods and outside of his control, creating interesting situations.  For example, when he is 31 he can spend time with his wife when she was 6---so that he knows their future but she does not---and then meet her in "real time" when she is 20 and he is 28---so that she knows who he is (having met him many times as he time travelled back to her), but he does not know who she is (since all that time travelling was done by his older self).The mental gymnastics necessary to follow these gyrations occupy the reader for a time, and the originality of their execution holds great promise for the story.  Unfortunately, that promise in never fulfilled.  In short, nothing really happens, and neither the writing nor the thinking is of the rare quality necessary to engage a reader with nothing happening.About half way through, I discovered that really the whole story could have been written without the time travel device, and that story would have been very dull indeed.  The time travel trick is the candy coating that allows one to take the medicine of the book, but to no particular end.  The fascination of time travel (and the fascinating possibilities for the fiction writer) are largely ignored.  While the time traveller alludes to popping up anywhere, all the episodes in the book involve time travelling around either himself or his wife, so it is more life out-of-order than anything else.  The author focuses solely on the relationship between the time traveler and his wife (as she ranges from age six forward and he from about 21 forward, with all kinds of combinations), but there is no special payoff in romance, intrigue or insight in the conveying of that relationship.
This book is an example of what happens when megalomania takes over a person and that person drags everyone down. I wanted this book to end even though I could tell that it was going to end badly.
I generally really enjoy historical literature and with all the great reviews, I expected this book to be good.  Quite the contrary--this book was terribly boring.  I can't believe how many descriptions of brine there were, each explained in excrutiating detail.  I stopped reading it after 100 pages since it didn't seem to have any hope of getting more interesting.
I was one of the lucky ones who managed to make it through high school without having to read The Catcher in the Rye. However, I was recently challenged on J. D. Salinger's "magnum opus" and, having never read it, I could not respond other than to say, "Don't know." So in the interest of informing myself on the subject, I read it.In brief, The Catcher in the Rye is a tale of Holden Caulfield, a neurotic, narcissistic sixteen year-old from an upper crusty family who flunks out of prep school and spends a night of debauchery in New York City. Holden has a penchant for calling everyone a phony, yet it soon becomes obvious that he's the biggest phony of them all. The narrative style is first person, so the reader is forced to endure Holden's puerile blather throughout the entirety of the work. The fact that his younger brother died tragically is supposed to add a level of pathos to the story, and I suppose provide an excuse for why Holden acts and thinks the way he does.There is so much wrong with this book, that it can't possibly deserve the kind of accolades its gotten over the years on the strength of Salinger's writing skills alone. Simply put, what made this book special is that it was (and is) a vehicle for introducing young people to obscenity and "alternative lifestyles"--and making them seem normal, at least in comparison to the occasionally judgmental but always hypocritical main character. The amount of pointless vulgarity and blasphemous language contained in The Catcher in the Rye is so overwhelming, even by today's standards, that the reader quickly becomes numb to it. It was apparently one of the first mass market books to incorporate the phrase "f--- you", and no doubt that made it immediately attractive to those with an agenda of breaking down societal standards.Salinger is a sloppy writer, with stream-of-consciousness tangents flowing out in every direction. Some of these are meant to be profound, I suppose, but their profundity never reaches above the level of frat-house philosophy. Some might say that this was Salinger's point--to recreate the ribald banter and egotistical musings of upper-class teenagers. But to what end? Such talk quickly becomes trite and tiresome in person, let alone when encountered in the written word.On the whole, there is nothing inspired or inspiring about The Catcher in the Rye. I can't imagine how anyone who reads it will come away with any positive insights into life, the world, or the human condition--negative ones abound, of course. Recalling how nave I was as a teenager, I can readily imagine the kind of impact a book like this might have had on me, particularly in light of the false gravitas English professors are wont to bestow upon the works they select for study.If you are a young person whose professor has selected The Catcher in the Rye as part of your course work, you should take it as an insult. Imagine as you read that this is how your professor views you and everyone in your age bracket--as moody, ill-spoken, amoral losers who awkwardly seek sexual encounters and intoxication at every turn. If you don't view yourself that way, I would encourage you to read something better, more positive, and more uplifting--like the book that would have been my favorite as a teenager had it been available at that time:Angels in Iron.
I think "Positioning" is the best ever book written on marketing by Al Ries. But this book is just a positioning they build on that book. I recommend reading "Art of War" by Sun Tzu instead of this book, and apply in marketing and everyday life. So simple.
Luther Krank and his wife decide, since their only daughter has joined the Peace Corps and will be away, not to decorate for Christmas and go on a cruise instead. Their Christmas-decorating-frenzied neighbors are incensed by this and make life miserable for the Kranks--as if decorating for Christmas was mandatory and everyone has to have singing and dancing lights and a plastic Frosty on their roof to be happy. Then the Kranks' daughter decides to come home unexpectedly, with a boyfriend she wants to show her family's wonderful Christmas celebrations and the couple has to scramble to do things at the last minute and the ingrate neighbors are no help. Granted, Luther isn't the most likeable character, but I truly felt bad for him with this wretched bunch of insensitive, asinine neighbors, and his wife, who completely turns around and repudiates him. The only thing nice that happens in this book is something Luther does at the end to some neighbors who are having a hard time. I didn't find this funny at all; I found it appalling. If I were the Kranks, I'd pull up stakes and move the moment their daughter leaves again.
I'm constantly puzzled by the need to re-tell a story that's already been told well. Sure, make yet another movie of Moby Dick until someone "gets it right." And maybe, like No Country For Old Men, a film of The Road will strip away the self-indulgent tiresomeness of the original (though initial reviews suggest the opposite). But why reshoot Psycho with Vince Vaughan? Why remake Chinatown? Films and novels are not like music or drama, which only wholly exist in performance. A retelling of a novel (for example Alison Baird's wonderful White as the Waves, from Moby Dick's point of view) should give us something both different from the original and worthwhile for its own sake. So, why retell the story of Frankenstein?The answer seems pretty clear: This novel will tell us what "really" happened that caused Mary Shelley to write her wonderful novel. But as "what really happened," the novel falls far short of satisfying. The science is no more credible, in spite of its results, than Shelley's of nearly two centuries ago. It's a bit more lurid, but that doesn't take much. The action seems to "inspire" scenes in the original novel, until you recall that there is no way, given the conclusion, that Mary Shelley could have know that. It's sham.Well, then, how about telling who these people were, who congregated at Lake Diodati and, of two major poets and two rank amateurs, only the amateur (the least among them, in their own view) produced something worthwhile. And that far more than worthwhile: one of the classic foundation novels of science fiction and an extraordinary window into Europe of the Industrial Revolution and the beginnings of the cult of science. But no, Ackroyd doesn't pull that off either. The identity of the "monster" in his novel is so ridiculous it wrecks the story. If it didn't, the "super powers" would pulverize what's left. Since the Shelleys and Lord Byron are less obviously but equally not meant to be the historical figures (but merely people based on historical figures), this justification falls apart. And the conclusion is a trite bit of cheap fantasy deus ex machina that robs the story of any relevance to anything. If the ending is "true," then nothing in the novel is.Sorry. I wanted to like this book, and I was looking forward to settling in with Peter Ackroyd's other novels. This one was so bad, in that special way intellectual novels are bad, that I doubt if I'll bother with another.
Back in 2006 Apple stopped using the people PC in its computers.  This CD is from 2007 and does not run on intel processors that apple has used for 6 years now even though is states it runs on apple!What crappy quality control at Pearson!
Not quite what I expected.No great insight.Formulaic and a bit simplistic.Someone on a blog raved about this book - I didn't quite see it as anything worthy of a book.  Perhaps as a 2-3 page article.
Perhaps I'm the wrong kind of reader for this kind of book. I'm not the action-thriller type at all, but this book fails to move. Instead it is full of over-long descriptions of nothing. It takes nearly 200 pages for anything to happen. I enjoy 'getting into' characters, but after this much introduction, I should care about them. I didn't know the characters &amp; I didn't care about them. I found I could quickly scan many pages and not miss a thing. (I almost never do so.) One thing finally happens, which is the unresolved theme of the rest of the book. By the time it's resolved (or rather, NOT resolved) I didn't care any more. The only interesting part was 50 pages in the middle describing the horrors of Dunkirk during WW II.I know this got all kinds of awards, but I'm sorry - no plaudits from me.
I wish I could give it zero stars or minus-20.  Terrible book.BLENDER Magazine dubbed it THE Worst Rock Biography of all time, which is why I bought it off e-bay - just to see how bad it could be.It lived down to my expectations.
In the introduction the author mentions several times this book is really hard work and just getting through portions of it should take many days. He says it's not a "feel good book" you can read on an airplane. He also points out it's a prequel to his 2002 book Agile Software Development.This book *is* hard work. It's much like a textbook with lots of homework problems. And some of the problems you're expected to solve seem to be needlessly complex or even obtuse in terms of getting across the desired concept--like a college professor trying to challenge even the best students.This isn't supposed to be a book on how to figure out poor or tricky code, it's a book on how to write clean code. If you like the challenge of figuring out other's code, you'll likely enjoy this book. If not, you might be better off with something like Code Complete 2 that takes a more practical and readable approach.My second disappointment is some of what's in this book seems dated. The author himself says the book is a prequel to his 2002 book, and some of his perspective is clearly from that era. As we all know, software development is constantly evolving. Many things that were considered "best practices" a decade ago have been abandoned or improved today. But Uncle Bob (Martin), who's been writing software since the 70's, seems to have a romantic attachment to some outdated concepts. Again, Code Complete seems to have done a better job staying current.I'm also not especially fond of the writing style and perspective. The author seems to put writing software on par with being a world renowned master architect or artist. His implication is we should all strive to have every line and brushstroke be perfect and create works of art to be deeply admired by anyone who sees them. I think the realities of the world today make such an approach impractical.Few of us have the luxury of treating our code as something we can take many years refactoring and perfecting before releasing it. This book does little to help someone balance the cleanliness of their code with outside requirements they have little control over. Martin simply suggests developers need to stand up to management and make their own demands. That's often not realistic. Most people writing code are more like the guys who frame houses, install the plumbing, etc.--not the master architect who drew up the plans. We're required to be as productive as possible.Martin acknowledges his ways are not the only way but he often implies they're the only *correct* way. To me this seems arrogant. He reminds me of a department head in college--someone who's above everyone else. Personally, I do better with books where the author come across as more of a peer than a self-proclaimed guru.So, in the interest of full disclosure, I haven't made it through this entire book and probably won't. I've read The Practice Of Programming, The Pragmatic Programmer, Code Complete 2, and I just can't find much practical in Clean Code that adds to what's in the other books. If you have read any of these, this book might be a waste of money unless you really enjoy the challenge of wading through code examples, you teach programming, or you're especially fond of the author and his idealistic perspectives.
Some of the book is informative, but most of it deals with electrical crap that only an electrician would understand.  VERY disappointing and a waste of my money.
This book is dreadfully dull. So dull, in fact, that I actually felt angry when I finally reached the last page. Not only did I waste money buying this drivel, more importantly, I wasted several precious hours of my time that would have been better spent picking up dog doodoo in the backyard.The entire story, save Part III, is a collection of flashbacks and "current" events. It's like a tennis match. The reader's head is uncomfortably jerked side to side in an effort to keep track of the rocketing volleys between past and present. It wouldn't be so annoying if we could at least see an impressive overhead smash in the storyline once in a while. Unfortunately, little excitement is found during Julia Glass' emotionless depiction of the McLeod family and the events (or lack thereof) of three different summers.The Scottish patriarch, Paul McLeod, is a good man, reserved, a little sad, a little lonely (during his marriage as well as after his wife's death) and a lot boring. The mother is somewhat distant. She is not a traditional cookie-baking, over-involved mother. She breeds and sells dogs and is perhaps more dedicated to and affectionate with the dogs than with any member of her family. There are occasional references to her likely infidelities, but we never get the whole story. The mother could actually be quite interesting, but the author only allows us glimpses of her. Instead, she focuses on the eldest brother, Fenno, a reserved, lonely gay man living in NYC who is, what else, bloody boring! Afraid of the HIV/AIDS outbreak during the 80s, Fenno protects himself by avoiding promiscuous sex, effectively isolating himself from significant relationships. I was thrilled when the AIDS-stricken Mal, Fenno's friend and neighbor, finally commands him to LIVE! I thought, "Thank goodness! The author DOES realize how boring a character Fenno is. She's finally going to get things moving." Alas. It is not to be.Fenno's younger twin brothers and their wives offer a bit of a distraction. Dennis' controlling French wife, Veronique, is entertaining while David and Lil's childless circumstance and proposed solution provide a much-needed rain shower in the otherwise endless expanse of dry desert. However, both distractions dry up and evaporate quickly, leaving the reader feeling cheated and still parched.The last "June" introduces a new character, Fern. Who is she? Where did she come from all of a sudden? Why should we care about her? Don't ask me. I haven't a clue. Yes, she does have a connection and forms a friendship with Fenno as they are both former lovers of Tony. In this last section of the book, Fern, Fenno, Dennis, Tony and Tony's current lover, Richard, are all staying together on a sort of holiday. Tony is a promiscuous, self-involved photographer who possesses few likable qualities. Why Fern and Fenno continue to hang around him and why Tony keeps them around is beyond me. Fern is recently widowed and now pregnant with her boyfriend's child, which he knows nothing about as he has been on an extended family visit to Greece. And this fits into the story about the McLeod family how? *shrug* Got me.Fenno continues to be shockingly uninteresting as does the conclusion of the book. Maybe I'm overly critical and simply didn't "get" the point of the story. I think I was supposed to gain all kinds of wise and subtle insight into the poignant beauty, misperceptions and melancholy that surrounds a family and the interwoven relationships within. Sadly, the only thing I got from the book is a whole lot of nothing. On the other hand, I definitely recommend this book as it is a most effective sleep aid.
Good insight into life under Mao, but the author is annoyingly self pitying and self agrandizing.
Oldham's writing style is unbearable, unreadable and unfollowable. I'm sure he has fascinating stories to tell but I thought I was reading a "J. Petterman" catalog. His sense of narrative truly creates drivel.What was the editor thinking here? This is waaaaay too pretentious of a writing style.
So many good books, so little time.  I regret the hours that I wasted reading this book.  It is confusing with switches to the past and present leaving me re-reading to clarify, it's not compelling and I tossed it aside after reading half, disappointed and too bored to go on.  But being a "finish what you start" person, I picked it up and plowed through. Not only does it not compare to Da Vinci Code, it doesn't stand on it's own as an interesting read.
This book had pretty good content, but it is essentially just a bound printout of the book which is available for free on the author's website.Don't waste your money.
I'm amazed at how many people find the Dharma Bums worth reading. It's Kerouac at his flattest. The sentences lack his usual energy and lyrical beauty, there is virtually no action and the Buddhist philosophy feels pasted on and contrived. This is definitely not a Kerouac book to recommend. Readers would to better to pick up a copy of Desolation Angels or (excepting the 140 pages of transcribed conversation in the middle) Visions of Cody. If you've already read lots of Kerouac and you want to move on to a modern counterpart, pick up Vincent Czyz's Adrift in a Vanishing City ... lyrical, experimental, hot-house writing that takes a quick-talkin drifter out of his native Kansas as far afield as Berlin, Mexico City and Paris. And through it all, he  never loses his vernacular, even when waxin metaphysical. You might also try sliding over to Henry Miller ... not Tropic of Cancer, which is his most popular, but Sexus, which is far better written.
I bought the book because outside-in approach is also my personal approach to business strategy. But after reading 30 or 40 pages I realized that these authors are talking some other kind of outside-in concept whereby their reccommendations inside-out approaches in many parts of the book (like Stage III, Expand the Growth Opportunities). Also they have a very weird understanding of innovation and brand management.The book starts with stating that inside-out strategies where you focus on pushing the sales on existing products or services, i.e. increasing the efficiency of the enterprise. This is good. They then move on to explain how this can be achieved. For this they offer 4 imperatives:1. To be a customer value leader with a distinct and compelling customer value proposition,2. Innovate new value for customers,3. Capitalize on customer as an asset,4. Capitalize on the brand as an asset.The authors then move on to explain each one of these imperatives, usually with contradictory examples. But as you keep reading, you realize that number one and number two are one and the same thing. It is pretty obvious that if you want to be a customer value leader, you have to keep coming to the market with new and different customer value propositions (CVP). But then, to be able to create new and superior CVPs you have only one way to go: Innovate.When you reach the explanation of innovation, you find out that they have a very weird understanding of innovation. For them (although in a later chapter they give more examples on innovation)innovation is about moving to adjacencies. Their greatest example in the book is Tesco. They mention that Tesco "innovated" three types of stores which differ in their sizes and collection of SKUs: Tesco Express, Tesco Metro, Tesco Extra. And this is a major innovation !!!!!! Moreover, Tesco entered into banking industry and this is offered to us as a major innovation. This is a very dangerous suggestion to companies. Because adjacency moves are usually very risky and especially when the adjacency is far away from your core business (read Chris Zook's "Profit from the Core"). I wonder why Tesco is not moving into hotel management business? Or may be cruise business. The authors reccommendations are a perfect recipe for death.Their dangerous reccommendations do not stop there. They reccommend brand extension. Even though one of the authors is apparently an expert on marketing, they still seem to forget this very basic rule of branding: Brand extension could be potentially a dangerous strategy and hence should be very carefully studied before moving into. Also the following statement is not correct: "Brands can also be valuable assets for companies. However, many companies fail to capitalize on the brand as an asset." Nothing could be further from the truth. If you search marketing literature, you will see more boks on branding and brand management than any other subject. Branding is one of the most focused areas in real business. My question to the authors will be this: Do you think the luxury goods group LVMH is among those companies who fail to capitalize on the brand as an asset? Because instead of branding everthing as Louis Voitton (which is a very very strong brand), they have tens of different brands whereby the final consumer does not even know that the brand Bulgari or the whisky brand Glenmorangie belong to Louis Vuitton group.So my overall view about this book is:* Firstly that the concept of "outside-in" is rather old and not an invention of the authors. Adrian Slywotzky, for example, has been writing on this concept for many years. He also has a much clear methodology for outside-in Strategy developmet,* Secondly, this is a patchwork-like book which does not have a strong conceptual framework of its on. It is a little bit Blue Ocean Strategy, a little Clayton Christensen, some CRM (is the customer pocket share concept stil being talked about?),* Thirdly, it is very hard to read. This is firstly because of the contradictory nature of the arguments and examples and secondly because of bad prose. Also they try to create unnecessary jargon as if existing jargon is not confusing enough. How about this: Customer Asset Manager.* Michael Porter, in his 1995 HBR paper said this: "Strategy is about being different." In this book I found the words `different' 3 times and `differentiaton' 8 times. Maybe somenone should remind the authors that the main purpose of outside-in Strategy making is to discover new and "differentiating" CVPs and nothing else. I am thus sorry to say that, if you do not maket his Point at the outset and keep repeating it, you Strategy book ceizes to look like a Strategy book at all.In a nutshell, I personally did not learn any single thing from this book. I consider my time wasted.
This book touts some heavy math and spreadsheet equations that cause your options research to slow to a halt, missing out on many opportunities in the mean time. There are much easier strategies out there that will generate similar returns.
This book was required for an introductory course in physical chemistry that I took.  In general, I'd say that this book far from ideal for such as chemistry course and may be better for physics course.  Overall though, it was somewhat helpful to learn some key points about quantum mechanics.  My main complaint stems from the purpose of the book stated by the author. In his introduction, David Griffiths claims that this textbook teaches students "how to do" quantum mechanics.  In reality, this couldn't be any further from the truth.  Relatively few practice problems are available in the book and the ones that are present are very difficult to do without the use of a program such as Mathematica.  The book works out some easier problems for students, but then abandoms them for much more difficult ones.  Worse yet, there is no solution manuel that students can buy; it is only available to instructors.  Given these issues, I don't see how Griffiths can honestly claim that he is teaching students to do quantum mechanics.  There is no unique pediology found here--Quantum Mechanics is just as dense as many other advanced textbooks.  At least it has an amusing picture of Schreodinger's cat on it.
There are no information on 3 exam objectives: Common architectures, Legacy connectivity, and Messaging. That is why I give the book 2 stars. This book is ONLY useful as a study guide, and as such it must be complete.The objectives that are covered, are covered in a very short and consise way, which is fine for a study guide, but is not enough if you really want to learn the topic.
This is my least favorite Swallows & Amazons book.  The Swallows, Amazons, and new friends the Eels are mapping the islands and channels in a tidal slough.  This means waiting for the right tide, sailing somewhere, getting stuck a lot in the mud, taking bearings, and racing back to camp before the tide goes out.  Repeat for five or six days.  I wish they'd gone with Nancy's idea of a war instead!The surveying and the illustrations of the map in progress are interesting, but you need the completed map (in the front cover) to follow Ransome's vague descriptions, and that map reveals many plot points, spoiling any sense of tension.
I find myself a little confused on how to write a review for this book.  While the read was easy and I found myself looking forward to picking up where I left off, I see now that I was searching for the content this story needed but never developed.  Perhaps it was authors stab at trying to write an original Fitzgeraldesque novel and spicing it up with some mystery that would appeal to a broader audience.  The only problem is, without writing a thousand page novel, there is no way to get the Fitzgerald type character development they are looking for and still have a solid story unfold, leaving a pretty hollow book with the reader really desiring a lot more. Don't get me wrong, there are glimpses of good writing, perhaps with time the author/s will develop better story telling abilities.Needless to say, I'm surprised at the popularity of this book.
I'd like to start by saying that the author clearly has a passion and vast knowledge of the subject. He is the right author for a book on curation and has a lot of great contacts to source information from. However...Curation Nation starts in an odd fashion, even by just looking at the cover. This book has two tag lines - "Why The Future of Content is Context" and "How to Win in a World Where Consumers are Creators". The most apt title title is the first. It is a 'why' book. But the reason you'd buy this book and the larger weighted subtitle is the second, which really isn't accurate at all. This is not a how to book, Steven even says so in reply to a review here on Amazon... "But it's not a how-to book".The book falls foul of it's own subject. The book is poorly organised. The first quarter moves rapidly from introduction, to customer service, to how-to then general social media information. The rest of the book is just variations of 'Curation is important'. Which it is, but I'd suggest many of the actions Steve calls Curation (which involves adding value) are not.The most interesting chapter is 'tools and techniques', but it is short and low on information. An opportunity to get the new curator started is lost as the book goes on to feature famous old media person after famous old media person who bought their way into new media.Steven then goes on to attack search. "Search is broken. It's over. Done. Gone". Yet the examples he provides makes little sense. Why is it even in the book? Is search really considered a threat?The book is also full of grammatical and spelling errors, the type of which a spell checker wouldn't pick up but a proof reader would have. Very odd.I feel sad to give this only 2 stars considering the passion that went into it. This could have been a really good book had it focused on the 'how-to' and provided people the tools and techniques to get going. Instead it's just convincing readers of something they already know.
and this is nothing like a good parable. This was too contrived to be good, and very disappointing. Very silly and not all that well-written. Parables are inspired, this read as if the author spent too much time making the obvious complicated!
Do any of you recall what M.F.K. Fisher said about a certain kinds of writing about food? Refer to the first chapter of her 1937 'Serve It Forth'; included in the compilation 'The Art of Eating'. Mr. Hopkins' work manages to totter and crumple amongst his experiences and preferences, sometimes evoking appreciation or a chuckle. The recipes are not bad, merely not that necessary if you are an experienced cook. Newish or learning cooks will be better served by purchasing the two volume "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" by Julie Child, a pre-1980's edition of Joy of Cooking, and one of Mark Bittman's 'How to Cook Everything' books. If you want to give a novice cook some food history and appreciation, with recipes, Raymond Sokolov's 'The Cooks Canon' is a better choice.
This book is an example of how NOT to teach language. It purports to have small snippets of conversation but they are contrived events with sound effects that annoy rather than enhance. Concepts are not very clearly presented and you will spend more time figuring out what they are trying to tell you than learning anything.You are far better off going to one of several UK sites (like BBC) where they appear to know how to teach languages.
This arch, posturing novel is bloodless, unaffecting, prissy-pants, and reeks of falsity. No fictional reality is created; instead, there is a haphazard, tossed-off quality. Most of the events are drained white of any drama or power, presumably purposely. I need to reread Tom Sharpe's big-hearted South Africa books, Riotous Assembly and Indecent Exposure, to cleanse my palate of this pinched, fussy thing.
I actually read the fourth book in the series - Drums of Autumn - first, because I was flying through my reading material and my husband had this one sitting on the shelf.  LOVED it!  I went to the library and found the series started here.  WANTED to love it...It's all been said, so I won't go into detail about all the pros and cons of the writing, era, genre.  Any enjoyment is greatly outweighed by the graphic violence.  As someone else said, I wish I'd read reviews before I let these images loose in my head.  Specifically, I agree with all the negative comments about the final seen between hero and antagonist; the intimate details of the anal rape were a lot more than I needed.  If I could poor bleach in my ear and scrub out the second half of this book, I would.
Let me first state that i was attracted by the credits, where the book is compared to such oppositional works as Eco's"Name of the rose" and the books of Dan Brown. Consequently both of them which are to me as different as day and nightand which i both read with great pleasure, became my leveling rules. Also the idea of breaking a 500 years old code isalways an attractive subject but from this track i was thoroughly dissapointed.The setting where four ivy league college students struggle to solve the riddle of a renaissance book - the hypnerotomachiapoliphili - during their graduation period is not thrilling at all. To me it seems to be more of asolid coming-of-age story such as "Dead Poets Society" or "Secret History" than a story of unrevealing unsolved complexmysteries of a book such as "The Club Dumas" of Arturo Perez-Reverte. To me the book is not that complex and simply notthick enough to cover both plots sufficiently. Consequently both of them are not fully developed, or i did not realize thehidden ideas and links.The somewhat better coming-of-age plot:The main characters of the book appear to me as stereotypical. There is a son of a rich family who makes friends withthree students from different classes. There is the narrator from an intellectual family haunted by his late father'sghost who also worked on the book. Then there is the practical and philanthropic black boy from a stable middle classfamily who works as an EMT to gain money for his studies and finally, the orphan prodigy who finds his life's aim instudying the mysterious book. Besides there is an art dealer and a sinister and narrow-minded yet extremelyintelligent (!?) professor who also worked on the riddle for all of their lifes and who make use of the orphanas a tool for their ambitions. This is the bitter lesson the orphan has to learn. The rich boy must prepare his eating-clubseaster ceremony so we can learn something about ivy league college life. The practical boy gets hurt while helping hisfriends. The narrator has to decide between his Aphrodite- and Athena-like girl-friend while working on the book. All of themmust write their final thesis. Neither of those characters backgrounds is fully developed yet complex enough toread more about it. To me, even the climactic struggle of the narrator, while beingcompletely absorbed by his futile attempts to solve the riddle and neglecting his girlfriend, is written in a distantand sometimes lifeless style. The fever that keeps you awake day and night to solve the mystery of a book is not inflamed.It cannot be compared to Eco's vivid descriptions like the vision of the church's portal, the quests forbooks in the middle ages or when the monks enter the scriptorium and the library.Even if the final fire that apparently consumes the orphan and one of his mentors is integrated,"The Rule of Four" ends with a typical hollywood-like-sequel-announcing cliffhanger. After years ofsolitary life the narrator receives a proof of the solved riddle and sets sails for italy to ... whatever.The - not at all interesting - solving of the riddle:No details or references are given but there are some hints in the second and third paragraph!I expected something like the implicit symbols, hints, loose ends, and unsolved mysteries as described inthe name of the rose and the same playful switching between medieval and modern perception and philosophy.In "The Rule of Four" there is only one riddle - as mentioned above: perhaps i missed the others - and an entireand to me banal solution of the secret is proposed. This solution seems to me vivid and practical but superficialand far too simple, such as the naive and bureaucratic conclusions of the da Vinci Code.From my point of view the secret hidden in the hypnerotomachia poliphili must be covered by a giant, yetundiscovered and unrecorded mass murder in renaissance italy such as the tomb of Qin Shihuang in China,which seems completely unbelievable. Furthermore it must have left all the great artists, scholars andengineers of this time utterly displeased and frustrated. Even for the whereabouts of Aristoteles book, Eco,does not propose a banal and hypothetic destiny, he carefully destroys it, and yet the reader is not leftunsatisfied with a brute force cliffhanger.The secret of the hypnerotomachia poliphili is presented as a set of puzzles which i could only partly retrace.The set of wood cuts from the book is interpreted in a conclusive and sound way. But all the otherpuzzles which mainly involve code breaking remain untraceable to me as a computer scientist. The actual rule offour itself is completely unbelievable with respect to the size of the hypnerotomachia poliphili as well astechnical and esthetic aspects of printing. In this case even the simple but completely retraceable puzzlesof "The da Vinci Code" are better integrated in the plot.The authors try to create an atmosphere of the struggle for awareness during renaissance and its meaning for todayyet this is always seen from an american point of view on freedom, liberty and truth. However one of the best parts is adialog about truth between Savonarola and the author of the hypnerotomachia poliphili before the burning.As a conclusion i missed both the intellectual richness, historic embedding, and playfulness of Eco andthe thrilling speed and sheer dimension of the plots of Dan Brown. Perhaps reading the book would not havebeen such a dissapointment without these comparisons in mind, since the style of writing is excellent.
I was hoping this book/CD would help me learn some Greek for my upcoming vacation but it is more of a grammar/indepth course than a casual one.  It's probably very useful if you want to REALLY know all about the Greek language but not if you just want to learn a few useful words as a tourist.
Considered perhaps the finest example of 20th century literature, this is the enormously frustrating, mind-numbingly convoluted, semi-autobiographical expression of one man's spiritual and intellectual awakening.  I feared this book for years, and rightfully so.  While the prose is immensely fluid - so much so that you barely notice the fact that you've easily read several paragraphs without understanding a word of it - the substance will prove more of a challenge than most intelligent readers are looking for.  Unless one devotes an enormous amount of mental energy to close examination of this text, a basic understanding of the plot and message is the most the average reader will come away with.  Alas, I opted for the easy way out, and as such, I'm sure there is plenty in this novel that eludes me.Joyce creates the character of Stephen Dedalus to describe his own experience as a boy growing into manhood.  Joyce first examines Stephen's youth, giving careful attention to his family life and upbringing as powerful defining forces in his life.  He then focuses on Stephen's spiritual development during his years at a strict religious boys' school.  The latter part of the book explores Stephen's embarking on adulthood, as he presides over a battle inside himself between religious faith and intellectual pursuit.  It is in this phase of his life that the artist, the writer, emerges victorious.How this all happens, however, is a cloudy, murky mess, unless you bothered to re-read passages several times and consult secondary sources that might offer insights into the book.  While the writing is beautiful, it is also choppy.  And while the substance may very well be brilliant, it is often too obscure to be appreciated.  Surely that was Joyce's intention.  This novel was meant to explore uncharted territory in form and structure, and Joyce has certainly done that.I will say this much - it wasn't as difficult as I had feared.  Despite its inherent challenges, this book is a quick read and is by no means unpleasant.  It's simply unsatisfying to invest time and energy in a book, and then come away with only a partial understanding of it.
This book was an okay book, with plenty of allusions, and probably if you look beneath the surface you will find a lot of meaning in this book. However, on the surface, as a kids book, this book was long-winded and repetitive. It just got boring after a while, and the fact that the story was nothing special did not do a lot to keep the reader engaged in the plot. I understand that Rushdie wrote this for his son; but he seems to get caught up in his own intelligence and go on and on.
Pearson is one of my least favorite publishers because they make college textbooks for 6th graders. I do not find their dumbed down approach to writing along with a plethora of giant illustrations helpful. I stopped using this book after the first chapter and bought the one by Elsevier instead. Some people really like the garbage published by this company but I am not one of them. I replaced this book and did very well in my Pharmacology class.
I really, really disliked this book, found it depressing and not inspiring like most modern classics that I've read.  Another reviewer mentioned that it didn't feel "happy", I'm ok with that.  Not every book can be hopeful, some darkness needs to balance-got it.  Still found this dull and felt like I had lost hours that I couldn't get back.
Carelessly banal, insipid,and cliche, this book is not worthy to be published under ANY name, much less a name that people buy because (with few exceptions) his books are a decent, if somewhat superficial, read. (Some are FAR better than others.) And this one is the worst of the lot. The worst of anyone's lot! I am a voracious reader &amp; read even some bad and mediocre books to the finish just to find out what happens.  I forced myself to keep reading this drivel until I just couldn't stand it any more and put it down, half finished. Yuck.
I love this type of book and went out to buy it immediately given the comparisons of it to Name of the Rose and Da Vinci Code. Unfortunately, the flaws in the execution of what could have been a fabulous plot left me very disappointed. The biggest problem with the book is that almost all the action takes place in one night and day, artificially limiting the setting to the Princeton campus and creating an unbelievable timeline. I kept stepping back from the book, thinking that it was impossible for all the action to take place in that time period (from steam tunnel escapades to black tie dances). The time frame also forced the writers to deal with too much of the plot development in flashback, weakening the suspense which might have been created by the timeline and creating confusion for me over what was happening and when. It didn't help that the characters all had simple (WASPish?) names like Bill which made them hard to tell apart.Had the characters been more sympathetic or appealing, the writers might have been able to carry the book despite its problems. Indeed, some of them seemed created merely to move the plot along.Some scenes, too, seem created because the writers self-indulgently thought them so cool that you as a reader would find them cool as well. For example, a good deal of action takes place in the pitch black of the steam tunnels beneath Princeton despite the obvious problems for the reader in following action in a maze in the dark. Perhaps two better writers might have been able to carry off this setting, but these two do not.It's hard not to believe that hype (and Ivy League connections) haven't gotten this book farther than it would otherwise have gotten.
I remeber trying to read this as a kid, and completly giving up. Recently I have been reading and re-reading all the books in my library. I never read Watership Down, and maybe that's why I had such a hard time reading this one. I found the stories completly unconnected, some of the charechters not at all well developed, and the plots horrible. For example, just at the right moment in one quest, when the rabbit was ready to dispair, a bird comes hopping along and gives the rabbit the answer. Then the bird dissapears, only to reappear later and do the same thing! I was happy when I finally finished the book.
I brought this book with me to the beach to read this weekend. Instead of whiling away the afternoon engrossed in its pages, I was enraged that I had been &quot;taken&quot; by such a trite, uncreative attempt at writing, especially by someone who in the past has shown extreme talent.This book trys so hard to be hip and yet it fails miserably. Its almost as if Ms. Goldsmith is trying to cash in on all the readers of books about young singles such as Bridget Jones, Confessions of a Shopaholic or Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married. However, the differences between this book and those was that the others were GOOD! And they were probably good because the authors knew what they were writing about and were closer in age to their heroines. They had their fingers on what was going on in their worlds around them. Ms. Goldsmith certainly does not have her finger on the heartbeat of the twentysomething Seattlites she is attempting to write about. In fact, she is so much older and so much further removed that her poor attempts to portray these people and their words and actions at times made me physically wince. (It was kind of like a dorky junior high health teacher wanting to talk with a 9th grader about rap music - instead of being cool, the teacher just looks like more of a dork.)This book was fomulmatic and extremely predictable. Somewhere around page three you can decipher the rest of the story. I just kept hanging on thinking there would be some twist of fate, but once again I was let down. Obviously, this is not her genre. Not only would I not recommend this book to anyone, I would tell others to RUN in the other direction from it. Don't let it ruin your trip to the beach!
The main points that bothered me about this book were the forced profanity as well as the sexuality between a child and grown man.  The crude language spoken by both Claire and Henry made these characters less believable to me.  It didn't jive with the character development.  Claire using the 'c' word regularly and both Claire and Henry throwing around the 'f' word caused me a great deal of discomfort.  It added to my feeling of dislike for the whole bunch of them.  Secondly, the sexuality developing between Henry as a 40 year old man and Claire as a child was plain wrong.I loved the idea of time travel and thought about what it would be like to meet 'myself' as a teen.  Neat thought, thus the 2 stars.
I  hate this book!Isaac Asimov is great for a young person.  His books may be somewhat dated, but that does not make them wrong.  His books are available on Amazon.I was looking for information on the periodic table and one site I liked is: [...]I stumbled upon Isabella's chemistry cake: [...]After watching this I forgot about the periodic table, and had a good feeling the rest of the day!
I'm leery of anyone who tells you what bad shape you're in, then says that they and only they can help you get out of the fix you're in. It's a modus operandi that snake oil salesmen honed to perfection years ago, probably because it works. Still, I approached this book with an open mind, despite the subtitle ("What you must do to protect your financial future").Then on pages 16 and 17, White says that it's essential that 401 (k) participants be able to buy software that tells them to "contribute the maximum, don't time the market, and stick with index funds," helpfully disclosing to readers that she's "interested in developing this software." Suddenly, it seems that while the advice might be good, it's at least a tad self-serving.Indeed, the first part of the book is all about 401 (k) plans. White believes that it's unjust that people aren't forced to contribute more money to their 401 (k) plans, and makes no bones about the fact that ordinary people shouldn't be allowed to "shoot themselves in the foot" by managing their own retirement portfolio. There are two numbers that she returns to, time and again, without explaining why they are important. Throughout the book, White insists that Americans must have ten times their "final" salary saved in their 401 (k) by the time they retire, without explaining why nine times is too little and eleven times is too much. Second, she proposes that the federal government mandate that all employers with more than 9 employees be forced to contribute 9 percent of their salary to a 401 (k) plan. Again, why 9 (for both criteria) and not 8 or 10?White's thesis-that it would be good policy to legislate adding an additional nine percent to labor costs overnight-seems to fly in the face of what we known about the economy. She doesn't consider that employers might lay off employees or cut salaries to compensate. It's like she thinks employers are just going to pull this extra nine percent in compensation out of the same hammerspace that she pulled the nine employees/nine percent number. I kept waiting for her to explain it in more detail, but she didn't.Besides the dodgy macro-economics, much of the book is partisan finger-pointing that doesn't advance the debate on retirement security or help people planning for their retirement. At this stage, most Americans probably don't care whether Bill Clinton or George Bush did more to contribute to the mess we're in: they just want honest solutions to get out of it. More disturbing is White's contempt for the rich, who she believes should have to pay proportionally more taxes, again without thinking that this might lead people to become less productive, which surely is to the detriment of everyone.The book closes with some standard populist invective against "greedy and needy politicians," with demands that Congress become "closer to Main Street than to K Street" (the Washington street on which many lobbyists have offices). It's not particularly original. As political agitprop, it's serviceable for those of both parties who want to "throw the bums out," but it doesn't help Americans trying to plan for their retirement.In between all of this fluff, there is some helpful, but unspectacular, advice to Americans: spend less, save more, and stay out of debt. Of course, if everyone buys less the retail and ultimately manufacturing sectors will tank, so it's probably best that not everyone takes her advice. The personal finance stuff in general is simple common sense, and nothing that would justify a $23 book purchase. So maybe readers should take her advice and economize-in this case you should take the money you would have spent on this book and save it for your retirement.
The story revolves around a young Japanese/American &quot;half breed&quot; who flees from Japan to find himself in America. He's hoping to find acceptance in the great melting pot of America. Unfortunately he lands in redneck Georgia and is met with contempt and racism from the minute he washes ashore.It's all down hill from there for Hiro in his attempts to make it to the city of brotherly love.This book was given to me by a friend with assurances that I would love it. How wrong he was.I found the writing to be tedious and over done. Much of the time I spent reading I was thinking &quot;who cares?&quot;. While the characters were well developed much of the book was spent on details that didn't seem to matter to the story.I would have just stopped reading it about 1/2 way through if I didn't have a hang up on not finishing a book I start. My recommendations on this book are to spend your money elsewhere.
I read this book about a year ago...it was the next pick on the Oprah list and was raved about so heartily I figured it must be great! Then I got the book and struggled through it praying it would get better but it never did and by the end of the book I was sure I had ordered the totally wrong book, but no. It was the right book, just not the right book for me. I just didn't get it and never warmed up to any of the characters.  I cannot imagine why it was rated so highly by Oprah.
If Amazon would have let me, I would have rated it *no* stars.  This Kindle version of the "Hound of the Baskervilles" has a huge flaw: every time a character reads aloud from a text, that text is omitted from this edition. Here is an actual quote from my Kindle:"Dr. Mortimer [. . .] read in a high, cracking voice the following curious, old-world narrative:When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative ..."Considering that the omitted passages include the actual legend of the Hound, as well as the account of the death that brought the client to Holmes, this renders the story unreadable.  Sadly, it looks like you get what you pay for in this instance...
For starters, innovation networks are nothing new--companies have been outsourcing r&d; for decades.  Also, the book mentions Second Life, but if you have visited SL lately, you will notice that many of the areas are more like digital vacant lots than the slick innovation exchanges the book describes.  Many complex issues surround intellectual property transfer, but the book glosses over them (check out "The Wealth of Networks" by Yochai Benkler for detailed description).  Moreover,  heirarchies have survived this long because they work and because not everyone wants to be a leader.  The real challenge will be utilizing external networks in conjunction with in-house r&d; (with all of its heirarchies and power structures).Several other things (related to the video presentation on the review page):(1) Retail investors are smarter than experts?  I think he means index funds, which do not use "crowds" to make their allocations but are simply indexed to the overall market and adjusted automatically(2) The Navy example---if memory serves me correctly, the investigators were not randomly chosen but were pre-screened for their mathematical ability
Appears that this is the same novel as Ironfire, with a different title.So I'm repeating what I said in a review of Ironfire, under the heading, "Some readers are easy to please."After reading Ball's Empires of Sand, which I loved and gave 5 stars, I gave it to my mother, who also loved it. So I bought her a copy of Ironfire, which I also read. I have to say that, although I finished this book, I was shocked that it was so much worse than Empires. The book is more about love lost and found than the battle for Malta - fully three-quarters of the book passes before the battle starts. But when it does, it goes on, and on, and on. Every day the assaults are more horrible than before (or so says the author). How could the Knights Hospitaler and the people of Malta possibly last another day? But they do, and this happens day, after day, after day. It just gets tiresome after a while. And boring. This book is not in the same league as Empires of Sand.If you haven't read Empires of Sand, and you are considering Sword/Scimitar, head for the desert.
I bought this book for a dollar at a used book store for two reasons: First, when my mother was dying in the hospital, a friend who didn't know her terribly well gave her a copy, and I was curious about what she would have experienced if she had lived long enough to read it.  Second, I enjoyed Lauren Winner'sGirl Meets God: A Memoirmemoir a few months ago, and this book series plays a huge (if admittedly embarrassing) role in Winner's spiritual growth.  I only lasted for two chapters before realizing that this is not a book that has any value for those outside its intended audience.  There is surely a devoted group of readers who like mundane stories about small-town life, and I did enjoy that this particular town held a certain esteem for high church traditions, with a rectory and bishops and a diocesan chain (my personal background is of a more evangelical nature, so this was new and mildly intriguing to me), but I got the inescapable sense after just a few pages that nothing I cared about was going to happen.  The priest finds a huge dog who likes to hear him quote Scripture (I don't know exactly what translation, but it's one of the ones not too far removed from King James English) and 18th century poetry, and that's supposed to be.. funny?  And his secretary gives up Little Debbies for Lent just when he wants one, and the patrons of the local diner don't know the names of famous 17th century Dutch painters...Reading this book is like watching a Honeymooners-style sitcom with no edge and no jokes, or like reading an Agatha Christie novel without the dark joy of knowing that one or more of the characters will be murdered in a preposterously convoluted way.  I feel a certain peace in my soul that there is an audience for that kind of thing, but I am not that audience, and I will not be making any attempt to finish this book.
This book doesn't once mention "Superinvestors" or the three most important words in investing "margin of safety" in Superinvestors Buffett explained that you can beat the market by following the simple principles of his teacher Benjamin Graham.Read the article about Superinvestors on Wikipedia as well. See their results after 1984 at vlnvst .Buffett does not believe in a Random Walk down Wallstreet.  He knows that in the short term you can't predict what will happen, but in the long term markets prices will reflect the intrinsic value of companies.There are many simple and effective ways besides Buffett's to beat the market. Check out Validea.com, gurufocus.com or Fool.com where you can see what the best CAPS players there are doing and especially why.
A lot of wasted pages, and generic stuff written about in other trading books. The title gives impression that there is something special written.
Updating a classic work is a balancing act between maintaining tradition and keeping up with the times. The editors of the venerable Norton's have succeeded in some areas and not others. On the good side, revisions have adopted contemporary symbols for non-stellar objects and incorporated new astronomical information while keeping the traditional format and feel.The curvature in the charts is well planned to minimize the distortion that occurs over areas as wide as these. In an age when other atlas compilers condemned their users to fumbling back and forth between charts and the index page, Norton was a pioneer in placing the numbers of adjacent charts at the edge of each of their charts. In this respect, Norton's is still ahead of atlases like the Cambridge.Worth a mixed response is clarity of charts: they are better than some in this price range and worse than others.Norton's contains lists of interesting objects, information on various celestial objects, and advice on observing. However, on the minus side, the lists were not as well updated as some other parts of the book and emphasize targets--double and variable stars--more typical of observers decades ago. The greater number of galaxies and nebulae accessible to modern telescopes and filters is scantily covered.Also, it extends to only 6th magnitude, which limits its usefulness for searching in the field. Finally, the book should be more rugged for field use.In the market of combined sky guide and 6th magnitude atlas, Norton's is in the middle of the pack, better than the Bright Star Atlas but not as good as Levy's Skywatching. Rather than a book in this category, I would recommend the 7.6 magnitude Sky & Telescope's Pocket Sky Atlas and a separate guidebook such as Skywatching or Celestial Sampler.
I must admit that this is a scary book, not because it talks about human "evil," but because the author's clear lack of perspective and logical reasoning as a member of the psychiatric community isn't just bad, its potentially quite damaging.The book isn't badly written per se and the author has a friendly tone as he puts forth his case studies, theories, and conclusions.  But the book is frustrating to read because he is so lacking in objectivity and the facts do not bear up his theories.  Instead, he gets enmeshed in them and sees his patients as "evil," when they obviously have problems that modern psychiatry could diagnose...if not always treat effectively, such as borderline personality disorder and narcissim.  In fact, none of the case studies in this book smack of "demon possession," as the author eventually gets to.  Yes, they are messed up and many of them don't want to change, or don't see the need to change, but that's a far cry from labeling them as "evil" and under the thumb of demons or the devil.The author does make an attempt to define evil in this work, but he does it through the eyes of a particular religious/dualistic perspective.  He states that sin is a lack of perfection and as all human beings are imperfect, hence all human beings are sinful.  Those who refuse to see that they are sinful (ie, less than perfect) are evil.  They are the people of "the lie."  What you do doesn't make you evil or not (even murder or genocide don't make you EVIL, go figure)...only that you consistently "lie" about who you are as this is what then makes you "evil" since you deny the sin of your own imperfection.  He goes on to indicate that the universe is in a constant battle between the forces of good and God and the forces of evil and Satan.  You can't stand in the middle, but must submit to one or the other.  Hence, those who refuse to see that they are sinful beings have submitted to Satan/evil.  Which then paves the way for the last part of his book where he pushes the idea that some of these "evil" people are in bad need of an exorcism.Not all religions or peoples share this world view, and so the author's argument re what "evil" is falls flat at times.  Definitely, this work does not attempt to prove its points from the perspective of science or the psychiatric community.  The most scary thing is that the author seems to be striving to push the idea of including "evil" as a psychiatric diagnosis...one that then leads to diagnosis of demon possession or demon influence and thus using exorcism or deliverance as a psychiatric tool.However, careful reading of the patients in question shows that, not only do they have issues that could be diagnosed and treated in a proper manner today, but that the author seemed unable to help them because of getting too involved with them.  One of his main cases he uses is that of "Charlene," clearly a borderline case if there ever was one, and how he fails to help her after 4 years of therapy.  From reviewing this account, he should have sent her to another therapist once he got so involved with her that he could no longer see how she was manipulating him.  Instead, he continued to engage with her even once it became clear that she was there to play power games with him and not to actually try and get better.  Finally, it should have been a definite red flag when he began to feel that, if he thought it would have worked to help her, he would have taken her on his lap and fondled and caressed her.  This is a clear example of what the patient-therapist relationship should not be.If anything, this book is an example of how a psychiatrist lost his way due to muddled self-absorbed thinking and conflict over his own inner spiritual issues, and in the process paved the way for further inappropriate behavior with patients as he then began taking part in exorcisms upon them (per a later book).  This is a sad story for those poor patients he was involved with, the ones that he labeled as evil and repulsive and decided that they were beyond hope as they had chosen the path of the lie (ie, Satan).  But then he should know, since he clearly believes that patients come to him for him to be their "parent" and they his "child," so that they can benefit from his great "wisdom."  Clearly, he missed the plank in his own eye while trying to pick the mote out of someone elses.Bad psychiatry.  Suspect theology.  Willfully blindered perspective.  Not an easy book to stomach, but useful if only to see what not to do.
The author has worked with numerous NFL teams, and that seems appropriate as the book comes across as a pep-talk that can motivate people for a big game, but it lacks the substance to help people achieve long-term success.  In particular, the book repeatedly contradicts itself - in one place saying that by thinking about and visualizing success, it will "show up", while in others it talks about the need for hard work, while in still others it says that you can't push too hard, but instead must "let it happen ... in other words, play easy".  There were also conflicting notions of "seasons" - they were all vague about the duration (from hours to years), but sometimes there needed to be seasons of "rest" while other times activities could be rotated.  Unfortunately, these contradictions make the book less and less useful the more one reflects on it and wants to implement it.
Full disclosure: I'm not a fan of coming-of-age stories, which is why I gave this book a pass when it was published 22 years ago. But when Tartt's latest novel hit the bestseller list late last year, I decided to give her first a try. The story begins with a penniless lower-class but bright young man from California finagling entry into an elite liberal arts college in New England, where he finagles entry into a the magic circle of a Greek prof whose five hand-picked proteges take with him all of their courses, which all focus on some aspect of ancient Greece. This magic circle of now-six students -- five male, one female and, of course, gorgeous -- have little to do with the rest of the campus. Most of them live off campus, and they spend most weekends at a rural country estate. Two of the men are extremely wealthy and extremely eccentric, and they have no problems pulling off things like renting a villa in Rome for winter break. I didn't believe this setup for a minute, and it struck me as the beloved fantasy of a certain kind of intelligent adolescent wannabe, one who wished college curricula still focused on dead languages, the purpose of education remained art for art's sake, and the development of a personal style of flamboyant eccentricity was still viewed as cool rather than affected. Tartt opens by telling her audience that the group had killed one of its members, and thus the novel is a huge flashback driven by the questions of why and will they get caught? Finding the answers requires slogging through more than 500 pages, and for a novel that length, a bunch of juvenile aesthetes aren't the best company.
My niece and I read The Time Traveler's Wife together.  We both really liked it for about 200 pages and then it went downhill from there.  I actually started to dislike it tremendously as the book went on.  The author seemed to flounder halfway through.  Where was her editor?  Where did the story or point go?  Long descriptions that went nowhere.  Long desciptions of dreams.  Who cares unless they lend something to the story.  Long descriptions about how to make paper sculptures.  Again, did not add anything to the story.  I found the book predictable.  You knew every chapter was going to describe the sky, trees, etc. with colors.  She loved the color "orange."  Everything was orange, the pepper, the sofa, the sky, etc.  The foreshadowing of "orange" and the hunting scene were so predictable.I could not sympathize with the characters.  I thought sex scenes were gratuitous.  And what woman continuously calls her private part by the "c" word?You would hop onto a long diatribe of description only for it to lead nowhere.  There is a lot of pretentiousness by the author.  I don't want to think about the author when I'm reading a book.  I don't want to read long passages in French, know about every opera or composer, know about paper-making, read poetry that doesn't connect to the story.  The author "kitchen sinked" and put everything she knew whether we wanted to know it or not, into this novel.  So many times, it just didn't fit.  You find yourself asking, "Who cares?"
This book is extremely challenging to read because of the regional accents of the characters. It even says it is rewarding for those who will take the time to read it.
There may be some nuggets of wisdom buried in this book. Unfortunately, it reads like a novel. NOT a practical, concise, get-to-the-point quickly type of book that would be useful to someone looking for this info. Should have been marketed as a biographpy or novel, not as a self-help book.The essence is this: fear of failure, never give up, ownership mentality, getting captial, focus, etc. All good stuff. But I would say get the book on CD and listen to it at the gym. Rather than wasting your time reading it.
I was disappointed to find that this Kindle book is designed not to load onto Kindle for Mac. I feel ripped-off. Harvard is a university that extols the virtue of technology and modernization, and says that it believes in democratic principles, and yet one of its top professors has a book out priced to gouge ordinary folk by not working on one of the range of electronic devices that Amazon says are supported. Well done, Harvard, a superb example of elitism and greed. Harvard, having played a full role in creating the derivatives and financial catastrophes of recent years, has no sense of shame in arbitrarily restricting access to basic textbooks, it seems. It is pricing like this which makes it harder than one would like to condemn those who infringe copyright. When I find something other than my Mac and my broken (dead on arrival) Kindle DX on which to read Professor Mankiw's views on pricing and on fair contract terms, which I have no doubt are worth knowing, I shall be able to do so. If I run into him when I am next at Harvard I shall certainly expect him to buy me lunch. This is a simply outrageous pricing decision. I close this review with a suggestion to Harvard's economics faculty: discuss in class the business sense of charging a customer the full price for digital content and then not allowing the customer to use that content in the way advertised, and discuss in particular (a) the morality of this, (b) the incentive it sets ordinary folk for upholding existing copyright law, and (c) whether this kind of decision has been made by people who are living in modern America?EPICTETUS
I can see that I'm clearly in the minority when it comes to my review rating on this one, but I couldn't help HATING this book. It is such a bad book.  The characters have no depth whatsoever.  Henry and Clare are in the top running of the two most boring characters I have come across in literature.Everything about this book is a terrible cliche.  Characters are just randomly thrown in all over the place that were never discussed and came completely out of left field.  For example, Henry's "drug dealer" Ben.  All of a sudden Henry is waiting in front of "Ben's" house.  Who the hell is Ben?! He pops up, gives Henry drugs, then after mentioning nothing more on this character, he is randomly in Henry's wedding party 100 pages later.  It's just so random, and so incredibly underdeveloped it made me cringe.  Clare is a typical rich, annoying, privelaged, "artist" who sits and makes paper all day or something.  The development was so terrible.  The author rambles on and on about them unpacking their groceries and things like that throughout the whole book.  Did we need 2 full paragraphs on the pool game?  And what ever happened to Clare's family?  They're discussed (and of course, none of them are likable at all, and have absolutey no character development) about a third of the way through and then they were never really talked about again.If you really read this story, I mean really sit and scrutinize it, you can clearly see that there is no connection between Clare and Henry at all.  They love each other more than anything else and are super connected, simply because the author says they are. There is really no where in the book that really delves into their undevoted love for each other.If you want to read a real, actual love story with wonderful, beautifully developed characters, pick up a copy of "The Pillars of the Earth" by Ken Follett, and read about the love between Aliena & Jack.Bottom line: please don't waste your money on this book. If you are curious, go to your local library and take it out instead.
The motivations of several major characters in this book simply do not make sense. And they are never explained, or really even hinted at. I won't be reading any of Montanan's other books.
I hated this book. I cannot imagine it being a &#34;classic&#34; or required read for schools. It was dark, depressing. The only positive thing I will say is that it does give sight into the struggles and insecurities of young men.
This book's laudable objective is to present, very specifically, how smart growth can actually be implemented. A considerable number of elements are presented, some very detailed, in fact similar to building standards, others very general that would be difficult to apply as such.  The book is structured in four sections: regions, neighbourhoods, streets and buildings.  Strangely for a work with a pro-urban standpoint, downtowns are not treated as such, although passing references are made here and there.Odd editorial choices were made with respect to the book's production.  First, doubtlessly to project a green image, the fibre-packed paper used is very obviously recycled _ as was current when recycling first was introduced decades ago. This leads to a very poor printing quality of the colour photographs _ which are perhaps not all that artistic and telling in the first place.  Second, the book is pocket-size, presumably so that it can be easily carried to meetings.  This of course restricts importantly the space available for text. As each item is covered on a single page and each is illustrated with a photograph, needless to say that content is not very elaborate.  Third, pages are not numbered, most likely to avoid confusion with the hierarchy of the items presented (1.1, 1.2, etc.).  This actually makes consulting the book a bit confusing as these section numbers are not written on the right-hand page corners.At the end of the book, several pages are devoted to listing the addresses of various local groups devoted to the promotion of smart growth in the United States.  This list, of course, is liable to being quickly outdated.  So, why not refer to a single Web site?Actually, why not replace the whole book with a Web site where references to other sources could be liberally provided? With BlackBerries and iPhones, its portability would not be reduced and it could constantly be improved and updated.
The case studies are interesting and the material is fairly well explained, its just dull and routinely puts me to sleep.  I can't imagine anyone using this for anything other than a required textbook they dump as soon as they pass the class.
wow, all the hard work that this man put in just to bore me! the effort alone is worth a star. gallant attempt mr pynchon.
Like other readers who have rated this book poorly, it is not so much for the content but that it doesn't reflect the title. I should have checked more carefully, but as an academic who needs to be thorough in investigating my topic, I could not ignore a book supposedly entirely about a memory palace and mnemonic techniques - my field. There was very little of this in the book.As someone very interested in mnemonics and memory, I was very keen to know about the memory palace of Matteo Ricci, but that's not what this book is about. What I got was a lot of detailed history of the time. And early on, there were some very gory scenes. If I liked reading history with a explicit violence described in detail, then I would have read further - it is one of the few books I haven't finished. Violence is to be expected in a book on history of the 1500s, but not on memory systems.The book is well written, thoroughly researched and would be excellent for those with an interest in the history and a brain more suited to dealing with the reality of human existence. Hence I have given it two stars. If a reader is looking for a really interesting and unusual biography, and is interested in the realities of the times more than memory systems, then please read my rating as 5 stars.
This was recommended on NPR and I found it ok but not as outstanding as promised by the breathless reviewer. I really felt it was more of an outline for a proposal for a novel. The characters were a jumble. Some were introduced, not fleshed out at all, and then forgotten until hauled out again for a confusing purpose. Others were introduced and then, towards the end, seemed to be given a greater reason for their existence at the behest of an editor.  I might read this in longer form if that ever happens but this 'preview' has not encouraged that outcome.
Unfortunately I found this book to be poorly written, overly wordy and unfocused. I say unfortunate because it has a few real pearls of wisdom, like the 6 P's of Innovation (which I believe Andy Bruce developed many years ago), but the book does an extremely poor job of expanding on these pearls beyond just listing them.The book has far too many useless, wordy passages that drone on and on - I get the feeling they were paid by the word.  There are lengthy definitions (with pros and cons) for common things like video conferencing, electronic databases, blogs, even email! (that's right, a definition with detailed pros and cons of EMAIL)  One so-called quick tip is "Schedule a monthly half an hour to search the Internet for potential sources of ideas and information..."  Do the authors really think there's a person alive that wouldn't think to search the Internet - and only 30 minutes a month?The formatting and diagrams are terrible. Unreadable screen shots of a SofTools web page randomly appear in the middle of text with no explanation and no reference to them. One diagram that's supposed to help explain an ideas filter is actually a funnel with things going into the top AND OUT of the top - I would call this overflow, not filtering. I don't believe I found a single diagram that improved the understanding of a topic and some added confusion.It's bad enough that the book offers so little useful (and so much useless) information, but there are even places where I think the information can be misleading.  For example the authors write "The process [of portfolio management] should be simple and easy to follow, but it should also reflect best practice - this can be a difficult balance as one often works against the other."  If a practice is not easy to follow then it's not the best.  But even if the "best" practice is complicated, the implication that you should do something less than the best if it's too hard makes me wonder if the author's are truly interested in my success.Overall this book is a jumbled mess that's boring and hard to read. The little bits of good information are hard to extract and provide only the highest level of understanding.  If I had paid the $25 price listed on the back cover (or even half that price) I would have been first in line for a refund.
I got this book recently and felt it was entirely not very well written.Please examine page 23 prior to purchase.  On page 23 you'll note the author has included the irregular verb sum, number 4 in this exercise. However this chapter does not include any irregular verbs! You'll have to skip to page 70 to answer this problem on page 23.  Do you think this is beneficial to a new student of Latin?Spending your time hunting, flipping through ahead chapters to answer a problem in chapter one?  A futile exercise indeed.Please spend time at the bookstore reviewing this book prior to purchasing.  If you can, spend time with end chapter exercises.  You might save some pain and suffering and anger for purchasing a poorly organized Latin tutorial in my honest opinion.
I am going to make this short and sweet. I absolutely hated this book. I am far from being a prude, but the content of this book was neither worth my time nor money and I was majorly disappointed that it could even be called a memoir - of a beatnik no less. How interesting, I thought. The feminist in me thought how interesting it would be to read about beatniks from a woman's perspective. Diane Di Prima is not someone I ever want to read or know anything about.Here's how one reviewer put it best:"Porn, porn, porn. Let's see: chapter 1, sex with Ivan. Chapter 2, recollection of the first time she had sex with Ivan. Chapter 3, sex with Robin (a man in love with Ivan). Chapter 4, Sex with Tomi (a female friend). Chapter 5, Tomi has sex with Tomi's brother (incest). Chapter 6, Sex with 4 other women. Chapter 7, sex with Tomi's father Serge. Chapter 8, sex with young Jack and some guy with big ears while runaway girl watches. And so it goes, through all the chapters. So, if you're looking for a "spank" book, then check it out. If you're looking for a book about the beats from a woman's perspective (as it is boldly proclaimed on the front cover), look somewhere else."The most uninteresting, disgusting life ever. And the ending was the most anticlimactic I've read. How do you think a memoir focused on a woman having nothing but sex for 14 chapters end?Why, she gets knocked up of course.Give me a break.
I'm used to better quality mysteries.....just wanted to read a &#34;classic&#34; and I wasn't impressed.  It was worth reading, I suppose, but I won't read it again...
Ellis has written a very light, easily readable novel with lots of "shocking" sex scenes and one-dimensional characters. He owes a huge debt to the likes of Sidney Sheldon ("The Other Side of Midnight"), Jackie Collins and their ilk. It's a simple formula: people love to read about the seamy side of the lives of the rich and famous. The same audience that devours Us magazine will be enthralled by this tale of rich LA teens and their debauchery. Set it in say, an upscale suburb of San Francisco or Boston, and suddenly the novel loses its allure- we're willing to belive certain things about Los Angeles because of its association with the entertainment industry. Reading the book is like watching a car wreck. Or Britney Spears, for that matter, We're shocked that these kids sleep with each other- regardless of sex (GASP)- that they become prostitutes- are ignored by their wealthy parents- indulge in drugs- and our seemingly intelligent narrator seems to take it all in stride. And like Sheldon and Collins, that is the allure- a look into a world most of us will never see. Reading LTZ for any perceived literary value is like claiming to read Playboy for the articles.
Four Princeton roomates are the central characters in this rather absurd, passably written book, that basically reads like an average thriller, with pretentious nonsense about a tome from the Middle Ages, which contains provocative sketches, and may or may not reveal extraordinary secrets, if only some brilliant scholar can unravel the riddles wrapped in enigmas, etc.  Before we even get to that Middle Age tome, what jumped out at me was how unlikely it would be for these four to be friends (not to mention roomates) in the first place.  For example, would a brilliant outcast nerd, a black pre-med athlete, and a quintessential rich preppy guy really ever be roomates, as they are here?When we get to the mysterious work itself (I'm not going to attempt a spelling), the authors devise the most blatant contrivances to show us how important, and deadly, working on it can be.  I could be wrong (honestly, it all became a trifle difficult for me to follow) but one of the characters breaks the "code" by solving strange riddles, which somehow explains how many letters one has to skip in order for the code to be revealed.  Were these authors aware that a typical home computer could have done all this in seconds (see e.g. "The Bible Code")?I don't want to leave the impression that the book was worthless.  In fact, it was a page-turner, worthy of many thrillers I have read when I'm in the mood for "lighter fare."  Further, the authors really gave it the old college try to make the book seem scholarly and illuminating of a slice of life at an ivy league college.  I suppose, for instance, the description of the Princeton "Eating Clubs," and their different social status might be amusing to an alumnus from that school; to the rest of us, it just was obnoxious.
I suppose that the only reason that anyone would read an autobiography by David Lee Roth would be to either finally get the scoop on his bitter fighting with his ex-bandmates in Van Halen or to pick up the juicy bits of dressing room sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll from his heyday.Not only does Diamond Dave shed almost no light on the Van Halen conflict, he only mentions Michael Anthony once or twice in the entire book.  The Van Halen brothers rate a few more pages, but only as the reunion "scam" unfolds in the late 90's.  I understand that Roth doesn't want to sling any more mud, but that's what makes a rock bio a rock bio.  Without it, it's pretty much a lot of chapters about his cars and his house and which comic books he likes.As far as dressing room stories go, there's a few.  No names.  And there's more debauchery about Dave in Motley Crue's The Dirt than in his own book, so I'd assume he's leaving a lot of the worse stuff out.  To hear him tell it he had a few drinks, tried a drug or two, had a ball, rode his bicycle a lot, did some rock-climbing, and never really had a bad/sad moment or serious relationship in 30 years.  Sure.David Lee's no writer (surprise), and his fragmented sentences and use of words like "ginormous" make many chapters completely unintelligible.  He claims that this was weeded down from 1100 pages by his editor...I hope the editor got more money than Dave did.  Dave's had quite a life, but a ghost writer is sometimes a good thing.  This book manages to make it all sound very bland and a little bit pathetic.
Forget the Star Wars backlash. Hannibal is the true pop-culture disappointment of the summer. The book was actually in three- to four-star territory for a while. As outlandish and macabre as the new characters and  situations are, they're never boring, and the novel zipped along...until  the final chapters. Harris' resolution is a four-alarm misfire, a sick joke  played upon his readers. He sacrifices characterization and logic for shock  value, and the result will leave a bad taste in a lot of mouths.
After reading this iconic work, I felt as if I had been ripped off with only myself to blame.  I should have known better.  The book is SOOOOOOO 70's!  I'll give it two stars simply because it's really so out-of-date it's almost campy.Okay, early oil paintings depicted the upper classes with their "stuff" and the "stuff" of the upper classes.  So?  It's pretty elemental to figure out that those painters had to make a living and they painted for those who were able to pay them.  Duh.  Okay, women were depicted in oil paintings as possessions and, in turn, viewed themselves in the light of the value the possessor placed on them.  Deep and enlightening, huh?It gets worse.  We get a healthy dose of the "capitalism is bad" philosophy and the hammering that advertising is meant to keep the masses enslaved to capitalism.  Nineteen seventies style collectivism is so boring.  Of course, Berger offers no alternative other than some passing reference to his vague definition of democracy.Maybe it's just so out-dated, it's no longer relevant.  Maybe it played better to the 1970's.  Maybe we've heard this claptrap for so many years, it's no longer novel or meaningful.  And, maybe, it's because we've matured enough to realize criticism without any offering of alternatives is simply disingenuous and superficial.
I have done extensive research in Acid Alkaline eating theories. I think this book should be called "Eating for Your Blood Type" instead of its Acid Alkaline title. They are two very different theories. The author talks a lot in the two beginning chapters about various supportive research for ridding your body of acids to try to improve your overall health. Then she provides a couple simple of tests (that may make you sick) to find out your metabolic type.There is a thorough explanation of Dr. William Donald Kelley's theory of metabolic food typing from the 1970s. According to the book, Dr. Kelley has much luck in reversing chronic diseases based on his assumptions. The book suggests two options for quick tests to figure out your metabolic type: 1) Swallow 50 milligrams of niacin on an empty stomach. If, within a half-hour, your skin turns red and you feel very, very hot and itchy, he believes you have a meat-eating metabolism. Warmer and better color in your face, he believes you have a balanced metabolism. If you don't feel anything, he feels you have a grain-eating metabolism. 2) If you want to confirm the first test, he suggests you take 8 grams of vitamin C a day for 3 days in a row. If you feel depressed, lethargic, exhausted, and irritable, or if you are a woman and experience vaginal irritation, you suggests you have a meat-eating metabolism. If you don't notice a change, he suggests you have a balanced metabolism. But if you feel an improvement -- more energy, better quality of sleep -- he suggests you have a grain-eating metabolism.Much of the rest of the book hinges on the diagnosis of the above tests -- which sound scary to put yourself through. I don't want to consciously make myself red, hot, itchy, depressed, lethargic, etc. So I felt cautious after reading this section in chapter 1.I read chapter 2 and then went to the specific section of the book with my "medical condition" as suggested by the author. My condition is obesity. That chapter describes a case study of an obese 17-year-old girl for whom the author prescribed treatments. The girl, Cheryl, started off at 350 pounds. After following the author's advice, the girl stabilized at 270 pounds. The thing that alarmed me was the author's suggestions for weight loss. Here is her list from p. 72-73. She wants you to eat or use the following: Nearly raw potatoes, ice pack on lower abdomen, raw honey, raw milk and butter, raw beefsteak, avocadoes and bananas, Vitamin E, ChitoPlex, coconut and flaxseed oil, raw carrots, ACIDIC FOODS, bland foods, several small meals, blackstrap-lemon drink, ice water. I've capped the word "acidic foods" because it is in complete contradiction with the author's book subtitle "An Innovative Program for Ridding Your Body of Acidic Wastes". She wants you to eat acidic foods to reduce your hunger. But that is completely antithetical to the title of the book and the introduction. Why would I take in more acidic foods only to have to work to neutralize them and eliminate them later? Note that she pulls all her informaton from other doctors and does not have a medical degree herself. Her book jacket describes her as an "adjunct professor at City College in New York and an alternate health consultant". I wish I could talk to Cheryl and share with her some of the information I've gotten from other books on diet and nutrition. I'm sorry to say I think the author has given her some good advice and combined it with some very bad advice.Buyer/Reader beware! I think this author should do some more research. I think this book could be very dangerous to the quality of health of anyone follows her advice 100%.
[EDIT (08.22.2006): Concerning the review above- Russian is not the first language I have learned. So, I do have background in grammatical structures and such - ESPECIALLY verbs. Moreover, the first language I did learn, I learned on my own, PROFICIENTLY, in under two years. I believe my review provides ample examples concerning my opinion - as opposed to a "single typo" claimed I have based everything off of. By no means do I have any bias to the author or book. And, me not studying Russian long doesn't deem me as unreliable. All examples HAVE been verified. And I have tried to elaborate as sufficiently as possible. If you have questions, or would like to correct me on a point, feel free to email me. And I will be sure to change the necessary here in this review. Thank you.]I am completely new to the Russian language, only studying for a few weeks now. I bought this book. And I liked it very much at first glance. I was delighted that there were example sentences and "usage formulae" included. I also liked the layout (but not so much the font choice - but did not take away from the apparent value). The great reviews also added to its reputation.So why only two stars?I think the book is unreliable. This is not just ... a random opinion, or some superficial idea. I am actually finding errors - both grammatical and typographical. To get straight to it, here are some examples:A. On verb #311, it says it is a 'regular -ar verb (like gustar)'. This is a Spanish verb type, not Russian. And that is a little disappointing, because it makes me think the Spanish 555 verb book was used as a template (no assumptions). I have NO other idea on how this could have been put there. It cannot really be a ... typo. (And 'nadar' is more regular than 'gustar', as 'gustar' normally does not have first and second person singular and plural conjugations. But this doesn't have much to do with the review.)B. A more trivial gripe: some of the punctuation is formatted incorrectly/sloppily. This makes it seem like it was a little rushed. Examples: verb #30, 38, 39, 125, and (lots more), where it tells the verb type, the last parenthesis is bolded; some titles are not centered (pg. 3) - unless there was some weird logic to the centering. Which, if so, is very inconspicuous.C. As for one of the grammatical errors I found: on the second verb of pg. 9 (to teach; to study, learn), the conjugation for the second person singular (ti) does not match the corresponding, exact same verb presented as #539. This leads me to believe there may be many more errors throughout the book.Some more displeasing 'features':D. Looking up a verb is a pain when you only know the English meaning. Now, it is NOT because I think every verb should be in there (that is what a dictionary is for), but to find the page of an English verb (that exists in the book), you have to first look it up in the English-Russian index starting on pg. 648, then you have to either (a) look the verb up from there, which can be slow if you do not know the order of the alphabet or are not yet very proficient at order, or (b) you have to go on some proceeding pages (Russian-English) to find the verb number - then go from there. I just find this a bit tedious if I need to look up a verb with rapidity. After all, it is for beginners and intermediates, as it says on the cover.E. The grammar at the start is not too bad. Sometimes a little difficult to follow. But the harder part is figuring out what the 'Type 1-6' verbs are - which is the basis to defining how each regular verb in the book is conjugated. It does not _explicitly_ say what each type is, or how a verb is defined in each type. It is very open ended (i.e. the use of 'most', 'some', 'almost every'.) You kind of have to experiment around, compare, and contrast to get a better understanding. Though, I will say, I am still not at all familiar with the system.F. Some tables are hard to understand, or are hard to understand what some of the symbolism means. Particularly the first table on pg. 13. I do not understand the meaning of that vertical bar. I do not understand what an, for brevity, A-B-C stem change is. It does not tell you what these mean everwhere I've looked. Also, as a side note, the titles are not consistent: "Type 1 Present Tense Conjugation Samples", "Type 2 Present Tense Conjugation Samples" , [changes here] "Type 3 Present Tense Conjugation", etc. This does not take from the meaning, but it makes it of poorer quality.G. This a more personal thing, but I do not like the choice of the 'Top 50 Verbs'. I would have been more satisfied if it included more common verbs that a beginner would want to know right off the bat, like "can; to be able to" or "to like, love" - which are obviously important in any language.H. Table format inconsistencies exist on pages 16 and 17: last table on 16 does not contain an over bar, last table on 17 does not contain an under bar. Also, some of the tables are a bit bloated - particularly those on participles (pg. 20-23). Moreover, in the table on pg. 26, half of the elements are centered vertically, half horizontally, some both vertically and horizontally... Again, a quality issue in my opinion.So, all in all, I am not pleased, and I cannot show much trust in the book - as I SUSPECT there are [many] more errors that I have not seen or that I would not yet understand (e.g. tenses I do not know with familiarity). That combined with the typographical and layout quality, I find the book unreliable.I do not recommend buying "The Big Silver Book of Russian Verbs", despite its excellent reviews, unless you can get one for maybe two or three dollars (pesos, euros, roubles - whatever you fancy). If you don't have a native/fluent speaker or an expensive translator able to conjugate verbs at your side with this book, you probably cannot ensure correctness. Which is a little odd and disappointing since a person holding a Ph.D. wrote this book.I would go with the 501 series, which has held up very well for all my studies, my peers' studies, and my teachers' studies (and instruction). I have always trusted it, and I have only found one error in that series (Spanish; a misprint in the header of one of the pages, and that was a much older edition.) I cannot put opinion on the Russian 501; I do not have it. But I intend to buy it, and I am almost positive it will be better, more correct, and more reliable - even if it is a little 'not user friendly' to some, as I have read.
Whyte is back again writing his sad attempts at historical fiction without understanding history, legends, or even basic logistics.  How can The Colony hide?  There must be well over 3000 people, apparently better armed  than anyone else in the district, and yet they are so sneaky no on realizes  that they are there.  On top of this the writing comes from the &quot;one  damn thing after another school&quot;; there is no organic plot flow, but  only happenstance strung together hamfistedly, with occaisional perverse  sex scenes to spice matters up.  The man must still be writing more  because, even after two books, he has yet to introduce Arthur.  I fear the  page when the king appears...
I read this book, as others had, becuase it was so highly recommended.  Those that dislike the book may be in the minority, but with over 100 negative reviews, we are not alone.  Some brave souls have the courage to shout, in the words of Jon Lovitz, "It stinks!"Well, reader, it stinks.  Not only is tbe book unfunny, but the main character, Ignatious J. Reilly, is the most loathesome characeter in literature.  Onboxious, self indulgent, belligernt and whiny, Reilly spends page after page either 'bellowing,' screaming or 'thundering' whevever he is asked to perform the most routine courtesy (such as paying a hot dog vendor after scarfing six franks).  The passages where is is not screaming are dedicated to his incessantly whining about his "valve." Reilly takes a job as a file clerk and responds by throwing each document in the garbage and spending his days finger painting. He gets a job as hot dog vendor and eats all his wares then lies to and "thunders" at his boss, claiming that all the hot dogs were stolen and "how dare he" place "senstive" Reilly in such danger. Reilly's "valve," of course, suffers.  Each chapter is a repetition of this theme. I finished the book hoping that it must get better, hoping that Reilly would learn, change, or die. None of this occcurs. He is as obnoxious in the final chapter as in the first.Nor is Reilly the only obnoxious, melodramatic character. His mother, Eileen, insessantly complains to her friend about the "disgrace" and "dishonor" of Reilly working as a hot dog vender. Mrs. Levy (wife of a former boss) complains and whines about everything under the sun. Then there's George, the pornography peddling bigot: the reader is treated to George's vile diatribes against homosexuals and African Americans.Like Reilly himself, Confederacy is, at heart, a bloated, malodorious waste of space.
If this author weren't so well-connected and hadn't already published bestselling nonfiction, I doubt this book would have even found a commercial publisher. What a load of overwritten, pretentious, hokey spleeb. It was like a Salman Rushdie novel written by Judith Krantz. Truly, this is an author who's madly in love with his own words. I kept thinking, shut UP and tell the freaking story! But, no, he wouldn't. The diarrheal flow of pseudo-poetry poured out like clotted blood from a twisted placenta.All I can say to any reviewers who gave this more than one stars is: how DARE you. How COULD you lead innocent readers to waste precious hours of their lives on this nonsense.
On a positive note, this book provides a good explanation of how the current financial crisis developed. Published in July 2008, it necessarily misses many of the huge developments that have occurred in recent months. To be fair, let's give Mr. Zandi credit for accurately predicting upcoming problems in the CDS market - see page 230. He is also the first critic I have found that notes the role of REITs in this crisis.However, as many of the reviews have noted, there are numerous shortcomings that seriously limit the value of this work. His ten recommendations are in most cases absurdly simplistic (with the exception of revising mar to market rules),e.g. suggesting that people get better education on financial issues. His announcement that the worst is over has also proven to be hopelessly optimistic.Here are some of the really important questions that Zandi ignores (in the first case intentionally):1. How could both financial rating agencies (like S&P; and Moody's) and CPA auditors completely miss the nature of the correlated risks that were emerging, especially given the repeated use of off balance sheet special purpose vehicles that were much publicized in the Enron collapse?2. What are the implications of these failures to the Sarbanes Oxley law - has this legislation done anything positive? Or should it be repealed?  What are the lessons learned here?3. In a similar vein, what about the role of GLB ("financial modernization") law and the repeal of Glass Steagle - should this law be re-invoked?4. What is the new normalcy that we can expect over the next decade? Zandi properly mentions that this crisis is an "inflection point" with long term implications, but he does not give us much of a picture on what the new world will look like.Bottom line: There is a better choice that is far more prescient. Charles Morris' Trillion Dollar Meltdown - published in early 2008 -  answers all the above questions. It is also short and easy for normal people to read with zero economic training. If you just buy one book on this subject, the Morris book is the best one I have yet read, by far.
A resource called "Streetwise Mandarin" focusing on slang and colloquial expressions should be oriented to teaching spoken Chinese. The text, however, is in Chinese characters and English, with no pinyin; only the vocabulary lists include pinyin.I am learning spoken Chinese and am not studying written Chinese. I really need a resource focusing on slang and colloquial expressions, but"Streetwise Mandarin" is useless for me.
I really wanted to like this book, as I am a hard-core Grisham fan, but it was just too light and not meaty enough for what I expect from this author. I usually like his thought provoking takes on the legal system, but maybe this was just a miss from me. I read it in one day though!
My low rating for this book may not be entirely fair.  This book does have some merit in that it contains a depiction of extreme mental illness and family dysfunction.  For that reason, it's not entirely without worth.  However, it was a frustrating read and not enjoyable, IMO, precisely because of the mental illness and dysfunction portrayed within.  I don't want to spoil anything by complaining in too much detail, but it was frustrating for me to see such extreme mental illness handwaved away by the other characters.  It's not funny or "silly," this character is sick and it's being entirely ignored!  I was left unsatisfied.  None of the characters were relatable and their actions were beyond strange.  I'm unsure what the point was.
I'll admit that I read "The Catcher in the Rye" because of its reputation. I have always heard that it is one of the greatest books of all time, a coming of age story that defines a generation. Upon completing the book I was left wondering what it all really was about. Maybe it was over my head and I could not appreciate its story, but from the moment I was introduced to Holden I never like him. I found his tales boring and his encounters dull. Each one was more irrelevant then the last. I just don't see how this book is on the same level as other great novels such as "To Kill a Mocking Bird." The only redeeming quality of the book is that it moved along fast and was a quick read (shocking for such a drab book).
David Lee Roth writes books like he writes songs. The words in his songs and this book can have a comprehensive meaning only to him. It is a waste of time to try to figure out what he is trying to do here.......write a book or another adolescent tune. I was in the music business for eleven years as an audio engineer and had close contact and conversation with many famous rock stars. They do speak another language but this guy tries to take it to another level and fails every time. I never did work with DLR, but I have seen several interviews with him and he seems to write in the same way he speaks......rambling, confusing and at times even lame. His act is old and so is he. He is no longer a factor in music and not funny in the least, even though it is obvious that is what he is trying to be in this book. Don't waste your money.........buy Sammy Hagar's book instead.
Could not get into this book at all. Prose to intense and flowery. Took a pass and gave it to a resale shop.
Almost the entire book is money topics and virtually every one of the topics is explained better and in more detail from other FREE sources; both books and reputable websites abound.  There is a snarky chapter on making friends if you move when you retire.  I learned nothing new from this little glossy overview.
Student, I do not like this book. I feel like I am reading a dictionary, which is long and boring. Would prefer if author cut out the definition to term, histories, fact and stick it at the end of the book instead.
I loved the movie, so I thought I would love the book!  Wrong!  It contains unnecessary graphic sex, and vulgar language.  I guess the author thought it was necessary in order to sell it!  Frankly, I didn't want to pass it on to others, so I burned it!  Enjoy the movie instead!
While I can appreciate Ms. Bradley's writing style, I found the political message of the book revolting.  She imploys an old, dishonest trick ... attack your opponents be rewriting their myths to suit your own political agenda.  This is what she does to the Arthurian Legends, to support her own feminist and anti-Christian dogma.Worse still, she rewrites history to do it.  In point of fact, there has never been a &quot;goddess cult&quot; in England, until recently.  The historical Arthur was a wholely Christian king, leading a wholely Christian people, against a barbaric pagan invader.  Finally, Christianity in England was wholely and openly embraced by the people as a more honest and compassionate religion than what they previously had.The Arthurian legends were originally Christian parables to the nobility of England, telling them how they should act and behave.  The legends were also embraced by the people, as good moral stories.  In this way, Ms. Bradley chose well the vehicle for her own political deceptions.If you are like me, and relish the true Arthurian legends, then &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; isn't for you.  It is nothing more than a politically motivated spin.
Couldn't get into it though the premise was interesting--Brit intelligence operatives desperately using psych / mind reading to break German bombing plans.
Here's the book in a nutshell (or a Swiss Cheese hole, as it were): some people like change and seek it out while some people don't and resist it. There you go -- just saved you 20 bucks.The center of "Who Moved My Cheese" involves a parable about two mice (Scurry and Sniff) and two "Littlepeople" (what?) called Hem and Haw,  who live in a maze. Their lives center around a bit of cheese in the maze. But when one day, the cheese moves. The mice scurry (!) off to sniff (!) out its new location while the littlepeople hem and haw (!) and try to make sense of their newly cheeseless world. Will Hem and Haw ever get off the dime and look for the new cheese? Or will they eventually wither and die from lack of gumption?The book offers a simplistic analysis of an obviously difficult human dilemma. Clearly, some people dislike change and will do anything to cleave to the status quo, even when the status quo is unproductive or even life-threatening. Clearly (as anyone who has suffered through a corporate reorganization has experienced) others love change and will seek it or create it -- even when the change creates chaos and makes things demonstrably worse. But "Who Moved My Cheese" simplifies the complexity of dealing with change by assuming that all change is good, that those who follow the change are smart and that those resisting it are dull and stupid.Fine. When change happens, it is not a brilliant strategy to pretend it's not. But is blindly "following the cheese" a smarter strategy? Wouldn't it be smart to find out who is moving the cheese and why? And what if the folks moving the cheese don't let you follow it? Hideous examples from history abound -- don't make me quote them. But these lessons are not forthcoming from this book."Who Moved My Cheese" is one in a long line of fad books about business that don't solve any problems. It has undoubtedly sold millions of copies and spawned a fun catch-phrase. But millions of us will continue to be caught in the business change cycle imposed by (mostly) well-meaning nitwits, in which good nutritious cheese is deemed moldy by those who have no agenda but to sell their own brand of cheese. Sometimes, waiting for the cheese to return (in the form of sensible management and proven business strategies) is smarter and more ethical.
This book is definitely polarizing. The story has potential, and perhaps with much more generous editing, it could be decent. It starts out quite promising, but after a few hundred pages of meandering story, I began to wonder when the time travel mythology would kick in. Well, it doesn't. I loved the potential of it, but details of her time travel are not explored. It seemed more a device to get a modern-era woman to the 1700s so she could be swept off her feet by this rugged man Jamie in his kilt. This book would be better off with more straightforward cover art - just show the brute shirtless male in a kilt with the submissive woman. It masquerades as something more, but sadly, it isn't.While many of the supporting characters have some depth, the main character Claire seems shallow; I found it difficult to care about her as she doesn't seem to reflect on much more than her present circumstances. For example, the situation with her multiple husbands. She "forgets" her present era husband fairly quickly, a hundred pages could go by with barely a mention of his name. She seemed too readily agreeable to abandon her old life. The explanation for why she must marry Jamie seems even more implausible than time travel.As for the violence, I felt it made sense historically that a husband from the 1700s would beat his wife for not obeying him. What is disheartening is Claire's total devotion to him regardless.  Her husband has violent sex with her, numerous times, and it is supposed to be clear to the reader that it is acceptable since Claire can also behave violently and yell back at him. He also spanks her, not in a sexy way, and her response is to throw a fit. But then has sex with him again, later.It's also disheartening that Jaime is viewed as some sort of perfect man. I was disappointed because the marital rape was not presented as such, instead being more of a temporary character flaw for Jamie. I felt it wasn't treated with the scrutiny and severity it deserved. Not only does he force his wife to have sex, we also get to read about his own rape and torture in copious detail.The end of this book is a total trainwreck. If you make it this far, it's almost comical if you have a dark enough sense of humor. The torture rape of beloved Jamie by the guy who looks like Claire's husband because they are distantly related, the absurd scene where she fights off wolves, her own torture and captivity for witchcraft. It's like the author used a plot device meme and kept writing scene after scene to make the book heavy enough for a doorstop (where was the editor?) The wandering plot eventually tried to tie up the multitude of secondary character's loose ends, most of whom I had either entirely forgotton or no longer cared about. To each her own, but I call this one a hot mess.
Maybe "bad" is a bit harsh. David Nassar is a real and successful trader, and a guy who has years and years of experience training and managing highly successful traders to boot. He writes great articles for Active Trader and Futures magazines, and has written another book that I consider to be five-star outstanding.But this book is disappointingly basic. It focuses on the mechanics of how trading is done and gives very little, if any, actual trading methodologies. A quick look at the table of contents and you will get the overview. It seemed to me like half the book was discussing how an order is placed!Perhaps part of the problem is being outdated. Deciding how to route an order these days is a very insignificant factor in daytrading; the days of the SOES bandits are long, long gone. Broker's trading platforms now use smart routing technologies to get the best fill, and as a sharp trader you are using limit orders on stocks that have a 1 cent spread anyway. I suppose this was written back when you could take advantage of price differences between ECNs and Market Makers.Your time is much better spent reading his other book, Rules of the Trade, where you can actually learn a few things and become inspired.[...]
Very tedious!  Good title for this book; way too much waiting!!!  That man needed to make some decisions and get on with his life!
This is a slow moving, long winded book that pretends to have a plot and story line but after you wade through the noring monologues and vacant dialogues you arrive at a few pages of excitment only to have the book comes to an abrupt and unbelievable ending that leaves you asking, What is the point? What a waste of time.
I enjoyed the book until I got to the end.  Like many reviewers I went back and reread several pages to see if I had missed something.  I had not.  I got the same feeling as when watched the second "Star Wars".  There must be a part two coming.  I won't be reading it.
I'm 11% into the book, and all I have read is an autobiography of the author. I don't really know why I should care about him. I wanted a book about the Brain, but I haven't gotten it so far. Even if there were some small details about the brain and its discovery, the information is diluted in the majority of personal information.I will continue reading the book hoping that this changes.
The book has a lot of material about psychology rather than actual trading facts. The number of pages in the book could have been cut by half easily. It was a hard book to follow. The least to say is that many charts have no reference in the text and they are left to the reader to interpret them. The book lakes examples that relate swing trading to candle stick charting patterns mentioned in Steve Nison's book.
Sanders may be a genius in his field but the book is painfully dull and slow, despite it not being very long.  Why? Because the writing and presentation of fascinating information should have been much more carefully edited.  Instead, we get the persistent drone of "this is what I'll tell you," "this is what I'm telling you," "this is what I'm going to tell you."  I wish he'd had an editor who could have pushed him to make the book what it needs to be: accessible and inviting to an average intelligent reader.  I left academia a long time ago and am reminded of why I was glad to go when I read books presented in this dreary style.  I'm not asking this to be dumbed down, but one can write for intelligent readers without being dry and unappealing.
Not such a great book.  Boring, characters not well developed.  Plot not so great.  I expected much more from Hemingway.  Much better book by Hemingway is, "For Whom the Bell Tolls".
Did not care for this book at all.  First book about Chinese women I did not like.  Would not recommend this.
A decent overview, but nothing you won't find in other similar thyroid disease overview books, like Dr. Glenn Rothfeld's book or Thyroid for Dummies. Sticks to a very by-the-book, TSH-test-is-king, "if your blood test is normal you must be fine," endocrinologist-driven perspective of thyroid disease. Ain is a thyroid cancer doctor, Rosenthal is a thyroid cancer survivor. While their discussions of thyroid cancer are detailed and may very well be helpful to thyroid cancer patients, it's evident that neither has much personal experience or new information to share on topics beyond thyroid cancer. Might be a good addition for a thyroid cancer patient, or someone who wants a basic conventional overview reference book on thyroid disease, but you're going to get pretty much standard American Association of Clinical Endocrinologist/American Thyroid Association official position info, albeit well-organized.
Get to the point, would be my final assessment of this long winded treasure.  I'm not saying that I didn't enjoy reading this book.  This book actually held my attention longer than a lot of books on the trading. Entertaining though it was, in the end though I walked away with nothing.  This book did not make me rich, in fact it made me about fifty bucks poorer.  I don't need a lot of abstract concepts about inner consciousness and outer consciousness.  I need a plan, a concrete strategy, something I can use and mold to my own style.  This book offers nothing concrete.  This book reminds me of The Inner Game of Tennis, which I also consider to be a bunch of bull, but that's just me.
I read this book, like many others, because of the excellent reviews.  Tartt's style, love it or hate it, appealed to me - I truly enjoyed the writing.  I stayed up late to read the murder scene, and found myself daydreaming at work about what direction the book might head next.  I enjoy being immersed in a book, and this is one in which you can lose yourself.  But don't.  The murder occurs somewhere in the middle - and then goes practically nowhere.  Is there some big secret?  Some big something or other that's going to happen?  No.  There's a big bunch of nothing.  Except the relationships of those involved in the murder being strained, which is no big surprise or thrill.  Perhaps were I better versed in the classics I would pick up on all sorts of clever references or allusions.  Perhaps.  I'm not well versed enough in the classics to know if there are clever references or allusions.  I kind of felt like there was something going on the whole time that I wasn't smart enough to catch on to, like in The Matrix.Illusory allusions aside, the setup prior to the murder provides rich material for what could be a thrilling, mind-blowing plot of some kind.  Instead, it's more drinking and mess, as if Tartt lost her train of thought but needed to write more.  I continued hoping, even until the last page, that something amazing was going to take place that would justify this long trek through intricately woven relationships, this complex plot, but alas, I was left mouth agape.  Imagine Harry Potter ending at the point in book 7 where Harry dies.  That's how I felt at the end of this book.  Ms Tartt, would you please rework the second half of this book, make Julian some kind of evil manipulator, or create a twisted love triangle between Henry and Francis and Bunny that slowly emerges as the real reason behind the murder?  Do something, anything.While this may be a small point, I was continuously fumbling for a timeframe for this book.  As another reviewer commented, the speech patterns of some of the characters suggests F. Scott Fitzgerald's 20s and 30s.  The use of records for learning a foreign language, perhaps the 50s and 60s.  A college student driving en expensive German import, 80s.  Weird.  But not something for you to worry about if you (wisely) decide just not to read the book.
This book seemed to be a compilation of sour grapes stories from the author about his previous places of employment.
I have a 15 year old son who reads way below level and strongly desires to read.  We bought the book, believed what it said,hired the tutor for 1 1/2 years, and unfortunately ended up at about the same level.  This program does not work.  Thousandsof dollars later and .....he still askes me to spell and read simple words.Recently we started the SRA program and have had success!He is progressing and improving and developing a foundation to read.  I kick myself for wasting so much time on Read Right.Please pass this by for a program like SRA, we wish we had figured it out sooner.  Good luck, I know how heartbreaking it can be whenyou have a child who struggles to read.
I wrote a review once before (back in August?), and I've had enough e-mail that I'm revisiting the Deitel Anomaly.I teach programming at the college level. The department heads keep picking Deitel books. I think I  know why; they are included in the types of people like books by the  Deitels: 1. People who ALREADY understand C++ and are looking for a  REFERENCE book 2. People who ALREADY understand programming and want to see  how C++ compares to the last language they learned 3. Students with good  teachers who digest the book FOR them, regurgitating the concepts in an  easily understood manner 4. Crazy peopleThese types of people will curse  the Deitels until they've mastered C++ (and not because of the Deitel  book): 1. Beginning programmers 2. Beginners with C++ 3. Sane peopleFor  those of you who tried to make light of the reviewers who didn't like this  book: do some study on learning style.For those of you who want to know  about a GOOD C++ book for people who want to learn, NOT just as a  reference: check out Tony Gaddis' book &quot;Starting Out with C++.&quot;  Amazon lists it. :)To all you budding programmers: keep up the good  work. If the Deitels work for you, fine. But know that there IS a book that  can be BETTER!
I enjoyed Red Dragon &amp; Silence of the Lambs, which stand as classics of the genre. This one starts off about how and where you'd expect, with Hannibal on the run and Clarisse in some career difficulty. The book reads  well, with plot twists and character development in the B+ range. HOWEVER:  BEWARE OF THE ENDING. Shockingly out of character, jarringly out of  context, it could enrage you as it did yours truly. The last 20 or so pages  made me ask myself: &quot;For *THIS* I spent money !?!!!?&quot;  Caveat Emptor, folks, this one turns into a huge dog.
This book sounded ideal, a beginner's book with clear explanations and projects to illustrate the electronics concepts taught in each chapter. The introduction lauds Mr. Cutcher's skill as a teacher so highly I was really anticipating a wonderful tour through the basics of electronics.Mr. Cutcher may indeed be a great teacher, but he is a very poor writer. His writing is disorganized and confusing, his instructions are unclear and sometimes incomplete, and he works so hard to fit everything into his "electric circuits are like water" analogy that he forces it when he should find a better way to describe it.Lastly, many of the illustrations in this book are so atrocious that often the reader has no idea what they are supposed to represent. In this age there is no excuse for graphics that look like they were produced by a six-year-old on a Colecovision. I am astonished that this book was deemed ready for publication. Are there no editors in this segment?I am very disappointed in this book. A good beginner's book is a wonderful thing to find, and this isn't it. I cannot recommend this book to anyone interested in learning electronics; it will be especially difficult for young people who don't have the focus to follow poorly-written or confusing material. I would especially worry that young people would not recognize the faults of the book and come away feeling that electronics is "too hard" for them because they couldn't follow Mr. Cutcher's explanations.
I was mistaken; I thought this was a literary work. I didn't realize it was basically a girly airplane read until I was through the first chapter, at which point I realized I'd had an entirely different idea about it. I would probably see the film, especially because Eric Bana and Rachel McAdams are so gorgeous and charismatic, but the characters in the book were completely generic and reeled off the most pedestrian dialogue.
So you say you loved Fight Club, both the movie and the book?  And you want more?Well, you think you want more.After reading this book, you'll realize that Chuck Palahniuk delivered exactly what he told you to expect: more nihlism and confusion leavened with a bit of cleverness (both in plot and dialogue)...but like the sixth or so childhood Haloween candy bar, you soon realize that you're not satisified, you're just feeling queasy.
I tried hard to like this book, but finally I just couldn't manage to. And I should admit that I "only" read 386 pp before finally giving up. I am an avid reader of both memoirs and history fm the world wars, but I'm 64 years old and life is far too short and filled with too many really enjoyable books for me to continue slogging through this dreary tome. While I know that Testament is an important text in the history of both feminism and the WWI era, I found the book to be incredibly slow and "overly romantic" in tone. The language was simply too flowery, ornate and dated to hold my interest (it was a great book to fall asleep over); and the so-called "love story" element was just a little too unbelievable in its chasteness and altruism. In fact I seriously wondered about the fiance's sexual leanings. Was he really heterosexual, or ...? I probably better just shut up. I just couldn't finish the book, certainly not ANOTHER 300-plus pages, that's for sure. I gave it the old "college try," but I'm giving it back to the women and the historians.
Ann Louise Gittleman, The Fat Flush Plan (McGraw-Hill, 2002)We were doing so well there for a while. Yeah, the book gets a little heavy on the new-age diction (things "resonate to" ideas way too many times in this book), and the constant talking about the necessity for eating organic food (with a helpful recipe in the back for soaking your foods in bleach-water if you can't buy organic) was a bit unnerving, but everything else seemed to be on pretty solid ground. But then came the word that has become the yardstick for measuring the scientific objectivity of every nutritionist on the planet: aspartame. And Ann Louise Gittleman, as so many have before her, utterly fails the test.In short, the so-called "dangers" of aspartame have been so overblown by the press and a few wild-eyed (and very large-mouthed) activists that it has now been blamed for everything from MSG-like headaches to Multiple Sclerosis. (Odd that the MS Foundation's denial that the claim holds any sort of truth whatsoever got nowhere near as much press coverage.) What reports and studies is your nutritionist reading? Easy way to find out: ask them about aspartame. If they start getting fluttery around the eyelids, switch your nutritionist, quick.Gittleman here attempts to softpedal the anti-aspartame mania the first couple of times it appears by focusing on sweeteners approved for the plan or saying that her bias against the stuff is caused by its water-retaining properties. But keep reading. Once you get to the last fifty pages or so, you'll stumble upon a turn of phrase here, a word there, that strongly implies Gittleman has it in for aspartame for a lot more than that. Which draws the whole scientific basis of the book into question. (There are a few other shady bits, but the aspartame question is the easiest to determine, so I'll stick with it.)Ultimately, another diet book with a few good, logical ideas that can be found in a number of other places, some really awful overdramatization, and a lot of questionable stuff between the two poles. **
I like the reviewer that compared this book to jerry seinfeld. It is truly a book about nothing. The only mystery is why you are still reading the book after the first several chapters. You keep thinking the plot will kick in or something will happen to grab your interest. But you can forget about that just like you should forget about reading this completely boring pablum. If you want to learn about Iceland, buy a guide book, it will be much more interesting.
This book offers a conventional explanation of russian grammar, and that's about it.  I could see it useful as a reference, but for learning russian it's ineffective.  The few exercises are simple (drills) and isolated; they're mostly  random sentences with blanks to fill.  Later exercises repeat very little of previous lessons and never seem cohesive.  You'll constantly be flipping back to previous chapters for grammar points seldom revisited.  Each chapter's vocab contains a smattering of foods, household objects, verbs of motion that are difficult to combine into one's own compositions.  Other textbooks might group travel words for example, so that  the student could write usefully about that aspect of his life.  In this book, vocab is presented without any theme.Even the grammar outlines, its strong point, are tediously explained with the language's irregularities drawn out as additional rules rather than mere exceptions.  Rare uses of words are presented on the same level as everyday speech, especially when prepositions are introduced.  The reader is left to waste time on archaic formations that she'll seldom see.  The book is noisy, sometimes old fashioned and meanders through essential aspects of russian language while mixing in useless curios.  It ultimately fails because of the unorganized vocabulary and the poor exercises.
Yes, I'd love to know who makes up the panel that decides what are well written books, or award winning stories.  And they made a movie out of this??  Those were the most boring first 189 pages I've ever read, and that was just to get half-way through the book.  The only reason I continued on is because I was reading it for a book club discussion.  The amount of excrutiatingly boring details was just more than I could bear!!  Sorry to say (after all the buzz I've heard about it) but I'll definitely stir away from anything else McEwan has written.
I once was given the following ultimatum - 'Stop reading, stop laughing or get off the bus'. Not, I would imagine, a unique experience for Tom Sharpe readers, but not something that is likely to be repeated for anyone reading this one.All the elements are there - Sharpe's trademark misogyny, his sense of farce, the bumbling authority figures etc etc.And that is what this is, the output from a Tom Sharpe cookbook recipe - throw all the ingredients into the bowl, mix, cook and serve.True, there were a couple of Wilt-like moments that raised a small chuckle, but they were few and far between in a book that read more like fan-fiction than anything fresh or original.If you are a Tom Sharpe fan, then you probably have to read it. If not, read the earlier stuff before going anywhere near this sad, faded formula novel
It took me two weeks to read this book. I can't remember the last time it took me two weeks to a read a book, probably because it has never happened. I usually read a book in a day or two, three at most. This novel has no plot. Nothing happens. While I appreciate Marquez's eloquent prose, revealing ideas and timeless characters, nothing ever happens. I kept waiting, and reading, and waiting....all the way to the end.I hope I do not come across as a bitter cynic because I know the underlying plot is supposed to be about love, and I do believe in love. I think love can conquer all and is worth waiting for, but I did not believe that either of those characters were truly in love. Their "love" seemed juvenile and not real, even at the end.I do not wish to discourage anyone from reading this book and would like to say that I do not regret reading it and I am glad that I did. Marquez is an exceptional writer and reading his words were a joy, except all the elements that typically make a novel were absent. I encourage everyone to read it and form their own opinion, because that is the only one that matters.
I read A LOT of books, and usually finish as well as enjoy them all. This book was a bitter disappointment. I simply don't get it. Why did so many people love this book while I could barely make it through? Seriously, I wish I knew.I love reading about different cultures, doctors, and medical stories. This book fit all of these categories. I simply did not like it at all. I feel like I missed out on something special.The characters in this book could have been very interesting, but I do not think there is enough character development or identification for you to care about them. The plot is extremely slow moving. The story switches between the present time, future and past. To add to the confusion, the plot also switches between characters and scenes, causing further confusion. If you do not have any prior knowledge of the countries or time period, the author does not give you any historical background to help you understand the setting or countries involved. I did not understand the motivation for the characters, just their behavior. I feel like the author did not use an outline when writing this book, and took a great story and made it tedious to read.I know I am definitely the exception to the rule, but it does happen. I hope you enjoy this book more than I did!
In a sense this book has tainted &quot;The silence of lambs&quot;. I do not want read that excellent book again, since it will remind of this poor follow-up - which in large parts contradicts the personalities of the first  book. The &quot;unexpected&quot; ending of this book is not even  interesting or logical what that matters. This book is cheap. Maybe it was  written for the screen. I recommend you to read something else, like  Michael Connelly.
The typical business book has two basic components: inspirational stories complemented by advice and examples on how to achieve those results.  This book is strong on the former with a negligible amount of the latter.If you are just looking to create or maintain enthusiasm, this book rates 5 stars with two potential 1-star deductions (below).  But if you are looking for examples to inspire ideas of _how_ you could implement this theme in your workplace and think about various tradeoffs, you will be sorely disappointed (1 star).  This review's title reflects that failure to have empathy for, or even understanding of, the needs the latter large group of customers.I have decades of experience trying to discover what the customer wants and needs, and the stories in this book are far to simplistic.  And there are aspect that don't ring true, feeling closer to personal and corporate mythology, far removed from the actual facts (deduct 1 star).  I found various of the analyses wrong-headed (deduct 1 star), triggering skepticism about the others.  Because this review is in such contrast to all the previous reviews, I have provided specific examples below.As to those earlier reviews, notice that many of them are centered on the notion that businesses should have empathy.  First, these reviews praise the book based upon its addressing that concept, not how well it actually does it.  Second, many of these reviewers beliefs about business comes not from involvement but only from the media (one cited a documentary as his source).  On a _competent_ product development team you will have people who are very familiar with the customers' wants and needs and who advocate for those customers, often quite passionately.  When proposing a product--either internally or to Venture Capitalists--the first questions often is "What are the customers' pain points, and how would this alleviate them?" The book's implication that few companies are using empathy is utter nonsense.One large category of stories is about companies whose management and employees are also customers and the story is essentially a paean to the concept and those companies. For example, at Nike and Spalding, employees use the products for recreation during breaks during the workday and outside work.  At Harley-Davidson, they use the product for transportation and recreation.  What the book misses is that such companies are exceptional not because they _choose_ to do this, but because they are _able_ to do this.  How would a company that makes jet engines for commercial aircraft have blue-collar workers who are also customers or users? When I was a teen, my father worked on radomes for surface-to-air missiles.  Would it have been a better product if the family could have gone out and shot down passing jet planes on weekends?  Was the company remiss in not arranging such outings?I was shocked thatThe Innovator's Dilemma : When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Failwas not even mentioned.  Listening to what your customers _currently_ want can be a trap: You need to discover what they _will_ want. More details below.Another large category of stories involves upper management--often the CEO himself--deciding to check on the customer base.  The story has him immediately having a major insight that leads to a revolutionary product.  Oh that real life was so simple.  And why didn't anyone else in the company even detect the problem?The book's stories focus on _external_ customers.  But _internal_ customers often present huge opportunities, and if they are nearby--physically (for face-to-face) and in the org chart--there can be large "bang for the buck."As to the reasons that a business would have an empathy-deficit, this book is entirely silent.  That they are clueless or hostile is rarely the answer.Although this book focuses on _companies_ showing empathy, those companies are made up of individuals. For the individual, being customer-focused can severely damage your career and even get you fired (personal experience and that of colleagues). The book shows zero awareness of this, when at the very least it should alert readers to such traps (details below has examples).When I got to the "Endnotes", I was amazed at how many of the stories came from secondary sources, such as articles by others in the main stream media and business vanity press, providing the authors no opportunity to drill down with follow-up questions or to eliminate the spin of those articles.  Relatively few of the stories come from their interviews and their experiences, and even those had a very limited perspective: Their consulting firm's clients are upper management, and the interviews are with upper management.  Consequently, these stories come off as paeans to those managers of those companies.The digressions into "neurology" are but bits of pop psychology, handwaving and pontificating, contributing nothing.Comparison to the typical business book (a low standard):  This is well above average for content.  There actually is an appropriate amount of text on the page.  It has far less repetition than average: The stories are very well written, but there is unnecessary repetition in the introductions and summaries of those stories, occasionally to the point of being aggravating.  Some of these repetitions are such minor variations that they could have simply been different drafts of the same passage.===== Examples supplementing the above =====pg 48: Questionable analysis: K2's offshoring to China of manufacturing of snowshoes.  The book claims that having fabricators who are not themselves snowshoers eliminates an important source of ideas for how to improve the _design_.  This is dubious.  Even if the fabricators were snowshoers, the geographic separation would severely limit this feedback to the designers.  The real effect of offshoring would seem to be that it reduced the _pool_ of knowledgeable users with _enhanced_ access to the designers.  But the bigger problem with outsourcing is that the designers and manufacturing engineers can be deprived of important feedback about the actual manufacturing process--where the problems and opportunities are.  The combination of geographic and organizational separation also impedes the "feedforward" from designers and QA to the fabricators.  A classic QA story (from the early days of the PC) involved a new plant making floppy disks that had a very high defect rate that QA couldn't figure out.  As the story goes, one of the QA staff eventually decided to take a break from statistics and actually visit the production line (internal customers).  Unlike other plants, the assemblers there were predominantly married women and their diamond rings were scratching the media.  No one had thought to tell them.pg 126-127: Questionable analysis: Open-book management: The book makes the claim that seeing the company's financial statement enabled employees to become substantially more productive.  An alternate explanation, especially for larger companies, is that explaining the financials creates forums in which employees can ask detailed questions--beyond what was in the handouts--and can make suggestions. Plus the program created an imperative for line managers to consider and nurture those suggestions.pg 200-203: Incomplete/Dubious: The Joie de Vivre Hotel where management had staff reduce service so that the staff could appreciate how much their work affected customers. Claim is that this had _significant_ adverse effects.  Unaddressed question: How could the hotel justify depriving (cheating) customers out of service they had paid for, and didn't they risk losing customers because of this "experiment"?pg N/A: Missing cautionary stories: Example: IBM had a policy of "Use what you sell; Sell what you use."  As a maxim, this is what this book advocates.  However, as a requirement it caused many missed opportunities because you had to get simultaneous interest from disparate parties.  I heard rants from frustrated IBMers because they had to convince marketing to sign-on to the product before they could even build the prototype.  Or that marketing was eager to take on a competitor's product, but the IBM internal users of that product were (not surprisingly) unwilling to commit to switch to a yet-to-be-built system.  Because these were missed opportunities rather than failed projects, upper management was reportedly clueless.pg 81: Innovator's Dilemma uncredited: A major reason that the US automakers missed the threat of the Japanese products was because they strongly encouraged their employees to use their products, thereby blinding them to the rising expectations created by the Japanese product.  The book lets this just slip by, unlike the emphasis (repetition and pontification) given the Nike and Harley stories.pg 163: Overstating: The story of Nike incorporating fashion is of the _observation_ of potential customers and the _understanding_ of constraints at retail stores.  This is far short of _empathy_.  The book's proselytizing for empathy blinds it to lesser steps being sufficient, and full-blown empathy being an unrealistic goal.  This is also an (unremarked) example of the Innovator's Dilemma, involving two disruptive changes.pg 51: Exaggeration: Claim that the Avedis Zildjian Company received the title of "Zildjian" from the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. The suffix "jian" indicates it is an Armenian word, not Turkish.  Wikipedia says that the title came from an Armenian prince.  Made me wonder how much more of the story was puffery and how credulous the authors were.pg 173: Exaggeration/mythology: This story portrays its subject who gets an unsolicited invitation to interview for advertising manager for Harley-Davidson as having been an anonymous drone in an ad agency.pg 136: "Too good to be true": Claim is that the absence of air pumps at Spalding's corporate basketball court led to the inventions of built-in pumps and of basketballs that don't need to be pumped.  This is more likely to be mythology rather than fact (similar to Pez dispensers in eBay's founding myth).  First, you quickly learn to immediately check the ball for proper inflation when you pick it up (not waiting until you get to the court).  Second, my experience is that many corporate courts and even some public courts have a cheap pump readily available (often tethered to a fence or similar).===== Additional details referenced above =====Details for "The Innovator's Dilemma": This problem has long been well-known to people who deal with customers. In 1971, I was working as a summer intern in the computer programming department at the HQ of a Fortune 500 company. A new hire and I were assigned to do "warm-up interviews" and then build small (disposable) prototypes for internal customers whose processes were to be automated.  The customers' initial thoughts were to simply automate the current manual processes.  Our role was to introduce them to the different capabilities and opportunities provided by computerization and to start them thinking about what was wrong with current practices and how they might "do it right."  This gambit was amazingly successful: In the follow-up sessions with the system architects, the customers' descriptions of the requirements were vastly improved from what they had told us.Damaging your career: Examples: Advocating for "outsiders" can be viewed as disloyalty.  Raising customer issues can get you labeled an "obstructionist" or "pessimist" (studies have claimed that unrealistic optimism is a key to getting promoted).  In many Software Engineering groups, deficiencies in the product are dismissed by blaming the users, often referring to them as "lusers", "X monkeys",...  Discouraging disparaging labels and encouraging engineers to see the user's perspective can get you labeled as not smart enough and a wimp.  If you are not in Sales, bringing in significant sales can be held against you.  How this works is that the CEO doesn't expect your business unit (eg Engineering) to generate sales, and thus gives the BU no credit when it does.  Since your BU doesn't get credit, it doesn't give you credit, and consequently the time you spend on this is written off as wasted. (Aside: How senior Engineering staff can promote individual sales is another example of being close to your customers.)
This book systematically peps you up and leads you to buy his software and alert system. There are better books, avoid this one. There should be a category in PUBLISHING called "INFOMERCIAL".
Skip it.  Trite and obvious book might be appropriate for a youngster with little life experience in the getting and using of money.  The book has an excessively verbal tone which makes me suspect it was dictated  and improvised from rough notes off the top of the author's head with little care in the editing.The author is deceased.  The book is a adapted from a UK edition titled "The Rules of Wealth".I recommend instead Napoleon Hill's "Think and Grow Rich", Felix Dennis's "How To Get Rich", Stuart Wilde's "The Little Money Bible" and/or "The Trick To Money Is Having Some".
I read this book a number of years ago based on rave reviews by a number of my friends.  I was unable to finish it.  I sloggedthrough 3/4ths of it before giving up.  It was quite awhile ago so I can't go into too many specifics but i do remember flat,unsympathetic, un-likable characters.  The women all seemed to view themselves as victims.  Strong women, even if victimizedusually don't have the time to wallow in self pity as these characters seemed to. It all became too irritating &amp; honestly too boringfor me.
When I picked up this book, I thought it would be great. It had a good cover, and I thought it would be about Louise fighting for a place in the world, and then happily finding it. I never even DREAMED that it would be as REPULSIVE as a girl falling in love (SHES 14) with a 70-year-old MAN! And Caroline. Though Caroline did sometimes get ahead of herself, and though she was arrogant, she never knew what drove Louise to have such an attitude against her. She was quite clueless about Louise's angry, despairing, jealous feelings. So why was Louise so sad? I mean, I know Caroline was treated better, but that's sometimes how it is in family politics. And when she had someone all along: Call. Call was her childhood best friend, and he was a great comfort. Or would've been to ME. He was always there for her even though she had that attitude due to her problems. But then she fell in LOVE with a 70-year-old who should've married her grandma? WHAT WAS THAT? I am just appalled at the THOUGHT! And then she got all mad again at Caroline when she got engaged to Call. It just so RANDOMLY said that she fell in love with Call when he got engaged to Caroline, and then she wanted him back! Well...im sorry, but heLLO? HE WAS THERE ALL ALONG. And now suddenly when he got engaged she wants him? That makes no sense. But this was the stupidest part...the ending: She has become a doctor and lives on a moutain away from Caroline and her family like she wanted to, and is a doctor. Then this farmer comes in with 2 sick babies, and she tends them, and they marry. AND IT DOESNT EVEN SAY IF SHE LOVED HIM!The only thing OK about the book is that it doesnt end all happy and it displays real life a BIT, except for the fact that she can fall in love with a man who's 70. THAT is not what ANYONE would do...unless they're around 70. You know, even 10-year-olds like me could write better books. In fact, I think I'm going to go try right noW!I absolutely love to read. I mean it. I read every second of the day, so I know a really bad book from a pretty okay book. this just shook up my scale. IT SO SUCKED.P.S. Bridge to Teribithia also by her is pretty sad, but it is really good and is much better!
This book was unforgettable to me also. I read it back in the 70's when I was very much interested in having a different life than my parents(IBM!). And what is unforgettable is that this book, although highly recommended, was very boring and disappointing. At one point the characters are looking at their extensive book collection, remembering that it was supposed to have made all the difference, as though the books would jump off the shelf and live their lifes for them. It's just sad and depressing and mad me feel bad about books for quite some time since I had been looking for change in this bland tome.
I tried, honestly I did to like this book but the story is boring and repititious and goes nowhere. I know I'm in a minority but, if you like books that have plot, skip this one. Sorry. There must be someone out there who feels as I do.
Others have written excellent critiques of this book, so I will just add my negative vote.While the 'case studies' were somewhat inspirational, the whole book just didn't have enough substance and dragged on far too long for the amount of material.
Nice talks during coffee break.No charts, no methodologies, no trading techniques. Incredible waste of ink, paper, money.You can find the same stuff everywhere on the web (just for free).
This book is sucha  collasal waste of money. The ideas presented are very basic, but the authors are rather daft and manage to confuse readers even on simple concepts. Much of the stuff any normal person with average IQ would be able to understand reading investopedia. The book is a typical MBA book - dumbed down, glossy and expensive.
While this book has some great stuff in it, there isn't that much - you could cover the entire contents of the book over one cup of coffee in Starbucks.  Buy a used copy for $2.95 + shipping.
Oh boy. This was really tough for me to get through, and it's not a long book. I would encourage you to pick it up if you are a Richard III or Henry VII enthusiast. I knew nothing about these men when I started the book, and the endless family tree info and royal history and gossip had me more confused than anything else.
After reading Brown Bear and The Very Hungry Caterpillar dozens of times I decided to blindly pick up a few other Eric Carle books.  I was quite disappointed with this one.  This little bug is way more than grouchy.  He's down right mean.  So much so that I'm not sure if the moral (if there is one) can overcome his "wanna fight" refrain.  All my kids heard (and repeated) was "wanna fight"?  This one ended up in the pile going to Half Priced Books.
Given the record-setting popularity of Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code", some of his sources of inspiration have also risen greatly in popularity. Thus, we have the resurrection of Henry Lincoln's "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," the book that provides, almost solely, the entire set of factual data for Brown's novel.Among other things, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" claims to unlock the secrets behind some of the most magnificent conspiracy theories ever. Was Jesus' crucifixion a hoax? Was Mary Magdalene really the wife of Jesus? Furthermore, did they have children and does that bloodline still exist today? "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" says "yes" to all of the above. And thus we have a sleuth-driven conspiracy book that rushes us through the vast history of Europe all the way to present day America, naming everyone from Leonardo Da Vinci to Isaac Newton as propagators of the cover-up.The book is written under the guise of strict historical authorship and claims to use a variety of sources, which it does. As a prime source, however, the book cites a group of documents found in the Bibliotheque Nationale, which among other things, provides us with a genealogical list of the bloodline of Jesus and details about a secretive Templar group called "The Priory of Sion", including a long list of previous grandmasters of the organization - some of them being Isaac Newton, Botticelli, and yes, Leonardo da Vinci. This list in fact, is the identical list included in the introduction of Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" as part of the "facts" that the book is built upon.This is all well and good, but there's a slight problem. It is now known and very well reported (in a French documentary and a series of books) that the documents found in the Bibliotheque Nationale are a complete and utter hoax by a man named Pierre Plantard. Plantard, it seems, wanted to establish himself in the hypothetical bloodline of Jesus and included his own name in the list of the Merovingian descendants (the Merovingian dynasty is the supposed bloodline of Jesus). Plantard had some help in his fraud, and the men involved came forward and confessed it, leading to the widespread reporting (widespread in France, not America apparently) on the conspiracy.What is remarkable is that although this book is based upon a well known hoax, you will find no mention of it within the covers of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", and more shockingly, it is used as the primary *fact* that Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is based upon. The notion that Da Vinci was a member of the Priory of Sion is ludicrous on many levels, most notably because the harmless boys club wasn't even formed until 1956. There is nothing connecting Da Vinci to the Templars, the grail, or the Priory of Sion other than the faked, manufactured documents of Plantard.The unfortunate (and irresponsible) thing is that in "The Da Vinci Code" this well known hoax is listed as a "fact" upon which the novel is based, and the vast majority of the book-buying public has no idea that it is completely and utterly untrue. I cannot stand with those that just roll their eyes and throw their hands in the air and say "It's just a fiction book..." as though that's all Brown's novel is. True, it is a work of fiction, but it is stated very clearly in "The Da Vinci Code's" introduction that the work of fiction is based upon a set of "facts". So although we are in a world of fiction, it is built upon many newly established historical facts - and the majority of those facts are completely bogus. Completely. And as a result many readers come away from this book believing things about history that just aren't true. "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" is the primary reason for this.For anyone interested in the *actual* history surrounding the world of "The Da Vinci Code" I'd recommend "Truth and Fiction in the Da Vinci Code" by Bart Ehrman. Ehrman is a scholar of the early church and it's documents - a historian actually - at UNC. Unlike the majority of Da Vinci Code spin-off books, Ehrman is writing as an actual expert in the field, not a journalist interested in the subject or an evangelical pastor trying to convert you to Christianity in the process.In the end, you may find that "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" is more a work of fiction than the "Da Vinci Code" itself. For a more detailed debunking of this book, you can purchase U.S. News and World Report's "Secrets of The Da Vinci Code", an interesting little magazine-like book that has several articles covering the many intriguing aspects of Brown's novel. Included is a scathing diatribe on "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", classifying it as the pseudo-historical drivel that it is. "Holy Blood, Holy Gail", much like "The Da Vinci Code", has the tenor and tone of actual fact and history, enough so to make the majority of readers believe they are actually caught up in something real (that adrenaline rush that drives most of the gullible conspiracy theorists that rated this book so highly). But in fact there is scarcely a shred of historical accuracy or scholarship in it. The book is nothing more than an attempt to prove a pre-supposed theory - specifically that the church covered up many damaging truths about Christ - and the authors use a variety of specious and highly contested ideas that are presented and supposed as factual. It is possibly the most irresponsible book I've ever read, given that the main document it uses as a source has been proven fraudulent since its publication - and yet they continue to sell it!
This is a book that absolutely must be taken with a grain of salt the size of the Hope Diamond, but it should not be discounted entirely. Ms. Davis makes many bold assertions in this book. Some of them are perfectly reasonable, like her claim that many pre-Christian, pre-Judaic cultures were goddess-worshipping cultures, and archaeological evidence demonstrates that these cultures frequently had a very high level of civilization, thus demonstrating that patriarchal culture has no monopoly on civilization, or that women have been treated rather shabbily (to put it mildly) by the Christo-Judean society of the last 3000 years; many are plausible, such as the assertion that some (many? most?) such cultures were matriarchies just as chauvinistic as later culture was in reverse.Others are more dubious, such as the assertion that the Biblical story of Cain and Abel is an attempt by a newly-fledged masculinist society to tell of the conflict between the old matriarchal civilization, which was agricultural (Cain, the elder brother, being the raiser of fruits and vegetables) and the newer, nomadic, meat-eating culture (Abel, the younger brother, being the shepherd), with Cain being cast in the role of the villain. Sounds plausible enough, until you start to wonder why a new culture would claim to have been symbolically &quot;killed&quot; by the old one.Then there are the highly dubious claims (in the old matrilineal societies, violence, even to animals, was unheard of) and the outright speculative (legends of the lost city of Atlantis are true, it was the site of the original prehistoric civilization that all other later civilizations, from Sumer down to Ur, Greece, and Egypt all devolved) and worst, the internally contradictory (on back-to-back pages, she makes the interestingly matched claims that A)women in some South-Pacific Island cultures, still relatively untouched by the masculinist modern society, still practice the age-old ritual of surgically breaking the hymens of their young girls before they reach puberty, thus avoiding an unpleasant first sexual experience, and B) that hymens are a recent evolutionary development, having only evolved since patriarchal culture began selecting for them -- itself an assertion in the &quot;highly dubious&quot; category, but absolutely incompatible with the previous one. Then there is her continuing difficulty in deciding whether to claim that matriarchal societies were peaceful and nonviolent, or that women leaders could, too, be great warrior-queens, fully the equal of any male warrior.Then there are the downright offensive bald-faced assertions, such as the statement casually made that all men hate all women.The problem is, these assertions are all made with identical (read absolute) confidence, spoken as unquestionable truth. Thus it is difficult to tell where the author's evaluation of evidence is accurate, where it is pure speculation, and where it is simply wrong. The temptation, after reading a couple of her more outreageous statements, is to simply assume that everything she says is wrong, and that does a disservice to her legitimate arguments. I will say that the book improved markedly with the beginning of Part III, &quot;Pre-Christian Women in the Celto-Ionian World&quot;. Her denunciations of the treatment of women in Christian culture from the time of Constantine rang true, and were very persuasive. Also, it helps to remember that this book was written in 1971, when women's treatment in our own society was only beginning to improve beyond the appalling stage.I strongly recommend avoiding this book for anyone who is uncertain of their ability to sift through the dubious and the silly without being unfairly influenced against the reasonable; surely, there must be more reasonable, well-written books that discuss her more plausible concepts. Unless, of course, you're a good old-fashioned chauvinist looking for cheap ammo with which to discredit any feminist argument by virtue of guilt by association. I must admit, in that case, this book is a must-read.
This book was a complete waste of time, which it shouldn't have been.  David Lee Roth was part of one of the biggest rock and roll bands on the planet.  This book could have been filled with tour insights, discussions on how the Van Halen and Roth's life since leaving the band have played out, etc.Instead what the reader gets is scattering of Dave's thoughts on life, Van Halen, post Van Halen, and what it is like being Jewish.  All of it is written in this scattered prose that clearly indicates Roth has done way too many drugs.  There is no cohesive story line here, nothing to suggest that Roth put any thought into reading this book other than jotting down whatever jumped into his head.And the arrogance of the novel is outstanding.  As Roth tells it, he and he alone is responsible for the success of Van Halen.  It's almost as if the rest of the band just rode his coat-tails to success and they should all be groveling at his feet thanking him for it.I was also disappointed at the lack of room given to Steve Vai.  Vai in his own right is a great guitarist and it would be have been interesting to see who he and Roth managed to get along for two alums.Do yourself a favour and skip this book.  Life is too short to waste.
The first book of Auster's New York trilogy was originally published in 1985, and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel. I've never read the original (or any of the other parts of the trilogy), so I can't comment on Karasik and Mazzicchelli's adaptation. However, I can say that since I'm not particularly fond of existentialist or postmodernist literature (those two terms being the most common critical shorthand for Auster's story), this really didn't do anything for me at all. The story is basically an exercise in metafiction, and if you like that stuff, great -- I do not. It is dressed up (at least initially) in the mystery genre, but that's just window dressing. (There's a long legacy, especially in France, of cloaking novels and films of ideas in genre trappings (for example Alain Robbe-Grillet's two books The Erasers and The Voyeur, or the films of Jean-Pierre Melville.)The story begins fairly straightforwardly: a reclusive writer of potboiler mysteries named Daniel Quinn lives in New York on his own since the death of his wife and son. A complete stranger calls him and thinks Quinn is a private detective named Paul Auster and begs him to to take his case. (The writer Paul Auster, and his family, shows up for one scene -- it's that kind of book.) Quinn meets with the strange man, who was raised in rather harrowing circumstances by his professor father, who was seeking to discover the true language of God. The father has been released from jail and Quinn is supposed to keep an eye on him and report. Everything starts to derail when he loses track of both the old man he's been following, and his clients. He spends several months watching the building and going crazy. Once he realizes they've disappeared, he finds his own life has disappeared as well. Obviously this is all somewhat about identity, but it's more about fun stuff like language, representation, and other tiresome postmodern subjects (as are the other two parts of the trilogy, which involve a man spying on someone, and yet another disappearance).It has to be said that the artwork does an admirable job of treating the bizarro world Auster has thrust his characters into. The simple, heavy black and white inking is a perfect match to the material, especially when the representations become less literal and more symbolic. However, if your taste runs more toward things like plots and characters, this is probably not for you. Fans of Auster may enjoy this, but fans of the graphic novel form are probably going to be much less keen.
The time travel idea was fun but the plot and characters were not compelling.  The two main characters do not seem hopelessly in love though we told they are.  The only interesting character is Gomez who plays a small role.  Every one else is dull or annoying.  Pretentious in that "so hip, so cool" and so drippy way.  Henry is an alcoholic who is not likeable.  Though you can feel for his situation and why he does some of what he does, he seems to have no conscience about the things he has to do.  We have no idea why Clare is in love with him.  Not well written, not interesting, not compelling.  I had a hard time finishing it.
As a devoted follower of Ruth Rendell, this book was a disappointment.  I was beginning to wonder if she had actually written this book, or if it was a partially-written story finished by others after her death.  But no, Ms. Rendell is still alive at 84 (83 when this book was written.)Wexford, now retired, has become a modern-day rendition of Popeye's friend, Wimpy.  He's still smart, but now he's an intellectual lout.  The other characters are mostly caricature; no depth, no curiosity--they are, in a word, boring.The text jumps around to focus on various characters and what they are doing.  Sometimes a chapter focuses on a character who has been absent so long you have to page back to refresh yourself on who they are.  There is also much British slang. As one who has read many English mysteries, there shouldn't be slang I can't understand; there were some I never figured out.One would assume a writer of Rendell's fame would have a good proof-reader, yet there were unfinished sentences,  words misused, and some sentences which were unintelligible.In short, &#34;No Man's Nightingale&#34; is a disappointing read.  Not recommended for people who can't read a book in one or two sittings, even dedicated Wexford fans.
This book is a great overview of implementation practices for large organizations.  Smaller companies would get much less out of this book.
I saw the movie some years ago and thought it was hilarious.  The book is just so-so; I only laughed two or three times, the plot takes 3/4 of the book to develop, and the lucky coincidences and favorable plot developments are piled on so thick at the end as to be a little absurd.  Having said that, there is a part of the book that I couldn't put down- near the end where Flora's plots start to have good effects, but before the last few pages where the author seems to go a bit overboard.
I'm baffled by the number of reviews that compare this book to The Da Vinci Code.  Unlike Dan Brown's bestseller, which propells the reader headlong at a breathtaking pace, and ladles out the exposition in bite-sized chunks of dialog, the Rule of the Four is plodding and ponderous.  Almost nothing happens in the first fifty pages, except to introduce characters and wedge in page after page of backstory and Princeton travelogue.  Don't be taken in by the comparisons to The Secret History (Donna Tartt), the Brotherhood of the Rose (Umberto Eco), and The Da Vinci Code, as this work is never as well written as the former, as exciting as the latter, or as scholarly as the one in the middle.
I don't know, but I didn't get this book. I tried. I wanted to. But...I don't see what the big deal is. My suspicion is, as I hinted above in my jerky little title, people hail this book because they think it makes them somehow elite and cool to proclaim a kinship to it. I think that's the key to the "popularity" of a lot of art, a lot of music, a lot of literature extolled by subcultures within the masses. They are bolstered by an illusion of affinity for what they secretly do not embrace. In the case of this book, at times Kerouac's prose was lovely and at other times it rambled  until I had no idea what he was going on about. The concept of The Dharma Bums is exciting and if even a fraction of those who claim this novel awakened something spiritual inside them are being honest, then I respect its impact on them, but...I didn't connect with the Beat vocabulary, with the story here, or the fact that since it's probably as much invention as autobiography, it validly inspires aspirations of real life imitation. But then again (as I'm sure so many reading this will gleefully agree) what do I know?
This book was a total waste of time and money for me. This book might be good if you are a former athelete, has has experience with exercises of this kind and had people coach you in the past. For an Electric Engineer like me that has back pain due to spending 12 hours sitting behind a computer screen, this is way to overwhelming.The stretches alone took me forever to understand and almost an hour to go through. After that I was so sore that I couldn't excercice on the next day or so.I still believe the best approach is to look for professional help. In one hour, a qualified instructor can demonstrate how to do things properly without getting hurt.
I WOULD NOT DESCRIBE THE ENDING PASSAGES AS INTERMEDIATE WHATSOEVER. If that's so then I must be advanced......20 yrs ago I had a fluent but simple French after 6 months in France. It was enough to carry on and understand a decent conversation but no use of fancy tenses beyond past tense and -ing and future. Rusty I am.What this book is is an easy French reader for beginners. It's tenses don't extend beyond what I was using in France.Surely intermediate is more challenging grammatically. The vocabularly at the end of the reader is as to be expected at the end of Beginner's French. ....meanwhile PATHETIC intermediate vocabularyThe description of competance covered is a RIP-OFF.Yes I am annoyed at the editors and publisher product description Nor do the low reviews here take the bull by the horns on my account.Worse it comes up when type in intermediate French on amazon. If book stops at intermediate clarify as such. I'm not a mind-reader.
A friend highly recommended this book to me. So I kept reading to the half way point.  I decided that life if too short to continue on with something this boring and trashy.  The gist of the story is that they travel through woods, get attacked, almost raped and then they do it over again.  I could see no plot. I didn't care if she ever got back to the post war era she came from.  So except for reading what other reviewers said, I have no idea how it ended. I'm just sorry I put as much time into it as I did.. I don't understand all the 5 star reviews.
The story, IMO, tries too hard to gross out the reader. Plot is all over the place, and though I have read more than 60 percent of the novel on my Kindle Fire, that's the best I can do. I enjoyed the frequent wordplay in the novel, but that couldn't carry me through the whole novel.
AS someone who had just finished A DANCE WITH DRAGONS I could remember exactally what was in it, and Part 2 was just a word for word repeat of A DANCE OF DRAGONS. I was so disappointed! I was expecting a continuation of the series not a repeat of the same book with a different title. So, am waiting impatiently for THE WINDS OF WINTER and hoping it will be a new verture of my favorite players. I just hope and pray he doesn't kill off Daenerys and Tryion as they are my favorites!
They say that often the most naturally gifted do not make the best teachers, and that's certainly the case here. I have no doubt that Curtis Faith's dedication, self-belief, and competitive nature helped him succeed as a trader, and his record in the Turtle experiment speaks for itself. However, I got very little out of this book. For whatever reason, Faith seemed unable or unwilling to clearly articulate his philosophy and methodology, and a result the book didn't really resonate with me.Perhaps the problem is that the book is a bit unfocussed. `Way of the Turtle' is part biography, part introduction to the Turtle experiment, part outline of Faith's trading philosophy, and part technical reference. It's neither one thing nor the other, and the book often jumps back and forth between these various threads. Despite the promise of untold secrets and strategies, there's really not that much here that you can't find in better, more coherent books. If you want a proper technical reference, there's `Secrets For Profiting In Bull and Bear Markets' by Stan Weinstein, or if you're Australian the works of Louise Bedford. If you want to take a very statistical and theoretical approach to your trading, you can get `Trade Your Way To Financial Freedom' by Van Tharp. These are all more focussed and much better suited for beginners than this book.Although seemingly designed for new traders, I feel that beginners may not be the right target for this book. Given Faith began his experiment with a sizeable slice of a billionaire's money, his trading principles are perhaps more suited to those who have a large start-up capital, or more experienced traders who have already made their first million. And the rather academic, mathematical approach proposed by Faith is likely to be daunting for novices who are still trying to find their feet in the market.I am currently at the Beginner/Intermediate level as a trader, and perhaps Faith's book will resonate more strongly as I become more experienced in the market. If so, the rating will be updated to reflect this. As it stands, though, I wouldn't recommend this book for those just starting out. Seek out (in order) Darvas, Bedford, Weinstein, and Tharp.
This book is lacking a bibliography and notations with important information on the sources the author used for his tables of statistics, which were listed in every chapter.  As a result, the reader has no knowledge of the type of source used.  Did he use a book, a website, a pamphlet?  Nor does he reveal page numbers, copyright dates, or publishers.  If one of my former students had submitted a "formal" paper with specific statistics, I would have returned the ungraded paper to him if he failed to include a bibliography showing exactly where he got his information.  I don't think any reader should readily accept statistics pulled out of the air, without being able to look at the who, what, when, and where of the source that was included in order to "prove a point".  And, unfortunately, Google and other search engines have created a wealth of information that MAY NOT be valid!!In my humble opinion the following excerpts from the Kindle edition show a strong condescending tone:Chp 5:  "(Pet) Owners tend to be less emotionally attached to those kinds of animals (Birds, rodents, rabbits, and gerbils).  And, as unpleasant as it is to think about, that makes it easier to let them die when they become injured or sick rather than spending a lot of money in a futile effort to make them well." (p 106)Chp 5:  "One of the worst ways to waste money is to voluntarily pay for things you can get for free.  And few places offer more free stuff than your local public library."  I agree with this 100%, but why would someone who wrote a book for monetary gain include this in his book? (p. 109)Chp 6:  "Banks, investment firms, and a myriad of other financial institutions thrive in part because consumers are intimated by the world of money and are ignorant about how it works."  (p.122)Chp 7:  "Is it a surprise that the kids need new school clothes in August and September?  Did you not foresee Valentine's Day?  If you've spent money on Christmas gifts every ear of your adult life, did you think this year would be different?"  (p.143)I could not recommend this book at all.
The statements in the book reads as a SUN document. So if you dont want to take the trouble to sit in front of a computer and search through all the links for certification objectives in SUN website, you can purchase this book.
I think Susan Hill is one of the finest authors around but I was baffled by this book.There are some great set-pieces here, especially those dealing with Iris Chater, the community feel of Lafferton is evoked well,  but the book as a whole is far too slow.The characters also feel uncomfortable, perhaps they will develop further as the series progresses but I failed to warm to the majority of them, especially the main bunch, the Serraillers.Simon Serrailler hardly registers as a presence and doesn't appear worthy of the devotion lavished on him by the heroine who acts like a love-sick schoolgirl whenever he is around. His mother and sister are so damned nice, you just want to dislike them out of spite.As regards the Crime aspect of the novel, there are again some interesting moments, especially as Graffham's schoolgirl crush makes her more like one of the victims than she perhaps acknowledges.  Unfortunately the pace of the novel is such that I lost interest long before Lafferton's police force got their act together.I feel i'm being too harsh on this book, Hill is one of my favourite authors but it didn't work for me.
got this book and was real excited to see insights to places to stay and hints on staying off the beatin path. it is mostly about equipment. we have been full time for some time now so that was of no interest to us. I think the book was misleading and unless you are very new at this and need to equip your rv exclusively for boondocking, don't bother to buy this book. I think there is one page on places to stay and they were real innovative like parking lots and national and state parks.
I read The Magicians, another book by this author, and really enjoyed it, so I was immediately eager to read what else he's written. I checked this out from the library, quite excited even though the summary on the outside of the book didn't really sound too great to me. I was mildly curious about what would happen next through the first 1/2-2/3 of the book, but it was mostly that I just could never stand to stop and give up once I'd gotten so far. It wasn't so much that I was sucked in and couldn't put it down, but I wanted to basically get it over with. I'm the same with movies and TV shows... even if I'm not enjoying it at all, it would have to be just absolutely horrifyingly terrible to make me walk out or stop without finishing, especially once I reach the halfway point. Anyway, back to the book. I kept reading, and kept hoping it would get more interesting. There were parts, scattered throughout, where I got a little hopeful that something really cool was about to happen. But each time I would end up disappointed and the story would move on. And as many other reviewers have pointed out, the ending was an extreme letdown. When I finished the last paragraph, my first reaction was, "WHAT?! That's IT?!" I couldn't believe I'd just wasted time reading the complex and at times boring build-up to THAT ending. I thought maybe I was not understanding a key piece of it, or it was over my head, or something was just wrong with ME. But I'm glad to see, through reading other reviews, that others also just didn't get, or were at the least just totally dissatisfied with, the ending of this book. So if you're just casually wondering if you should read this, my advice is don't bother! I'm so glad I checked this out at the library instead of buying it. However, I do recommend Lev Grossman's book The Magicians. Totally different type of story and I really enjoyed that one!
I had anticipated an exciting and engrossing novel that is patently Colleen McCullough.  The Touch was neither, very disappointingly so.  The premise sounds promising, something akin to The Thorn Birds, full of strength, tragedy, and Australia.  If that's what you are looking for, you won't find it here.The tale has the makings of an epic.  Thwarted desires, steely ambition, distinctive characters, a kinetic period of history.  McCullough creates the elements, but fails to produce anything magical.  She sets the story out fairly well in the beginning, but appears to have lost her passion for the plot as it treads the emotional depths lightly but sinks into every predictable hole imaginable.The main characters, Alex and Elizabeth, are so cliche and monotoned, I lost interest in them halfway through.  As one-dimensional as they are, even they don't keep to their personalities by the conclusion, acting so out of tune and all rationality, they lose the shape of their characters entirely.  Many of the characters felt like strangers to me by the end.  The supporting players, like Ruby, Nell, and Bede, were much livelier and even thoughtful creations, but McCullough isn't very consistent with their storylines (they pop out when you want more and pop in just when you're forgetting they exist) and doesn't follow through just when you feel she is digging deeper.The historical aspect of The Touch is important and it is here that McCullough shines more steadily.  The gold rush and the technology boom of the Industrial Revolution are interesting and researched.  That one man, Alexander Kinross, literally conquers the world over in all these areas is where she loses contact with reality.  Considering the remarkable skill McCullough has shown in capturing subtle layers in people and places, this sort of half-heartedness is indicative of the whole book.  She sets it up and then lacks the focus to bring it to life.All in all, the sheer predictability of the action is what turned me off this novel.  It is entertaining as a novel well-written and if that was all I was expecting I wouldn't have anything to say.  The author is what makes the difference.  This is the epic queen Colleen McCullough and her audience deserves better.  Read this if you're looking for a well-written book to pass the time.
While reading I found myself folding numerous pages to flip back and forth trying to understand information the book is trying to convey. Too complex, too time consuming, too much minutia, too tedious and basically impracticable reading. I still have no understanding of the Russian Revolution so I am searching for another book.
I enjoy reading the masters and their classic books.  But any  book that I have to stop reading so that I can reference the internet to understand what is happening is no classic in my opinion.  This was my first Faulkner book, and if the rest are written anything like this, it will be my last.  You just shouldn't need to have a college professor explaining a book to you to be able to enjoy it.  Most people reviews I've read say the first chapter is the hardest.  But I found myself reading through most of the second chapter as fast as I could just to try to get past it also.  If I wasn't so intent on reading all the great classics, I would have put this book down after the first half hour of reading and never picked it back up.
The bibliography (a rare thing in modern fiction books!) is great. There is a wealth of historical and scientific books to research.I am not a Crichton fan, I bought and read this book because I am terribly medieval. As far as the medieval authenticity of the book, I think its very valid. Crichton writes with ease about a hisorical period that is often misunderstood. The character of Andre Marek, with his seemingly impossible knowledge of medieval times, is also the most endearing; and the end of the book will leave people wondering about him.In the acknowledgments, Crichton writes: &quot;This is a novel: time travel rests firmly in the realm of fantasy.&quot; That being said, even fantasy science can be somewhat believable. I can wrap my mind around plausible, but only if I can follow what's being said. I couldn't follow, after awhile, the science of the novel. That led to me skipping a page here and there.
Halfway through the book, I put it down.  It was so obtuse and obscure, I don't remember what I read. Characters are over developed. The plot is difficult to follow.  I'm sorry I spent money on this book.Edit and spoiler: The man named bunny. Who names a man bunny? It was never explained why he was named after a rabbit. Distracting. Bunny was annoying, so annoying that half the book was spent detailing it. We get it. Instead of killing him, why not disassociate yourself?  Most of the time, while reading, I was annoyed. Don't kill your readers donna, for being annoyed.  The difference is, I'm not going to write a short story detailing how annoyed I was.
This book put me to sleep.  I like the plot, but the book was too wordy.  I did not like the way everything is overly described.  I am an avid reader and have a very vivid imagination; I do not need all those unnecessary sentences to get me hooked on the book.  I found myself skipping full paragraphs to avoid all the unnecessary details and get to the good stuff.  After reading like this, for half the book I finally gave up and put the book down for good.  I am looking forward to going to the theater and watching the film, hopefully it doesn't make me sleepy too
Acclaimed as a thought provoking way to get you to look at your attitude towards change. It came off as a condesending children's book. It wanted you to identify with a character when really it was telling you who you should be by only developing one character. And, for it to think that we are not at sometimes all of the characters at once, is silly. It was shallow to imply that the mice found the cheese because of their instinct and took off without overthinking. The author never explored the dangers of mouse traps.For a more grown up read, try Managing Personal Change by Hyrum W. Smith (Reader), Stephen R. Covey.
There are some very interesting observations here about dogs. And I mean just plain old, everyday descriptions of behavior, sans interpretative input. Two intact males meet on a street corner, for instance, and there's instant tension. They sniff and circle, and the tension seems to build. Then they inexplicably turn their backs on one another, go to opposite corners, and leave their "mark". An excellent example of urine-marking as a way of reducing internal stress, nothing more. And although Lorenz doesn't categorize it as I have, his description tells it all. I really enjoyed several such narrative passages, but quickly grew weary of his silly, fantasy-like theories of the dog's origins. And frankly, after he kept mentioning, in a very sanguine manner, how he'd routinely beat his dog for minor infractions, I had to quit reading.  (Ever since the time I broke a lamp with an original hardcover copy of HOW TO BE YOUR DOG'S BEST FRIEND by the Monks of New Skete, my dog gets nervous if I start throwing books around.)Oh, and nowhere does Lorenz mention his Nazi Party days, or his gung-ho attitude about wanting to help Adolph Hitler wipe out all Jews, Poles, and Gypsies, from the face of the earth, which is just one of many Lorenzian ideas about biology that have been discredited in the last sixty years or so (his second biggest is the myth of the alpha dog). But I digress. This book is supposed to be only about canine behavior, training, and origins--not eugenics.One star. (I'd give it less, just for all the casual beatings, but Amazon doesn't allow it.)
Nice descriptions of the Monterey Bay area where the book takes place and very realistic characters is about all you'll get from this work of Steinbeck's.  What's missing is a story.  The main focus is on the efforts  of some bums to do something nice for Doc, a kind but lonely marine  biologist who was apparently based on Steinbeck himself, but the book  meanders from that plot line through stories about a Chinese grocery man, a  quasi-French painter, a slightly bats housewife, a madam and her suicidal  pimp, among many others.  The only thing they really have in common is  where they take place.  They are all largely boring.  And then in the end,  you do indeed wonder what the point was.  THIS is a classic?
Although this quotation of Chairman Mao's is not to be found in Henning Mankell's The Man from Beijing the book is filled with politics and bloodshed.I've enjoyed Henning Mankell's Inspector Kurt Wallander series and have read most of the books in that series. With that in mind, I turned to Mankell's newest book The Man from Beijing with great interest. This is a stand-alone book not connected with the series. The Man from Beijing was well worth reading even if didn't quite live up to my admittedly high expectations.High PointsMankell has put together an entertaining plot.  Nineteen people have been brutally murdered in a remote village in Sweden.  The opening scenes are set out in terse matter-of-fact manner that accentuates the horrors being described.  It soon becomes apparent to Birgitta Roslin, a middle-aged judge in the city of Helsingborg, that she has ancestral ties to the village. Slowly but surely Roslin becomes ensnared in the subsequent investigation of the crime.  The story moves across the world from Sweden to China, to Africa and then back to Sweden.  Mankell does a very good job keeping the story line moving forward.  His writing style is well-suited to this type of story.  He is not effusive and he does not waste words. He sets a scene well and I found it hard to put the book down.In both his Inspector Wallander series and in The Man from Beijing Mankell does a terrific job in placing a story in the context of the world around us.  He does not write within the bubble of a genre but writes as if the story really is taking place in the world outside.  As I read the chapters set in China and Africa, I got the feeling that in this regard Mankell shares some literary DNA with John le Carre, particularly le Carre's later works.  Their writing styles differ but their insinuation of the `real world' into the stories each resonate the same way with me.Low PointOne of the strongest points of the Inspector Wallander series for me was the fact that Wallander and his team rely on hard work, perseverance and more hard work in the pursuit of a solution to a crime or series of crime.  Luck plays a hand some times but there are no flashes of Sherlock Holmes-like genius and there are no miraculous plot contrivances that get the story resolved.  That was not the case in The Man from Beijing.  I am always ready to suspend disbelief to a good degree when I read a piece of fiction.  However, in this case I felt there were times when my suspension of disbelief was stretched to a breaking point.  For me there where just one too many `coincidences' that had to be introduced to get from part A to part B and Part C of the plot.ConclusionThe problems with the plot devices were, in my opinion, outweighed by the interesting plot and Mankell's ability to weave current social and economic and political developments in Asia and Africa seamlessly into the story.Recommended.  L. Fleisig
The book is not well organized. Many topics are thrown in with not much order. Explanations and descriptions are not that clear. The exmaples could have been much better. I would rather wait for a better book on this  subject (PHP). I will be returning this book.
as a Grisham fan I was disappointed in this book. I also recently read his newest Playing For Pizza and I found that 10 times more fulfilling.If you're a devot Grisham lover, this may be worth your time. But then again, you'd probably be better off reading pizza.Playing For Pizza: A Novel
If you're going to start reading Sherlock Holmes, this as good a place as any to start since it introduces Holmes and Watson and how by chance they met.Holmes' inductions/deductions border silly in this intercontinental tale of murderous revenge.This story was not good enough for me to go out and read more Sherlock Holmes - I'll put it that way.I'd say stick to the Pocket Classics instead of wasting your time on the whole book.
That's saying a bit since I would say that most language textbooks suck. There are a few major problems with this one that inhibit the learning of Japanese in a fluid manner; 1)The dialogues are horrible. Instead of teaching us useful phrases from the start we learn things like "fountain pen" and "classroom" out of context, so instead of knowing how to use words in a sentence such as "I speak some Japanese" or "This is my fountain pen" we just learn a bunch of words.2) It takes way too long for this book to introduce any of the three scripts used in Japanese so instead we're stuck with the romanized version, of which there is no single standard therefore leading to alternate spellings in almost every book you can find. Then once hastily introduced everything is written in proper script including many words unknown to the learner. This is very problematic since Japanese does not put spaces between words.3) Extremely inconsistent. From the start multiple words for one idea or various ways of saying the same things with no explanation as to the differences. Also, mixes formal and informal phrasing without explanation and as Japanese is a very formal culture and language this would also create problems with learning.4) The dialogues in the workbook that accompany this text are a horrible jumble. Instead of following a linear pattern that one could easily follow they are all over the place, the speakers don't slow down even at the beginning and speak at a normal Japanese pace and to make that worse they give us information that is not pertinent to the questions being asked. For example, the question might be "What did Mr. Tanaka do last night?" they would tell us also what he didn't do three days ago, and that he likes ice cream, and doesn't like football, while the answer to the question would actually be hidden within all that crap it's too much for students who don't speak any Japanese. I am a student of languages and I speak two others pretty well and know bits of many others. I did come out of this class with a basis in Japanese and how it works but little credit is owed to this book, I would give it one star but it is actually better than nothing.
Peter Brown is one of those Lennon named as pissed at The Beatles because their breakup meant the end of the gravy train for such as Brown, who was a late-comer as it was.This was originally rushed into print shortly after Lennon was murdered (as were so many others intending to capitalize) -- and, "coincidentally," no longer able to respond to the dirt Brown peddles against him.  (How did Peter Brown manage to be in the room with John and Yoko when they were doing drugs, eh?)  Brown was one of the "suits" who, as Peter McCabe points out ("Apple to the Core"), mostly took two-hour martini lunches.
It was more for health professionals then the average reader.  I had thought it was more for the average reader.
I agree with many reviews on both sides. He makes good points about yes and no, but gets very dogmatic and hard-lined about some issues like TDD that could use some proof or convincing. He comes across that if you don't agree with him, you're not a professional. I need more than that from a book. I want to understand why, so I can integrate the author's opinions with my own experience and opinions and what I've read elsewhere.For example, I see value in tests and writing them as you write code, not after, but I would be interested in arguments for a very tight test/code cycle. Arguments that address what wisdom there is in knowing your tools well enough that you know what your wrote and how it will work (that you know what your wrote). Arguments that also address the fact that it's just unit testing and there are limits to the feedback you get from them. A customer is not vetting your code, so any mistakes you make with regard to requirements, or understanding the problem, are still reflected in the test. Unit tests are good. Writing them as you write code keeps you on top of it, but they aren't the end-all. Coverage is something to be proud of, but it won't tell you if you are building the wrong thing. Martin writes with such emphasis for TDD, without mentioning it's limits that some might be mislead.I'm an experienced developer with over 20 years of experience to draw upon to temper and evaluate any rules presented to me. While I think there are some good points in here, they aren't justified well enough for a beginner to understand these opinions and integrate them thoughtfully into their own practice. Just as a coder should have a good understanding of the fundamentals of their tools, of why things work they way they do, eschewing black magic, so should that coder understand process and guidelines such as those presented here.Read The Pragmatic Programmer by Dave Thomas instead. Consider also Rob Pike's The Practice of Programming, maybe The Unix Philosphy, and even stuff like Peopleware (Demarco and Lister), Software Craftsmanship (McBreen), and Professional Software Development (McConnell) first.
Pro's:- Several good insights, but they are lodged in a deep thicket of brush- Good supporting anecdotesCon's:- Verbose, jargon filled, repetitive - reads text book like...grindingly difficult to finish and I couldn't - had to set it down.- Same message could have been delivered in 25% of the pages- Recommendations not presented with clarity and are not straightforward- Not much new here.  Books falls far short of living up to its pitch
This is another book I was required to read for book club.  Had a tough time with it.  It was too depressing and I was glad when it ended!
The original CELESTINE PROPHECSY was successful in part because of its freshness. While Mr. Redfield's core ideas: synchronicity,  energy fields, and the spiritual evolution of the planet,  were in themselves hardly  original, he presented them in an appealing new way that had resonance for  contemporary readers. His sequels, however, especially this one, have been  disappointments because his thinking has hardened into a kind of repetitive  ideology. There's still some compelling material here underlying all this,  but Mr. Redfield needs to take a break to get back in touch with it
A hot-shot lawyer (sound familiar?) is well on the road to success (still sound familiar?), until he becomes a hostage victim. Once released, he uncovers a terrifying secret (familiar, huh?) about his captor--a secret that leads back to his own law firm (now where have I read that before?). A decent writer, Grisham phones in his standard legal-thriller formula, and lets his desire to infuse the story with his liberal political leanings cloud the plot. Skip this one.
This book have I loathed! The much-acclaimed coming-of-age story is set on an isolated Chesapeake Bay island in the early 1940s. The plot revolves around a supposed sibling rivalry between fraternal twin sisters: one is talented, generous, and graceful; the other is the narrator. The setting is appealing: a waterlogged island (called Rass Island in the book but much like real-life Tangier Island). Work on the island consists of fishing, crab hunting, and oyster "tonging." About 40 families live there.Sounds like a decent premise for a historical novel, but the potential is corrupted by the author's failure to recognize one simple thing: readers have to identify or sympathize with the protagonist in order for a story to succeed.Louise has never been happy. She describes her twin sister Caroline as "so sure, so present, so easy, so light and gold" and herself as "all gray and shadow." A much better book would have resulted had the author chosen Caroline as the narrator. Instead, we look through the eyes of a petty, contemptuous, jealous, humorless, graceless loser who borders on being sociopathic. Louise "burns with fury" over Caroline's talent and social success. A typical reaction for her is to "fly into a wounded rage" and think thoughts like, "She [Caroline] ought to be on her knees thanking me for all I did for her." Louise also fantasizes about her sister being forced to "bow down" to her, and has night-time dreams of killing Caroline, of beating her to death. Once, when Caroline expresses worry over Louise's odd behavior, Louise-as-narrator says, "Her face was all concern, and I wanted to smack it."Louise has one friend, an overweight boy named Call, whose social skills are worse than Louise's own. But she is not close to Call, whom she describes as "a good-hearted but second-rate person." She treats him with as much contempt as she treats her family. About her family, all Louise can say is, "I longed for the day when they would have to notice me, give me all the attention and concern that was my due." She labors under the delusion that her parents dislike her, never give her anything, favor Caroline unfairly and have always done so. Louise, who says she "hates" everyone at her school, suffers from a superiority complex utterly ungrounded in fact.This is children's literature? But wait - it gets worse. 14-year-old Louise has a sexual awakening, and a 70-year-old man is the object of her fantasies. That's right - 70. Here's a sample: "Just looking at his hands was doing the same old things to the secret places of my body that holding him had done." The man is blind to his teenage neighbor's pathetic longings, but everyone else sees the infatuation and is disturbed by it.This protagonist may legitimately be seen as an anti-hero. She is unattractive (bites her nails, has weather-roughened skin, and is rarely clean), petty, venal, sour, and querulous; she suffers from a severe case of malaise. The only person less attractive than this malcontent is her grandmother, a demented, sharp-tongued religious fanatic whose manners and words cause much stress in the household. It is she who quotes to Louise the title reference: "Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated," from Romans 9:13. The book is laced with heavy-handed references to biblical characters, including Joseph and his brothers, Cain, David, Moses, Paul, and Stephen, references that for the most part have nothing to do with the plot or character development.The story goes on exploring Louise's misery until about 30 pages from the end, and then there is an abrupt change: Louise leaves the island, goes to college, becomes a nurse midwife in Appalachia, and marries a widower with three children. So after all the unsettling details about Louise's discontent, we are now expected to buy her shift to earth mother? Please.The book was showered with praise ("simply irresistible," written with "special brilliance") and awarded a Newbery medal, but I wouldn't give it to a teenager if someone paid me to do it.
What an awful book.  Written in 1951, this book originally sparked great controversy with its mature themes focusing on the teenage angst, loneliness and rebellion of the protagonist Holden Caulfield.  I guess its like a really bad version of James Dean's classic Rebel Without a Cause.  Caulfield is the archetype of an underachiever. Today kids are reading about the latest sluggard - Greg Heffley from The Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The characters Greg and Holden have a lot in common.Catcher in the Rye follows the life of Holden Caulfield for a few days after being expelled from Pencey prep school as he returns home to New York City and contemplates life.  Although, Caulfield does little contemplation and spends most of his time whining and complaining about everyone and everything.  He sees the negative in everything (except his little sister) and makes one bad and offensive decision after another for almost 300 pages of misery.  The only value I can find in reading this book today is to use Holden Caulfield as an example of what NOT to be - lazy, negative, and uninspired. Unfortunately the latest version of Holden Caulfield appears to be as popular with readers today as Catcher in the Rye was fifty years ago. When are we going to wake up and stop celebrating negative characters like Holden and Greg?
I had read several other books about Buddhism before I picked up this one, and I have to say it did not live up to its title. After reading it, I still found Buddhism to be bewildering. (Of course, that could also be due to the fact that its practitioners seem to be in a tooth-and-nail competition to show how enlightened they are by being as obtuse and incomprehensible as possible.) Anyway, this book did nothing to clear things up for me.It has been a few years since I read the book, and my spiritual journey has taken me to a way different place than where I was at the time...so maybe I should thank Mr. Hagen for keeping me from pursuing Buddhism any further. Personally, I think there are better basic explanatory books on Buddhism, like *The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching* by Thich Nhat Hanh. Mr. Hagen's book will leave you just as puzzled as you were before you read it.
I must admit I am only halfway through this book, but it is such a chore after the moving experience of Birdsong. The characters remind me of the paper dolls I played with as a child. They belonged to an older cousin, and all came with 1955 era paper clothes. I know exactly what the characters in this novel are wearing: Mary's dresses and sweaters, Franks hats and shoes. But as with the paper dolls, if I am to get through this book, I am going to have to flesh them out myself, as Faulks does not seem to be able to do it for me. This is an overresearched, underwritten book, and yes, Sebastian, you've learned just what New York was like in 1959. Now give us a plot and some characters to go with it. That said, the character of Charlie has some heart, but even in Birdsong, Faulks's female characters were two-dimensional. I haven't given up on it, though. I pray for a twist ending.
This book has amalgamated data from many sources and provides many quoted sources that illustrate aspects of the Revolution. But so much of it is utter nonsense.1. It constantly describes isolated events during February snd October Revolution to make both events sound like wild iresponsible riots by the rabble. Figes goes so far to even suggest that the Bolsheviks had no worker support in the streets: only hooligans. Clearly figes looks down on commoners with contempt by degrading a popular uprisibg like February into a series of lootibgs and riots2. Figes pummels you with this notion of Lenin ad a totalitarian dictator. But then he shows how lenin manipulated politics to get his way, and his views were not popular even among the bolsheviks. Well which is it? Did he have absolutebpower or not? Clearly, this whole notion is not rooted on historical reality. Lenin lost msny critical votes in the party and was voted down. Brest Litovsk for one.3 He totally fails to correctly distinguish between the various marxistbyheories at the time. He completely miststesbthe views of trotsky and lenin on russia and fails to correcyly desribe how lenin's views on the needs of a bourgeoisbphase in russia and how this opinion changed to become more like trotsky's theory of permsnent revolution.If you want true history, do not look for it here. He merrly pulls together a complete listnof sourcs anf distilld nothing.Very disappointing work.
I am not sure what I am missing that all these other reviewers are getting, but I found this book extremely frustrating. Though I looked at the book in the bookstore and was turned off by it, on the strength of the reviewers I went and bought it anyway. I sorely regret doing so. By the way, I am not a newbie programmer: I've been a strong developer for 30 years, most recently writing J2EE enterprise applications since 1996.On the plus side, there are (as other reviewers have said) complete examples of applications, all of which you can download from the book publisher's web site. You can - after spending hours poring through the code examples - find many of the details of how to hook up the pieces into real applications.However, for me, this advantage was completely wiped out by providing very little explanation of what is going on. Beyond the first chapter or two, explanation of what's going on in the Interface Builder is non-existent. When the application (which there was also no explanation for) doesn't work, you're left trying to figure out what you didn't hook up in the Interface Builder (which wasn't explained). Also, there is no categorized explanation of what you're dealing with - just code examples. If an interface method is not in a particular code example, you have no idea that the method exists. Just page after page of code, with textual explanations that are very little better than the code comments themselves. I could never imagine using this book beyond the initial learning curve - there's nothing you could call a "reference." Finally, the page after page of method listings are not in any way connected together: you have to keep flipping back and forth to figure out what class a given method belongs to. And at least one sample app (the Address Book) does not build for me.I think the Interface Builder problems point out the overall weakness of this book. Code examples might be ok for a purely code-based system, but developing iPhone apps is not - at least, the way it's presented in the book - a code-driven approach: it all starts in the Interface Builder. More coverage of that tool might have pulled the pieces together.All in all, good context of its examples, but did not at all work for me to learn iPhone programming. I've been much more impressed withiPhone App Development: The Missing Manual.
I feel compelled to rescue any readers from the misleading plethora of 5 star ratings below.  The first two thirds of this book are good (not great).  The characters are intriguing, in part because of the exotic small  town New Zealand locale, and the plot unfolds in a meandering pattern that  leads the reader on while flirting with frustrating said reader.The last  third of this book is absurdly bad in all senses.  The plot becomes a  ridiculous New-Age-tussle-with-cancer story.  The style becomes a really  horrible attempt at magic realism.  The prose loses all discipline (and it  never had much) and turns into some undergraduate writing seminar exercise  in the use of the tangled metaphor coupled with the pointlessly histrionic  use of adverbs and adjectives.  Help!  I only finished it because I'm  stubborn.  That this book won any kind of prize is a crime.
I have been a longtime fan of Michael Crichton.  I count Jurassic Park, Congo, Airframe, Sphere, and The Andromeda Strain, are among my favorites.  I have found that this book, like The Lost World, seem to be written as if  they were rough screenplays rather than novels.  Both books contain classic  Crichton-esque close-to-reality science fiction, but both lack in what made  his earlier books so wonderful.  Crichton expends only one page per major  character in character development!  Once the story begins, all  derscriptions of characters and settings disappear.  It is so bad that  Crichton has to resort to using PICTURES to describe what in other novels  he would have written about in great detail.  What the reader is left with  is a wonderful and somewhat believable scientific premise and a pretty good  story with utterly one-dimensional and boring characters and a complete  lack of scene development.  This is one of those few cases where the movie  is most certainly going to be better than the book.
There is very little information in this book that would justify its purchase.  Interestingly, even if the author's only goal was to provide an entertaining account of life within McKinsey, he would fail.  Basically, there is no actionable information for the practicing consultant nor any material for a third party looking for insights into the consulting world or McKinsey.
First of all this book goes out of the main story so many times that could be written with many less trees, for example who cares how Alice and Henry play pool and how exactly they hit the balls? Each new date has an introduction of how is the weather or how is everybody dressed, this is OK if it were only a few dates, but all the book is filled with dates.Contradictory:In the middle of the book Henry said that they'll never have offspring, and they have one child.Why in the very first date (when Henry is 36 and Clare 6) Henry knows exactly what'll happen next and in the first date that Clare meet Henry (Henry 28 Clare 20) Henry doesn't know anything of her although he tells Clare when and where they'll meet. And why he again knows everything when he mets his young self at the museum? Why he also doesn't know anything about the football player who beats Clare?If Henry is dead how he can see her daughter in the future? If he can do that why can't he see Clare in the future? And not only when Clare is 82.How will Henry teach his daughter to steal and mug if he is already dead?I'll not say anything about the pathetic Clare's "affair"Everything is repeated at least twice, when it happens and when Clare or Henry explains it and I don't like to read the same thing at least twice in the same book.When you read half book and you'll know exactly what the end will be, the book is a waste of time.IF YOU REALLY WANT TO READ AN EXCELLENT TIME TRAVELER'S LOVE STORY, READ "UNTIL FOREVER" by Johanna Lindsey AND WE GLADLY CAN COMPARE BOTH BOOKS.
The majority of this book consists of sentence after sentence and paragraph after paragraph that don't have any apparent correlation to each other. Even when a few coherent pages rise out of the sea of gibberish neither the characters physical location nor their goals/motivation are clarified, and every time a character recurrs their previous backstory seems to have been forgotten and replaced with a new one.You'd have to be undeterably invested in liking this book before you started reading it to enjoy it. Even then I can't imagine how you'd manage it but apparently some people have. If you're reading out of casual interest, waiting for the book to hook you in, or even make sense, it's not going to happen.I could tell pretty early on I wasn't going to enjoy Gravity's Rainbow. The only reason I felt compelled to persevere with it was to try to understand the comparisons to my fave writer David Foster Wallace, but beyond a few obvious homages I can't see anything I like about DFW's writing in Pynchon.The bit with the dude eating all these gross sweets an old lady is giving him because he wants to be polite was pretty good, part of the 5% of the book that seems to suggest that Pynchon could actually write something engaging if he wanted to. The bit about the Schwarzkommando, a supernatural soldier created by a spell which the casters think failed, who go to Africa and take over colonies, presumably as the sinister beginnings of some world domination, sounds like a great outline for a sci-fi film/novel, but this concept is talked about for like one page and then disappears.The bit about the light bulb companies and electricity companies in competition and cahoots was interesting too and relevant to DFW's style. Another part of the 5%.
Very little coverage of processing XML documents using Python - plenty of discussion of Python generally, how to use C language utilities to parse XML, how to use awk to modify the output of the C language tools, etc. The book uses a large typeface and includes examples for both Linux and Windows NT screen input/output (which turn out to be nearly identical), so there's not nearly as much content as you might imagine from the page count. I'm relatively new to XML and Python and I spotted two errors in the examples within the first 100 pages. There are two appendices which sound like they're supposed to explain Python to Java and Perl programmers but turn out to be feature comparisons. That's great fodder for flamewars about language superiority, but not a big help for people with experience in other languages seeking a Python jump-start. People who shell out $() for a book on XML and Python don't need a sales pitch about why XML and Python are good choices.I think this book could have been saved with some help from a good editor; unfortunately, that wasn't done. I can't comment on the CD as I haven't opened its envelope, as this book is being returned as totally unsatisfactory, which I don't do very often.
I read this novel for my book club. I can't remember the last time I read a book this terrible. Please!  Do yourself a favor and skip this book!
Each page is a short description of a particular trait needed for workplace success (and success in other avenues of life).  The trait names themselves are self-explanatory, so each 1-2 page description is redundant without any additional insights.  The book has occasional anecdotes, but the anecdotes are bland and lifeless.  The framework seems very promising, but the book doesn't deliver.
How did this comic book end up in the 'Catholic' section.. I can think of lots of different sections it belongs in but should NOT be in 'CATHOLIC' section.. people look for Catholic books in the Catholic section.. That's like putting 'Adventures with Barney' in the 'Classics' with Shakespeare!!
This book is more of an history book than a science book by volume. It drags on and on over the history of the scientists, however when it gets to explain the chaos characteristics it does so in a choppy way which might make the reader distracted and confused. Overall: MEDIOCRE.
Despite the profession in its subtitle -- Improve Your Social Media Processes and Get Customers to Stay Forever -- I remain puzzled as to the appropriate audience for this book, which makes it difficult to recommend to social media practitioners or marketing folks, whether in small business, corporate or nonprofit settings.The author assumes readers have a marketing background, which doesn't make the book ideal for beginners. Yet there's also a sense of being in a Marketing 101 course. Many chapters offer historical perspectives on marketing, more than a few dating back to the turn of the last century. At one point, we're treated to an English proverb from 1713. When it works well -- in a chapter on influencers -- the author does an excellent job of choosing research that's relevant to the work of today's social media managers. However, in most chapters these examples are rarely tied together with the social media subject matter and frequently they've been made irrelevant by Internet- and social-era practices.In a similar vein, there is copious quoting of social media experts. It's nice to hear about real social programs, but they're shared in snippets -- like the short sections on dealing with trolls and keyword research -- with no explanation for implementing them in your own program. While I applaud the attributions, there's little extrapolation: The author doesn't seem to have a thesis of his own. Nor is he able to link the strategic to the tactical aspects of creating business processes around social media practice. The reader constantly asks, "But, how?" when advised of various practices.What can I say except to gently suggest that there are other books on social media marketing that will provide you with a clearer sense of how to approach both the strategic and the practical.
This book was reviewed very favorably on NPR, so I was pleased to pick it up in an airport yesterday. The first several chapters were thrilling, if disturbing, as we discover than substantially the entire population of a small town in Sweden has been murdered, including one young boy who did not live there but who was visiting.Some of the glimpses we get into the police force and the Swedish courts are interesting, and the story proceeds with some intriguing parallels to the police investigation following the murder of Olof PalmeWarning -- some spoilers below.The focus then shifts  to our heroine, Judge Birgitta Roslin, whose mother had been a foster child in the house of one of the murdered families, decades ago. She investigates the crime and soon discovers the insane international plot responsible for the deaths. I don't use the word insane lightly -- it's nuts, and not credible, and Mankell is wise to reveal to the reader fairly early in the story who was responsible for the killings and why. If the story had built gradually over hundreds of pages to this absurd revelation, readers would have scoffed. Instead the story is about how Roslin discovers the absurd truth, rather than about the absurdity itself. This reduces the damage of the silly secret somewhat, but not entirely.The final "thrilling" section in which she is herself targeted for assassination makes no sense. It is impossible to imagine the man responsible actually taking this upon himself personally.I wouldn't recommend this book.
I've tried and struggled to understand what it is about "The Catcher in the Rye" that draws so many people. I've heard people tell me that it's brilliant, wonderful, a great way to spend an afternoon... So many people love this book, call it a classic, call it the "best, most brilliant book ever". It is, however, nothing of the sort."The Catcher in the Rye", in its most basic sense, is teenage angst. Perhaps the fact that nothing like this had ever been written before was what made it intriguing, but nowadays, when teenage angst is splattered all over the internet, that's not particularly interesting or drawing. When you look a little deeper into the book, you find that Holden is a troubled teenager. The book, in all honestly, simply follows him around for a few days, gives us an image of what sort of person he is, and then ends. It follows through him trying to be an adult, trying to be a child, and then moping around for a bit. Any 15 year old could say the same.If it was simply angst, it still might be okay, but unfortunately, where Salinger could have saved this book, he destroyed it. There's absolutely no plot! It's a day in the life of a horny teenage boy who doesn't know what he wants with his life. While, yes, Salinger added some "pretty" and meaningful parts (the title comes from one such moment where the book feels thoughtful and reflective, but really has no point, though it is a rather nice moment), and while perhaps Salinger is a good writer (this is the first book of his I've read, and to be quite honest, I don't feel any inclination to read another), "The Catcher in the Rye" is neither truly well-written, nor is the plot good enough that I could call it good through that road.I didn't actually find "Catcher" dull, as many other people do. I simply think that you're better off reading another book. Yes, it's a quick read, but it's quite pointless! Holden Caulfield is a troublesome character; some people connect to him wonderfully and others despise him, thinking he's an annoying child who should just shut his mouth. I fall somewhere closer to the second category. I didn't like him, the way he viewed the world, or the way he tried to face it. After all, I'm close to his age, and I would never act the way he did. I don't just think it's a boring book, but I do think that people ought to realize what they're getting into:1. Holden Caulfield can be an annoying, irritating character. While some view his behavior as one who wants to remain in a world of innocence, others view it as running away from reality. He's a tricky main character, and I found him difficult to connect to.2. "The Catcher in the Rye" is teenage angst that is written in a slightly nicer manner than that found on weblogs.3. Just because the book is CALLED "best book", etc. it is not necessarily so.All in all, you probably have to read the book to figure out if you fall into the "LOVE!" category, or the "UGH!" group. If you've got nothing better to do, I guess you're welcome to pick this book up and breeze through it. You should probably just be warned that you may not like it. It's not actually that good of a book, neither particularly interesting nor a "classic". Read it if you must, but there are significantly better books out there.
I have bought a few used books before (for school) and things from the warehouse with no problem so it's sad that this one is going to have to go back. Really banged up. Can't speak for what's in it because it's just to torn up I left it in the box. Will buy the same title again just going to get new.
I love books about people buying old houses and fixing them up, but this is not a memoir about DIY. It's a books about two people who bought a beautiful wreck of a Tudor castle in Wales and then slowly, with little money, made most of it habitable.Unlike the others who have reviewed this book, I did not like it. The reason? I didn't like the two homeowners. They were set on buying a piece of Welsh heritage -- and even got public money from the Welsh government to buy back things that had been stripped out of the house -- but made no bones about the fact that they resented having to let anyone else into the house to appreciate it. They actively avoided answering the door when paying visitors stopped by, they were very obviously resentful of their B&B; customers, and they hated people stopping by to see what they were doing with the house. Frankly, these two really put me off. I would never want to stay in or visit a place where the owners were so resentful of my presence ... and their attitude does a disservice to the house.The author herself says that she and her husband are misanthropes, and in my opinion people-hating people shouldn't be in the service industry. These two knew they would have to let in visitors to their house because they didn't have the financial means to restore the place otherwise. But rather than be gracious about it, they made it clear that it really inconvenienced them.
This book is highly overrated. I am sure I will get blown away for saying this but it has nothing to do with my appreciation of modern writing. I enjoy Joyce, and many avant garde writers. Stein has an ego as big as a house. Witness her constant comments about herself as a genius in the Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas. The literary equivalent of Picasso she is not.  The book is slow and boring, filled with failed, in my opinion, rhetorical tricks. If you want stream of consciousness avant garde writing there are many better writers, Joyce being the best.  Jack Kerouac is a newer author who is great also. I found it difficult to finish this book.  It did not keep my attention. I basically find all the praise for her as both a writer and an individual vastly out of proportion to her talent. It would be helpful if those writers and academicians who are full of praise for her would perhaps write some articles that are readable saying exactly why she is a genius.
My eleven year old son had to read this in fifth grade. Said &#34; I didn't like it at all. The story is too sad.&#34;
Anyone familiar with the concept of survivorship bias should be appalled by Covel's use of selected historical returns to demonstrate the efficacy of his trading advice.  The book is essentially a long-winded sales pitch -- like a text infomercial -- full of useful gems like "the trend is your friend until the end when it bends."
Updike? a great American writer? Please. The man couldn't write his way out of a paper bag. He has no diction, his prose is frightful, and he certainly isn't going to convert anyone with Rabbit Run, a pitiful waste of paper, as pretentious as it is creepy. What we have here is another sob story of a man who needs to grow up instead of playing basketball all the time. He's not going to make the N.B.A. So why doesn't he put down the ball? Updike's entire novel centers around this question, trying to make the case that just because Rabbit is no good at basketball doesn't mean he shouldn't play. Please. I suggest Moby Dick, this is pretentious trash.
It's not that this book is just awful. I gave it 2 stars because it's just NOT for me. It progresses way too slowly for me to stay engaged. I just graduated from college and my minor was Creative Writing and this was assigned in one of my classes, and multiple people in the class fell in love with the book, but I didn't are for it. I'm sorry Donna, nothing personal, but I need faster progression to keep me interested.
This is a classic example of a book that would be much better as a movie. It really is just a watered down, tame Dawson's Creek episode. Salinger doesn't know how to write dialogue or project teenager's emotions, but some of the visuals and situations would play out well in a film. I could see this starring Freddie Prinze Jr. This screwy book should be stripped from the shelves and turned into a WB show, maybe it could replace Dawson. Two thumbs down, Salinger.
I'm surprised to see this book get high scores here, it's quite bad even by Murakami Haruki's relatively low standards ("Norwegian Wood" and "A Wild Sheep's Chase" and "Hard-boiled Wonderland and the End of the World" are good, the rest are enjoyable as contentless vehicles of style only).  Everyone I know who's read "Kafka on the Shore" thought it was pointless rubbish.Murakami Haruki seems to be very famous in the US, and he publishes rubbish short stories like "A Shinagawa Monkey" in the New Yorker as a result, but when he puts out books like "Kafka on the Shore" I get a bit frustrated. He has great books, but this one just takes his more experimental pieces like "Dance Dance Dance" and goes through the motions for a couple hundred pages. Very silly, irrelevant stuff. A truck driver in the movie picks up a hitchhiker and drives him to Shikoku where things seem to be happening. He gains an appreciation of classical music, he picks up a heavy rock, he has fantastic sex with a callgirl (who happens to be a philosophy major in college by day!) pimped to him by Colonel Sanders (yes, that's right - the guy in the white suit). He's a minor character in the story, but it doesn't matter - the tale says nothing about nothing. At least it's technically well written, and I've been able to remember this much about its annoying details several months after finishing the book, but that's probably no big compliment...
A bit disappointing.  I was expecting it to be similar to the movie which I loved.  The story line was different in many aspects, as were the characters.  I would not recommend this book.
I gave this book two stars because author Ed Carlson did the best he could explaining the chaotic thoughts, counting, patterns, and beliefs of newsletter writer George Lindsay.George Lindsay wrote a newsletter for over 20 years for investors, while it did very well there are no known success stories for following his opinions and patterns. George Lindsay himself did not trade he just endlessly back-tested and looked for patterns. While it appears that Lindsay was able to "predict" the 1982 bottom and 1987 top in the market, the book fails to present a track record of these great predictions over 20 years of newsletter writings. I also called the top in the Nasdaq in March 2000 within days, and the bottom of the Dow Jones industrial average in March 2009 within days and had moved real money accordingly, BIG DEAL, what about all the times I was flat wrong, two great calls and many wrong ones, so what. When a trader quits trying to predict and follows the trend he begins to win in trading.While Lindsay's main credit is the "discovery" of the three peaks and domed house chart pattern and the days from a peak to a bottom in this pattern, I do not have any idea how in the world some one would invest with the pattern or trade it. The author freely admits in the book how the pattern can be off by a few months or 6 months or years. How is that any help? The author also admits that Lindsay had to revise many counts as he went becasue they were wrong.If George Lindsay truly was a guru then you needed his newsletter to follow him, this book breaks down into chaos, with no real entry signals, exit plan, position size, or how to trade this pattern exactly. I have been a successful and active trader for over 13 years and this book has the feel of a back tester finding random patterns not a trader or investor finding high probability systems. I would have no clue how to use this book as a guide to really time investing or trading and I have read over 200 books and published two on the subject and consider myself very knowledgeable.For a guru who really traded, really became a millionaire, had many, many millionaire disciples up into the 21st century read Nicolas Darvas: How I made $2,000,000 in the stock market. He had a defined system, position sizing, entry and exit strategies, and went by what was happening in the market not his opinion.Also I do not get all these 5 star reviews for this book the 1 star review for the book is the one I agree with.The author did the best he could with the topic, he did inform and educate me on George Lindsay, now I know why I had never heard of him before.
I was very surprised to find that I disliked this book so intensely, because I'm a huge fan of Lady James' Adam Dalgliesh mystery series.  But  all that appears to happen here is talk - mostly about the philosophy of  the current situation, which is &quot;what's going to happen now that  nobody in the world can have a child?&quot;Granted, there's not much  action in the Dalgliesh series either - James is very cerebral - but this  is a bit much.  I'm looking forward to my next Dalgliesh novel.
This book starts well and would have been a good short story, but then it gets padded out with very bad writing.This book is the most tedious left-wing whinge about modern life you will ever read.  De Lillo is most at home whingeing about squalor in various parts of the world, and he finds himself obliged to make it up regularly.  He doesn't let the truth get in the way of a good story.  Further than this, he implies that the way the Western reader lives has caused these people to live in this squalor.But all is not lost, because of the redemptive power of violence!De Lillo is a 'postmodern' writer, ie. shallow.  He reads too much into the modern phenomena of the crowd and the image.  He labours to make his book about everything, but before you know it, it's about nothing.  (It may in fact have been written on LSD, but the first rule about that is: you don't try to describe it.) (And if it wasn't, he's in need of medication.)De Lillo would like you to assume, when you don't get it, that it's because he's too bright, rather than not bright enough.  It all comes out exactly as bad as it is meaningless.  In fact, it's not so much bad writing as imitation writing.This book only represents 200 pages of Don de Lillo trying to figure life out, and failing.
whats the point of this read?  good writer; but content suspect.
I read this because it won the 1987 National Book Award fiction prize.  It is the 57th such winner I have read.  It is a brutal every obscenity undeleted account of a guy who is horribly wounded in Vietnam but lives and returns to the U.S. and when discharged travels, and comes to a town named Boone, which is fictional since it is in Wyandotte County and no town named Boone is actually in any County called Wyandotte..  There he with little effort obtains a job as a dishwasher in one of the two restaurants in town.  We are told a lot about his dishwashing work--more than I have ever read about such work before.  He is a good worker but is bugged by a girl who rooms near his room--he never meets her but she and he are mighty curious about each other.  The behavior of Americans in Vietnam is filled with description of their bad behavior, including rape and murder.  There is nothing uplifting about the story as of course there is much not uplifting about the Vietnam War.  I found the book dismal and not good reading.
It's rare that a book is so bad that I echo another reviewer, Majorie Cheng, who writes, "A total waste of time."It has promise to be a good book. It starts in a logical place: what motivates us to make deals like Warren Buffett? From there it moves into guidelines for making such deals, with chapters like "Deal Only with Dealmakers" and "Victory Favors the Ready."Tucked away in Appendix A is a list of "101 Warren Ways." These also pop up as callouts through the book and this list is the only reason to buy this book.The "101 Warren Ways" connect to one of two significant problems with How to Close a Deal Like Warren Buffett. First is that the book lacks an overarching organisational structure. This stops the author's message from getting through and makes it challenging to learn anything.The second problem is that the author touches on hundreds of subjects but goes into depth on none. These things combined mean you can't grasp an earlier point before you're shuttled onto the next one.I may be wrong, but I can't see how anyone gains from this book. It should never have been published.
The service was good but the CD was defective and had to be sent back for a refund.  I would still like a CD but one is not available now.
This book deals with buying ETF's in sectors of the S&P500 instead of individual stocks. In the beginning of the book the author discusses how he is "Indecisive,  Impatient and Emotional", even though he is poking fun at himself and justifies his statement on the next page by insinuating that he is "human", this was a big turn off for me. I want to read a book from someone who is confident discussing their techniques for investing whether I agree with their philosophy or not.  In this book that is about 163 pages the author discusses 6 different portfolios to create; "Industry Winners, January Barometer, Free Lunch, Always a Bull Market Someplace, Don't get Mad, Get Even and Sell in May." You do the math, there is not much time spent in detail on any of his ideas.  What I did take away from the book was the concept of selling every 6 months to a year, taking the money and investing in  ETFs that are hot then. However, what I didn't read was the author explaining the tax obligations you will be paying on  any "short term earnings", not to mention commission fees. Lately, with the state of the economy,  every week there are dozens of new financial books that comes out ; this book is a poor attempt to make a couple bucks  during that time.
It seems like this book is just a quick buck for the authors, targeting the easy prey that will buy anything they think might be a silver bullet approach to marketing.  There isn't much content to the book, it's all common sense - products that do well are ones people talk about (everyone seems to be using viral marketing now already), feel personal connection to (you can get custom colors for your iPod or KitchenAid), etc.  The book doesn't really give you any idea how to accomplish those tasks, but rather shows you how other companies have done it.  I suggest you poke around the conversationalcapital website and read what's posted there, you'll come away with the same end result and have saved the price of the book.
Like the many recent Academy Award winning films, which are painful to watch and win awards because of the utilization of a bold new method or a controversial topic, The Sound and the Fury leaves those seaking pleasure and entertainment extremely wanting and those reading academically enthralled.  To that end, unless you are looking to read the book to impress your English professor, don't waste your time with this book.  Not only does the story turn out to lack complexity and intrigue, but three-quarters of the novel is largely illegible.  English professors and those that aspire to such, will say that this was the innovation of some kind of new method and is literature at its best, but for those that read for something other than academic study, it is grueling to read through.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book until halfway through, when it seemed like the heroine was going from one crazy thing to the next - all of which highly improbable, very unlucky or both in real life. Everytime though she comes out jumping to the next chapter in her life leaving everything behind  but always with money, how is that supposed to be credible? I found this book disappointing, too unrealistic.
I did not like this book at all.  I felt there were too many descriptions of mundane scenes that added nothing to the story.  I felt the author wanted you to know how smart she was by referencing authors, books, and places that the average person would have no clear understanding of.
It was a very hard book to follow. Didn't make much sense. But anyway that is my opinion. It was not a very good book. At all
Didn't realize that it would be too much for me with my comprehension issues. I have since deleted it from my computer.
I'm not sure why the other reviews are so positive.  The book is very thorough and rigorous I'm sure, but the explanations are terrible.  Everyone I've talked to in my class agrees that it's extremely difficult to learn from if you don't already know complex analysis, bbecause the definitions and order of treatment are very unintuitive.  Example: residue at a is defined as the number R that makes f-R/(z-a) the derivative of a single-valued analytic function in 0&lt;|z-a|&lt;delta; why didn't he even mention that it's the coefficient of 1/(z-a) in the Taylor expansion?  And he didn't even give any examples of specific residues.  I ended up using a mathematical methods for physics book; it was the only way I could develop any kind of intuition for the subject.
If we all had gazillions of dollars as does Pixar, we could all build fun workplaces with imaginariums and foosball tables -- and we could all walk around barefoot in bluejeans.However, I don't and won't likely.I do encourage my workers.I do respect them.And I do reward them.So....The lessons learned from this very quick read: encourage your people to be creative, imagine all possibilities and some other crap. Wowie Zowie!i read it -- and returned it as there was nothing more innovative than that.get a large coffee -- sit down for an hour -- and read it.you will at least enjoy the coffee and will save $15.
if your looking for  a review, this is not it.  its basically a text book written on flash cards in ultra small print.  So if you already have a textbook just stick with that.  if your looking for a review try deja review, much better or the brs flash cards.
As a huge fan of The Firm this book was a disappointment.  There are no thrills and no suspense.  Spend your time/money elsewhere.
I hate to say this, but this is C- Georgette. Aside from the weak characters, for once her use of Georgian slang is impenetrable. I have a long-out-of-print glossary of these, and even that doesn't have many of the terms she uses. This was a frustration for me throughout the novel. As I have said before, read A Civil Contract and Cotillion for a top quality Heyer experience.
Since this author's books have topped so many best sellers' lists, I decided that all those readers couldn't be wrong and bought the first three books in the series.  Now I know not to make assumptions about a book's quality based upon the number of copies sold.  I was expecting a time-travel story, not a romance novel with a thin veneer of history.  If you like books with sordid sex -- most of it improbable and bordering on S&M -- than this book is for you, but don't pick it up expecting a gripping time-travel story like "The Time Traveler's Wife" or an intriguing political tale like the best works of historical fiction.
The stories are interesting.  I remember reading the book thinking, "Wow. These success stories are great.  He's going to give me a method on how to be a Trend Investor."  I closed the last page and I realized the book was absolutely worthless.  There were no specifics.  No rocks to cling on to.This book is really a bunch of interesting stories.  The reader is much better off searching for an Academic Journal Article that actually tested Trend Strategies with statistically significant results.Also, what kind of writer spends this much time debating with customer reviews on Amazon?  If the buyer doesn't like your product, the buyer doesn't like your product.  When you put yourself out there in the public, you have to deal with some amount of criticism.
I just got finished reading Catcher in the Rye again, first time in 45 years since high school.  Both books have an unsympathetic self destructive lead character with no redeeming features.  Both books have some insight into the human dilemma and Lucky Jim has some clever turns of a phrase, but over all I would not recommend it.  If you have a personal grudge against British small college academia you might like this, in the same way that people rebelling against the church like books that bash the priesthood.  I say get a copy of any Wodehouse if you want chuckles in a British setting and skip this.
an ok read, pleasant enough, but it seemed more of an infomercial than a bit of critical reporting. theres hardly a negative comment in the book and little &quot;meat&quot;, very little nitty-gritty. I had the impression it  was commissioned by Amazon.
I wanted to be fair, and I've read 82 pages.  I can't push myself to read more, because it's just drivel about four Princeton seniors, the one senior narrator's father, several professors and some damn 500-year old book that only a handful of people in the whole world know about.  With apologies to the authors and the book snobs at The New York Times who loved it, I just don't care to spend any more of my life reading this book.  Two stars is generous.  I'll get back to a sure thing by Robert Crais or Harlan Coben or John Lescroart or Michael Connelly or Lee Child or John Sandford or Brian Haig or P.T. Deutermann or Vince Flynn or any one of a dozen other novelists who will keep me turning pages.
Questions to ponder on :1. Was Claude Bristol an outrageously successful millionaire, considering how "mind blowing" his findings are?2. How many known successful people cite this book as a classic?3. How many reviewers became highly successful using this book? And not just "inspired"?4. Haven't things that you never thought about happened to you, good or bad? If thought "attracts" things to your life, how come what you never think about happens?Bristol's book was recommended to me by a "successful" christian businessman, but reading this book, and I do admit that I was seduced by it, the bottomline is that it worships THE MIND, not the one who created it, and that system does not work. I studied it and did the work diligently, it did NOT work. If anything I wasted TIME and my MONEY.I went back to the Bible for -- spirituality -- because christianity transformed my life so much in such a short time. This book is totally incompatible with christianity so any christian that recommends it is either deceived or fake. Bad things we never think about occur, and blessings we never ever thought about come to us as well (which is basically my life, blessings that leave me speechless). The right mindset can enhance your life. Goal setting is also life transforming (with God's guidance). Remaining positive, optimistic, resilient and unstoppable is great. Reading practical books with concrete tools can help. But concentrating on a specific "thought" perse will not attract that stuff at all (actions bring more results), unless you tap into the occult aka magic which requires more that just "focusing on thought" but actual studied rites and rituals. Millions of people fantasize about money or love daily and never attract great circumstances to be rich or find that special one.BUT this book is more than just about "thought", I believe that at the end of the day it was written as an introduction to MAGIC itself to the public (and I know more about the occult than many, as some of my relatives used it and are paying for it to this day), as it also suggests manipulating others through thoughts to get them to do what you want. You wont get results by reading this book because it's just a superficial aspect of voodoo-ish crap, but the danger is that easily impressed minds can be tempted to go and study the occult due to reading this book. The power of SUGGESTION is real. Seeds can be planted just like that.Please do NOT let that book enter your homes. Avoid it at any cost. Practical authors, who talk about business and personal growth from a very concrete perspective and are proven successful people, such as Darren Hardy and Jim Rohn, are far more trustworthy. No weird stuff, no mystery, just results.Don't get distracted : SUCCESS has already been figured out, it is neither occult nor a secret, folks!
This was one of the worst books I've read. How it ended on the "NY times bestseller" list is a mystery to me. The plot was intresting, but not compelling. The endless monlogue was exhaustive, the flashbacks confusing.  The authors droned endlessly on about stuff that wasn't intresting and completely glossed over aspects that could have deepened the plot or made the charachters more intresting. If you're looking for a fast paced novel, this is not it.  However, if your willing to sit down and really think about a book and invest a lot of time and effort into something that won't return the favor, this is your book.
It probably didn't help that I *had* to take the course, but I found my blood boiling at the inconsistencies and half-baked ideas after nearly every chapter. Yes, there are a few good points. Points that for the most part you ought to know already.There were several things on the other hand, that really irked me:* The book seemed to give the impression that anger was never justified.* It assumes that you're always dealing with rational people.* It assumes that people don't have ulterior motives when they interact with you.* It ignores the political reality of how most people have to interact with their bosses if they want to keep their jobs.* Anticipating how someone might respond the is the same mistake they tell you to avoid later in the book (telling yourself stories).* The idea that resistance is always rooted in fear is false. Sometimes resistance is rooted in ideals. George Washington, Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King all are a great examples of this. Sure, fear may be involved, but it's not the chief motivation.* Compromise is not always necessary or desirable. When right compromises with wrong, it's no longer right.* Students aren't encouraged to challenge the ideas in class. You're expected just to accept them as scientific truth. I find this kind of groupthink insulting and dangerous.I could go on and on, but it really doesn't deserve any more of my time. I'll wrap up with one last thought. If the ideas presented by Grenny and endorsed by the likes of Covey are so revolutionary, why did Franklin Covey end up stuck in the crapper and end up pulling their name from the local baseball stadium? For me, it's because if there's one thing that groups like this are good at (and there may only be one), it's selling books to the gullible masses who ought to think for themselves.
This book is little more than a written infomercial for the author's business, "123employee." He barely touches the realities or intricacies of outsourcing, hitting on only a few aspects of it in a handful of chapters, while giving you information on how to start an Internet sales business and disguise it to not look like a sales business. At the end of every chapter there's a QR code that you can scan to (watch) more (video) marketing. His writing style mimics that of the very annoying Timothy Ferris from "4 Hour Workweek" with the biggest difference between them being that Mr. Ferris actually included some useful information (albeit just a little) in his book. I guess the cover image being a toned down rip off of Timothy Ferris's book should have been a good indicator of that. Save your time and money and get a book like "Outsourcing for Dummies" which actually IS about outsourcing. The fact that this book made it to print makes me question the legitimacy of its publisher. You can also find threads in several forums on the web about 123employee, and upon reading the threads it will become very obvious that they're nothing more than advertisements instead of legitimate conversations. This sort of dishonesty in itself makes the author's ethics questionable to me. I believe that many of the stellar reviews here on amazon were likely paid or plants (the author or his family or friends.) It is disturbing that this sort of thing can slip through the cracks so easily.
This book is a required text for a class. Everyone, including the professor hates it. The book is not very thorough on most subjects covered (for my class), to the point the instructor has to create tutorials for every chapter. The professor is an actual working programmer not just an academic, so immediately his opinion gets a bump.  I complete the homework by reading the W3 Schools documentation and Murach I only use the this over priced question set for the required homework questions.  The book lightly brushes over topics say in Javascript then there is a program example and the actual usage of the topic is then either just as lightly explanined or at times not explained at all.  Granted, one can get from the syntax how something is being used, but a thorough explanation of hows and whys is expected from a textbook!I don't know if this book reflects on the rest of the Author's body of work, I am sure he is a great programmer just not so much with the teaching, or maybe just textbook aspect, but I am really not interested in buying anymore of his high dollar materials only to find out they akin to this one.  I am left wondering: how does a book this poor get to a 4th edition???? Must be the politics of textbooks maybe there aren't that many offerings.Final recommendation - don't buy this if you can at all help it.
Overall:The ideas behind the book are very interesting using a well known mysterious book with an odd history and turning it into a mystery novel.  I love the idea of taking bits from history and putting a new spin on them.  However, the interesting elements of the setting/book are quickly drowned out by the tedious characters and the totally unrealistic character actions.I really wanted this to be a good book...I kept hoping but just when it showed promise the joy was sucked out by a stupid character action.Characters:Paper thin and annoying.Plot:Starts off very interesting and quickly slides into ridiculousnessAction:Not well done and very unrealistic even for this type of a fiction novel.Prose:It was simply painful in many parts.Overall: 2 starsCharacters: 0.5 starsPlot: 2 starsAction: 1 starProse: 1 star
I don't get it, John Grisham puts his name to something and everyone says it is good....This book was nothing.  Nothing happenned, I waited 450 pages for something, I am still waiting.  I can't remember feeling more empty after finishing a book that I do now.....The only good thing is that I finished this in a few days on the train.....I read everything by Grisham and usually like most things, although, he has not come close to his first 3 novels....This one was NOTHING................don't waste your time.....I look forward to any feedback from people who liked this....
I'm not sure who this book if for.The tone of the book is pretty harsh. Basically it provides lots of excuses for saying no to everyone. It's along the lines of scenarios where someone asks you to do something and you are supposed to say "No, I won't do it. Do it yourself"If you are comfortable with harshly telling people no, even relishing shooting people down (and the tone of the book is pretty resentful), I doubt you need any assertiveness training to begin with.For someone who does need more assertiveness, the examples are a little too rude, so this book is too out of character and not much help. You're probably not looking to become a jerk, just looking for more balance in relationships.People are probably better off finding a book about assertiveness.
I was excited to read this book.  As a content marketing strategist, I'm hungry for the latest word about content.  I quickly lost interest in this book after the first few chapters.There were a few new things that I learned from this book.  I especially enjoyed:**The history of content curation.  As an avid reader and library user, I enjoyed reading about the origins of the Dewey Decimal System.  Rosenbaum considers the Dewey System to be one of the original curation systems.**How humans can manage the tsunami of content today.  We need to use both technology and human intervention.What missed the mark for me with this book:**The seemingly endless examples.  Of course, it's good to back up statements with facts, but this book was more a recitation of facts, without any deep thought behind it.  I guess you could say this book was a curation of curation.**I didn't think there were any new ideas presented in this book.  It's merely a recitation of facts.**The use of the term "curation" to mean a catch all for any content.  Steven talks about blogging, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.  Are these things content curation or content creation?If you want to learn more about Content Management and Content Strategy, I would recommend other books and resources.Some good books:Kristina Halvorsen's book, "Content Strategy for the Web." Kristina not only talks about Content Strategy, but gives the reader concrete tactics on how to create and execute strategy.David Meerman Scott's, "The New Rules of Marketing & PR: How to Use Social Media, Online Video, Mobile Applications, Blogs, News Releases, and Viral Marketing to Reach Buyers Directly."  David gives clear cut ways to create and manage content.
I came across this book amidst many recommendations on how laugh-out-loud funny it is, and have always been bowled over whenever I've reasd a Pulitzer Prize winner.  I really wanted it to be funny, and I could see these ridiculous scenarios building up to their humorous climax in anticipation, but they quite simply weren't funny. I get what the author was going for - this absurd, delusional, quixotic train-wreck of a slob in Ignatius.  It was a clever book at points (especially Ignatius' writings).  I did laugh to myself a couple times, but most of the time, the humor missed the mark for me, and when something tries to be funny and fails over and over it just gets tired.I kept waiting for this to get funny all the way until the end of the book, it just didn't happen.  Not a bad book per se, but given the accolades it's received, and the fact that it's a Pulitzer Prize winner, I'm very dissappointed.  This is the first time I've ever read a Pulitzer winner and not been really impressed.
Sara Louise Bradshaw is an awkward, pretentious young woman consumed with envy against her twin sister, whom she feels has robbed her of love and attention since their birth, when Louise was forgotten in the rush to save Caroline's life.  In Louise's words,I was the elder by a few minutes. I always treasured the thought of those minutes. They represented the only time in my life when I was the center of everyone's attention. From the moment Caroline was born, she snatched it all for herself. (Harper Trophy, 1990, p. 18)Her feelings are understandable, since her emotionally distant parents do favor the beautiful Caroline, making significant sacrifices to develop her musical gift while Louise (or "Wheeze," as dubbed by her sister) is neglected.  The book traces Louise's journey out of her oppressive adolescence into a new life of her own choosing, as she leaves home and marries far from her family.This story is one of the first in a 1980's genre of fiction that focused on the out-of-place feelings young people struggle with.  As in many stories of this type, the author succeeds very well at portraying Louise's crushing resentment, but fails to provide a satisfying resolution.  Throughout her struggles she is obsessively self-absorbed and bitterly envious, providing ample opportunity for readers' empathy but not for emulation.  More troubling than her hatred of Caroline is her insistence that God is to blame for her pain.  This sentiment is underscored by her mentally ill grandmother, who venomously whispers an out-of-context scripture quotation to her: "As it is written, 'Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.'" (Romans 9:13)Although the author subtly lets the reader know that many of Louise's problems are of her own making, the idea that God has forsaken her is never really contradicted.  Rather, it is through taking responsibility for her decisions, leaving home and building a new life on her own terms that Louise achieves resolution.  The story concludes when, in her new vocation as a midwife, she  momentarily forgets to care for a healthy twin while saving the life of the younger.  She instructs the young mother to give proper attention to the healthy child, and walks home peacefully, hearing her sister's voice singing in her mind.  This scene may be interpreted to mean that she has come to terms with the injustice of her childhood, even though she does not actually reconcile with her sister or parents.This book won a Newbery Medal, and has been enjoyed by many readers because of its masterful writing and the genuine pathos of its protagonist.  But Louise's faults unfortunately permeate this compelling story.  I'm willing to be challenged, but I believe that while Paterson has done a great job of describing adolescent struggles, her protagonist is never allowed to fully transcend them.  This, combined with the truly poisonous nature of Sara Louise's family, makes this a story that may do more harm than good.
I liked this book until I got to the end - I felt it a little too drawn out - but it still kept me interested.  However, the author does not wrap things up too well.  She leaves us too much in the &quot;lurch&quot;.  Like what is this whole thing about the priest and Arnie and their eyes?  And what about the conversation between Rouge and Mortimer - what was that all about?  And what about Sadie?I really HATE it when an author keeps me going and then leaves me FLAT - which is exactly the way I felt when I finished this book!  It's kind of like the Grisham novels - he's got you going all over the place - than blam! - Nothing!This is the first novel I've read by Carol O'Connell and it will likely be my last!  I only read it because a friend gave it to me a couple of years ago, and I ran out of things to read.  What a waste of time!
This is quite possibly the worst book I've ever read. A good friend of mine recommended it to me and I kept reading expecting something more... It just seemed to keep going on without any real purpose.
I'm a fan of the Wilder series, but this book makes for a sad and bitter postscript to that hopeful and optimistic work. It may be realistic, and, worse, it may authentically reflect Wilder's thoughts, but boy is it a bitter, sad and frustrated rejection of what is most appealing in the earlier books. I guess you have to read it if you are a Wilder completist, but unless you are willing to darken your rosy memories of the early books, I would avoid this.
John Grisham has been slaughtered by critics (both professional and by readers on Amazon.com) over the past couple of years because of the mediocrity of his last 2 or 3 novels, which I felt were well deserved.  So I think he decided to write &quot;A Painted House&quot; to attempt to show that he has a literary side which would, in turn, win over the critics (and he did seem to get more positive reviews this time).  I don't think this book is a bad book as the dialog is terrific, but basically, not a whole lot happens in this novel.  Yes, there are a couple of killings and numerous family trials and tribulations, but it is all portrayed as just all in a day's worth of picking cotton.  I also had a hard time with the fact that the narrator, Luke Chandler, was only seven years old.  He seemed way too wise beyond his years for me (if Luke was 12 or 13, it might have worked for me).  He had this problem with handling kids in the &quot;The Client&quot; as well.I picked this book up when it came out, read about 150 pages of it and put it aside until a week ago, when I decided that I was going to finish it.  Once you set your mind to it, it reads very fast, but it just isn't interesting.  I give the book two stars because I at least give Grisham credit for taking a risk in going away from the formula that has worked so well for him for a decade.  But it would have been better if there was a real story to tell.
There is nothing in this book that has not been covered 50 times before.Interesting read, but there are gigabytes of similar FEEE data on the same topic on the net.So why bother?
After reading other reviews, I purchased this book for my 14month old.  He loves book and most especially if they have animals in them.  I have been disappointed in this book.  My son hardly ever picks it up only when encouraged.  There are so many other better books out there to purchase.
reading this book.  For years I have gone by the average ratings on books here on Amazon to pick my reading.  This was the first time that failed me.  I was bored to tears with this.  It is not "bitterly funny", "amazing", or "a classic".  I'll give it unique but that's about it.  It was like sitting down to read the book of Genesis for me.  Yes, I understand that's the whole point:  the mind of someone with Autism is so complicated we could never understand.  My point is just that:  I don't have it, I can't understand, I did not enjoy it.
Admittedly, I was hoping for something along the lines of "Freakonomics" or "Blink," and this just didn't quite do it for me.  Honestly, I just couldn't get into it.
I got through half the book. It is a small book but I guess I was bored with the fact that it either stated the obvious or it seems other investment books cover this information better...was disappointed in the way it read.
Being a big fan of all things related to ancient Greece, I was really looking forward to this modern tale of the Greek gods and goddesses trying to make things work in modern times. While it's an interesting premise, ultimately, it didn't hold my attention.The Greek deities are known for their bickering, hot tempers, and wild emotional swings. At first it was entertaining, but when all the characters start to grate on your nerves, it's hard to find anything intriguing there. As one reviewer put it, it was the Greek gods in The Real World reality show. People arguing and acting like jerks isn't entertaining to me.Throw in a couple of ho-hum, unrelatable human protagonists and the book just doesn't work.
If you speak good English and went to a US medical school you only need to read the introduction of this book to learn about how the test day runs.  All the other stuff about what questions to ask and how to answer them and how to do the physical exam you should already know from the past 4 years.  If you are an IMG it might be useful.
Stilted input of historical facts, e.g., listening to Frank talk about history.One fantastic adventure after another with lots of sex, rape, beatings.Not my type of historical romance.
Universally acclaimed by fawning business journalists and CEOs, this book surprisingly offers no insight or advice beyond the "moral" of: adapt to and accept change, because change is inevitable. This may be a revolutionary concept to 6-year-olds setting up a lemonade stand, but in the real world of adults this is no less obvious than looking both ways before crossing the street, or don't eat the yellow snow.Don't buy this book. If you really, really want to read it, get it from the library, or borrow it from someone. Your manager probably has a copy somewhere on their bookshelf gathering dust, and you can tell them you want to read it for professional development. Certainly not worth the $19.95 cover price, this book is a scam, and a fraud. Clocking in at 96 pages, hardcover, and printed in an unusually large font, this book was apparently written on the back of a scorecard while the author's golfing buddy was looking for a lost ball.Amazingly this book has sold around 24 million copies. If there's anything to learn from this book, it's how to market a product that no one needs to an audience of managers and HR professionals who need materials to give to employees attending corporate retreats, where they will additionally learn about synergy, innovation, and being impactful.Don't read this book. Don't buy this book.
208 pages of aimless drivel. About 3 over worked metaphors that stick through a vapid juvenile vocabulary like the ribs of a starved street dog. The endless redundancy of a spoiled teenage journal: infinite self indulgence, vanity, and apathy. No description, no plot, no knowledge, and no feeling. Undoubtedly, the author will say "That's the point." And indeed for sick and fatuous stupidity, this book is the top of the heap. If you want to feel like you spend an evening with people who are forgetful, careless, and empty, this is your best choice.
OMG!  I read this book in high school and thought it was the most boring, torturous book ever.  Now my daughter is reading it and was not just my immaturity that led me to that conclusion.  Kumalo's trek to Johannesburg takes FOREVER.  I was like oh just get there already.  Tedious details and see it coming from a mile away plot developments will have you snoring away in no time.  But for anyone who suffers from insomnia, this book should do the trick!
When I picked up this book I was excited to read about the Twins of Auschwitz.  I have never seen any other book or information about them.  However, this book is more about Mengele's life, from birth to death, with brief quotations from the Twins thrown in.  Only about 40 pages of the book actually took place in Auschwitz-Birkenau.  If you are looking about information on Mengele, you may find this to be an interesting read.  If you are interested in the Twins of Auschwitz or information about the concentration camp, this book offers little information.
Just about as unlikeable and unlikely a story as I have ever read.  Here we have a successful &quot;woman of independent means&quot; who is basically bullied into a quickie wedding with a much younger man of uncertain background.  Self absorbed, shallow, trite, wordy, boring and entirely too explicit in the &quot;love scenes.&quot;  The author DOES manage to get the controlling, selfish husband down pretty well, but the &quot;True&quot; character is quite lame.Say Bye to this one, I certainly would not recommending you Buy it.
This book is absolutely terrible. I took one semester of Italian in college, didn't remember a lick of it, and thought it'd be nice to brush up on it, so I grabbed this from Barnes and Noble. It's horrible. Every now and then, I find a misspelling (which, just to be sure, I looked up with an Italian dictionary) and the lessons skip ahead of what the reader has already learned. (Case in point, the end of Chapter 1 asks you to translate sentences into Italian, even though you have only just covered singular and plural nouns, definite and indefinite articles, and adjectives. You haven't learned pronouns, verbs, or adverbs yet, all of which it asks you to translate into Italian.)Don't waste your money.
I have read some of Durrell's travel writing, and I found that very poetic and engaging.  This is considered his masterpiece, so I took the book with me on vacation, expecting great things.  Woahwee, was I disappointed.  I got thru about 50 pages, but it was an uncomfortable and unrewarding slog.  The writing was as pretentious as can be - a kind of cynical, Gallic romanticism was being presented that seemed completely out of date and not at all engaging.  The main character chattered on about his life in Alexandria, Egypt in, I dont know, the 1940s or 1950s, maybe.  He discussed his womanizing friends and their relationships, and the weird women that they got involved with.  Some seem to think these books have important things to say about romance and relationships, but I have no clue what those things might be.Durrell seemed to want to conjure up a world of cafe intellectuals in an exotic Mediterranean locale, experiencing passion and the life of the mind, but all I got out of it was a few hours reading dense, unappetizing, and dated prose.  One could make the argument that one might react to Joyce's "Ulysses" in a similar fashion, and that if I knew more about the history of the book, et cetera, I might appreciate it more, but I dont think so.  I don't think this quartet is read very much anymore, and I can understand why.* Please note that some knowledgable people have replied to this negative review and pointed out some things I did not know. Clearly there are other opinions of Durrell's work that need to be considered.  Perhaps I should give the Alexandria Quartet another try someday.
As a former Yale graduate student, at least I had something in common with the (overly numerous) characters, but they still didn't hold my attention. The story was pretty pointless, and by the end I didn't care what happened.  Skip it unless you're desperate for shallow entertainment. He does get  extra points for ridiculing Yale's imitation gothic architecture.
Please note: I am not a "future teacher". However, I am a future vessel of product reviews tinged with enthusiasm.Bear with me, please- no pun intended...O.K., pun intended. I read somewhere that every "with-it" parent had to have this book in their kid's book collection. I thought that something was wrong with me, because this book failed to produce backflips and cartwheels for me. The whole sound and moon travel deal presented in this book just goes over tots' heads. I always felt compelled to stop reading to try to explain these phenomena to my child, and the pleasure of reading would instantly disperse with this OCD moment. I also always wondered if she (my child) would be stunted if I did not explain the above. I did not live near the Grand Canyon, nor near an old well, so circumstances did not allow me to demonstrate an echo for her. I doubt that she had any notion that the moon traveled throughout the night, and trying to explain it seemed likely to create confusion; to her it was as fixed as Mommy, orange juice, and "Dora the Explorer". I mostly left the explanations alone, and jazziness was not produced by this book in our realm. By the time kids are old enough to get echo and satellite stuff, they dismiss "Moonbear" as too babyish (even as an easy reader), due to the fact that the illustrations appeal to toddlers, and have too little detail for older, exploring minds. The illustrations are simple, while the concept is not simple enough.
I struggled with this book, because the concepts were not presented in a linear manner.  However, it was the required text for school so I had no choice in the matter.  I would recommend that another book be found for this subject, as I toiled way too much to put the concepts into a framework that I could get hold of and understand.
In case you don't speak Greek, the headline for this review means:  &#34;what pretentious crap.&#34;This is a weird book to review, since Donna Tartt writes well when observing or describing something.  But the plot of &#34;The Secret History&#34; is absurd, the characters one-dimensional and not believable, and the dialogue laughable (and I don't think this was intended as a comedy.)  No one, not even twits like Henry, Charles, Francis, Camilla and Bunny, really talks the way they do.Nothing about the plot makes sense.  Julian serves no purpose in the novel, other than to be the catalyst for bringing this group of creeps together.  And what was compelling about Julian?  That he had good taste in decorating his office?  Why did Julian gather around him this particular assortment of affected twits?  So Ms. Tartt could show off with references to Greek literature and arcane (and boring) &#34;intellectual&#34; factoids?  Bunny's inclusion in the group is not believable.  Other than being Henry's freshman roommate, Bunny has nothing to recommend him.  He's an oafish, loudmouthed leech.  Richard, the narrator, is a cipher and a reflexive liar.  I guess he got into the group because he suggested the use of the locative instead of something else when he observed the other twits arguing over a translation into Greek.  But who cares and why in the world would that justify his admission into Julian's exclusive cult?  Also, they all seem oddly asexual, unless you count the twins having sex with each other as sexual rather than just weird.Ms. Tartt also badly needs an editor.  She goes on and on about stuff that has nothing to do with the story and appears to be included simply because she observed something, recorded it in her notebook, and felt compelled to include it in her book so we would have to read it.I read &#34;The Secret History&#34; after reading &#34;The Goldfinch&#34;, which I enjoyed even though it also needed some editing, and because friends whose opinion I respect recommended it.  So, if you're a &#34;Goldfinch&#34; fan, you might want to try &#34;The Secret History&#34;, but there are lots better novels out there, e.g., &#34;The Beautiful Ruins&#34; and the Hillary Mantel books about Thomas Cromwell, to name a couple.
As many other reviewers have commented, the author's tone throughout this  book is somewhat arrogant and distant.  Many of the examples he provides  are quite vague and described from the point of view that the reader should  already have a clue about the stock market.  Since this book was last  published around 1995, the internet revolution as come on full force and  has significantly changed the way stocks are traded.  Stocks can fall over  8% in one day and recover that the next day.  If one was to listen to Mr.  O'Neil's theory of selling at  8% one would LOSE ALOT OF MONEY!!!!In  addition,Mr. O'Neil's views on other investment vehicles are extremely  narrow minded.  Writing Covered calls CAN I repeat CAN supplement one's  income and allow one to continueously earn extra dollars on investments  should your call continue to expire from month to month as long as the  stock does not go belly up altogether.  Covered Calls are relatively safe  that they are allowed in IRA's.  Mr. O'Neil was to busy looking at all the  negatives that he did not bother to mention this critical positive and the  the other pluses of Writing Covered Calls such as that you canbuy to cover  if the stock shows more downward movement.O'Neil's views on Mutual Funds  and Charting are vague and inaccurate.  One should always investigate who  Manages the money in a Mutual Fund and the years experience these mangers  have.  This is not stated at all.  To say that you must hold a Fund 10-15  years minimum is ludicrous.  I've gotten plenty of mileage out of my Mutual  Funds after less than five.One of the few decent points O'Neil makes  involves the CANSLIM method.  It is outlined accurately so one can do their  own research into those areas.  It would have been nice if Mr. O'Neil gave  some specific examples on how CANSLIM would have worked with a good stock  like IBM or Exxon.  Instead O'Neil merely throws charts at his audience and  oversells the Investors Business Daily.  Don't get me wrong, his paper is  quite good but if I want to believe in an investment book, I don't want to  be sold on a Newspaper.A few years ago, O'Neil's strategy might have had  some merit. Today it just sounds like the ramblings of a angry old windbag  who has lost alot of touch with today's investor.
The concept was a great one, Greek Gods living in London in the present day and adapting themselves to modern living. I thought it would be a great, fun story to read, filled with creativity, entertaining and hopefully even funny. I didn't find it to be any of those things.I received this through the Amazon Vine program, before its publication date. I had limited information at the time I requested it and thought it sounded good so I requested a copy to read and review. I faced a challenge when I didn't even want to finish the first chapter. I plowed through the book out of obligation. I'm sorry to write this review but it is honest (I didn't want to lie in my review).I didn't like any of the characters, there was nothing to like about them. They weren't funny, even, and I thought that the idea of Greek Gods living in the present day could have had a lot to laugh about.All were reduced to scummy positions in society, even living in squalor in a rat-infested house. The lovely Aphrodite as a phone sex operator and doing that on a cell phone while walking around? Dionysus not just as a nightclub owner but a sleazy, dark one filled with weird acts being performed on stage? Apollo as a not talented television psychic? And due to the writing, the characters were all shallow, which didn't make me feel emotionally interested in any of them.As today's news reporters do, the author also takes emotionally-charged issues and presents them so shallowly that we don't care. A child getting bulled and beat up on a schoolyard is presented with no emotion, then videotaping said event, no emotion. A human having been turned into a tree and later chopped down, just because while walking to work, she refused to perform a sex act on Apollo, again, no emotion. The human couple in love, barely any emotion.One God has converted to Christianity although that is covered so shallowly that we don't even care let alone understand why a Greek God would convert to Christianity! (Is that not a huge thing?) One discussion between the Gods about Jesus Christ and Christianity was especially insulting, where they say Jesus Christ was just a mortal and they take it from there, basically putting down any Christian for being so stupid to believe in Jesus Christ as anything but a regular old dead human from the past.The book has some sex scenes, starting right off on the sixth page of the book, which were also written so as to illicit zero emotion or interest, it is just crude and uncaring and trivial and nasty. Profanity is throughout the book as well, with dullness actually, why bother?One thing that drove me nuts was the over-use of dialogue. I've never read a book so full of dialogue and so lacking in text. And the dialogue is not great either. The author does not use it in the way that a master at dialogue such as Stephen King does, in ways to reveal each character's persona and that conveys emotion and that actually moves the story forward.I know it is hard to write a book and I thought it was even harder to actually get published. I don't usually write reviews with such negative content, if I don't like a book of adult fiction I just don't review it, chalking it up to just my taste in fiction being different than other people's and who am I to judge? However issues like shallow characters, being a book that when I'm half way through it, that I don't even care enough to go on to finish it, is a sign for me that the book is not just not good but is pretty poor. The Amazon Vine program puts me in a hard position; I am forced to review the book that I didn't know much about at the time I ordered it. I'm sorry to rate this so low but it is my honest review. I disliked it so much and I thought the writing and storytelling in and of itself was so bad that I can't even muster up a justification for a 2 star rating.Perhaps some would think this is a good summer beach read. It just is not my cup of tea at all, even for beach reading.One more thing. Why would the author and publisher advertise on the back cover in the author's biography section that she writes a certain blog which, as of today, she has set to be read only by invited guests? Since we readers are not allowed to read that blog we should not even be told about it.
Horrible work. Read a classic instead of this rant concocted a a leftist XX century intellectual short on ideas!
He had it right, but over did it. I don't care how many Aspies he's spoken with, they aren't freaks like he makes Christopher seem to be at times.I read it, attended the panel discussion at school on it, then donated it to the school library. I think it was over-hyped, probably because it was supposedly the first of it's kind. Just as a man can't write a book on how it is to be pregnant, an NT shouldn't try writing a book on how it is to be an Aspy.Oops!NT = (N)eurotypical (T)hinker. Aspy term for everyone else.Aspy = Person with Asperger Syndrome. Supposedly the main character in the story has Asperger's. But...
Placing Shaq as the #1 player of all-time immediately disqualifies this book's credability. To say that a player who can barely make a free-throw and has made a 3-point shot -- what, once? -- in his career is the best ever is non-sense. Even worse than that is the over-reliance on statistics. Now, I'm not necessarily saying MJ should be #1 on the list (though he's a definite contendor).But Shaq shouldn't even be a contender for #1, for several reasons, most of which has to do with personal will and determination. Shaq's been known as a whiner, and has done many things which have harmed his team (like putting off surgery until the last minute). I'm sorry, unless a player goes out there with 100% every night, he's not even a candidate for the best ever. The most important quality is whether or not the player is a winner, and how much of a winner he is. Now, I'm not saying that Championships should be the sole determination (by that measure, Wilt Chamberlain would be near the bottom of the top 50, not the top). But, I am saying that the player's personal will to win, and overall affect on the rest of his team, are.A simple way to put it would be, if you had to choose, who would you choose? Anyone who would choose Shaq over MJ or Bill Russel would be nuts, for a couple of reasons. (1) Both of those players were more talented than Shaq. (2) You could count on both of those players to put in 100+% every night, you can't count on Shaq for that.Put another way, does anyone honestly think that a team of 5 Shaq's would beat a team of five Russel's, five Jordan's, or even five Magic Johnson's? No, it wouldn't.
I invested almost six minutes reading this book before I threw it out. I didn't even donate it to the library. Ironically I ordered it because a NY Times writer quoted something from it, and since I liked the article I decided to buy the book. That was a mistake. The story is pointless and meanders
It did not take an evil genius to outwit the italian equivalent of Clouseau and the Keystone cops in this totally forgettable novel about a mediocre marauder who kills goofily two friends and goes away with it because idiot cops fail to make any good question, fall for Ripley's unsatisfactory explanations and overlook obvious clues. Plus, Ripley is absolutely devoid of any charm or subtlety. Montalbano or Poirot would have found him out without much errort.
I found this book to be less informative than I thought it was going to be. I was hoping to see more of whats happened in Steinbeck's physche during his labor over The Grapes Of Wrath, but it doesnt really happen. This almost feels like he was asked to perform this task and he did it as an assignment rather than a labor of love.
I approached this book hoping it would actually deliver on its promise in the title. As with most such books, especially written by those connected to Wall Street, it was an amazing disappointment.While the advice given is supposedly geared toward the common person, most of it is geared toward the wealthy. One example used talks about a couple who need to save $35,000 a year. Now, who do you know who has that kind of money to save or invest? I know very few people who even take home that much, and the median individual wage in this country is only around $26,000 a year (which means that half the individual wage earners are at this level or below).Median household income is only about $45,000, and that is before taxes. All the usual remarks about skipping that latte every day or cutting down on eating out a time or two each week to build your retirement fortune ring with their usual class-based hollowness.The bottom line is that the author wants you to invest in the stock market, although through indirect means such as mutual funds and IRAs. You've heard this all before - there is nothing new here, and it is the same kind of advice that has so many people on the ropes today: "trust the stock market - just ride out the down times, it will recover......." (If you can wait 30 years...)As a member of the Boomer generation who has experienced the disappearance of large parts of just such investments in the market crashes over the last 14 years, I have to say that the evidence of reality clearly contradicts the advice in this book. Large numbers of people who did exactly as instructed in this book are either postponing retirement or re-entering the workforce because these strategies just didn't work, at least not for most people. Certainly not for the 84% of the population earning less than six figures.Granted, one can always come up with stories of people who did just fine with systems like this, but then there are also such stories about people who can regularly beat casinos. I personally know of a person who can walk into a store and win hundreds of dollars seemingly at will on Kino tickets. Such examples, while interesting, are no guarantee for others.I followed just such advice and watched helplessly as huge amounts of my retirement investments evaporate in the engineered crashes in the markets. And 15 years after this all began, those funds have yet to completely recover, even though the market is several thousand points higher than it was when I invested. After 15 years, my mutual fund growth is basically flat - they have made essentially NO growth at all in 15 years, and that is following all this kind of advice about researching good funds, diversifying, blah, blah, blah. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns... as they say. No "fecal matter," Sherlock....CDs (certificates of deposit) would have given me a far greater return than the loses I incurred, and all money is subject to the same inflation pressures that are used as counter arguments against lower interest rate instruments. CDs can be had which are insured so there is much less risk of losing your principle.The author deprecates such insured investments as savings and CDs because they provide such low rates of return. Well, using hypothetical rates of return from generalized market trends is an exercise in duplicity, because few funds have made any kind of steady growth (except over very long terms), and absolutely none guarantee or insure it - including the safety of your principle (the money you invest). Low interest rates on insured principle are better than losing your principle and decades of growth on that principle, any day of the week.And don't even get me started on the opportunity cost of 15 years of lost principle......Chapter 6 is called "Why The Stock Market Isn't a Roulette Wheel," and the author is right - it isn't a roulette wheel. It is more like a crooked antique auction run by organized crime. Some people will make money in it regardless, but most will lose, just like a casino. This is because the stock market is in reality a system designed to allow a privileged elite to "mine" the general economy and extract wealth without creating or producing anything.Think about it - after the original stock sale, a corporation makes absolutely NO money off the stock that is traded around in the market. That stock is basically a collectible, subject to the whims of perception - just like antiques or vintage lunch boxes. Yet, the corporation has to pay dividends to those stockholders from whom it receives NO value, often based on the value "the market" places on said stock. If you look at it objectively, the stock market is an amazing con game, and people would have to be incredibly stupid to sell control of their company this way.It does greatly benefit the elite who run the market, however.....So, what is a person to do instead? There are a number of strategies which allow one to generate additional streams of income (including passive income) and using the tax advantages afforded by owning your own business. As with big corporations, there can be far more money to be had in tax breaks than investments. The internet and modern technology make it far easier to earn money and own your own business now than ever before in history, and to free yourself from an oppressive system in the process.Think about turning health insurance costs into a tax deduction....see what I mean?Money and time invested in yourself is far better than passive income from money constantly at risk in someone else's rigged game. You would be far better off reading Chris Guillebeau or Ernie Zelinski. They will help you create freedom and independence instead of tying your fate to a system designed to suck wealth out of the economy for the benefit of a few.As Guillebeau says, the only security in this world is in your own competency and usefulness.Run, don't walk, away from this book. I'd give it the kind of negative stars the market has given my investments if I could.On the other hand, you can extract what good advice that is here (start saving young, live within your means, etc., all the usual) but weigh it heavily against real world experience and the reality of the stock market and banking cartels. Learn to run the numbers yourself, and to factor in all the relevant data, including the unexpected. If you plan for the worst case scenario, you will always be in good shape, whether the worst happens or not.And if you want to really understand the economy, read David Korten's books, Catherine Austin Fitts' writings, and the book, "The Divine Right Of Capital." Our economic system is NOTHING like we've been taught.
I have read several books on options. This book lacks examples on too many of the advanced options. I think that readers who are new to the subject of options will come away intimidated.
This book is a way to pass time.  Not a very nice way, tho.  Compared to Red Dwarf, this book has nearly all protagonists (Lister, Rimmer,The Cat) acting completely out of character.  The begining was amusing:  you pick up where RD left off, in the Better Than Life game with our &quot;heroes&quot; trapped in a fantasy of their own making.  Then the book runs out of gas.
Todd Harrison came to fame writing "Trader's Diary" for TheStreet.com during the tech bubble, and later opened his own marketainment site Minyanville. My guess is that adds up to about 20,000 blog posts available free. Many of these are intensely personal, so my first question is whether he has any of his personal life left to reveal.In my opinion, the answer is "no." I don't mean that I can trace every story in the book to a specific prior blog post, but then I haven't read all of his blogs. I do mean I found little in here that added to my understanding of what Todd Harrison thinks.That would seem to limit the audience to people who have not yet been overexposed to Todd Harrison, but reading the other reviews, that's clearly not true. He has lots of loyal fans, many of whom found fresh value in this book. So if you are already a fan, you should probably ignore my review in favor of one of the five star ones.If you are not a fan, I think you will likely be disappointed. There is no market advice of any sort in this book, and nothing that would make you trust any market advice he gives. He frequently mentions that he headed a fund that got to $400 million at its peak, and that he made lots of money. Both are true of a lot of lucky fools, as well as a much smaller group of shrewd investors.The trouble is that robs the story of a lot of meaning. His life is not particularly exciting or noteworthy, his thoughts are not particularly deep. The only interest he would have for most people is if he is an extremely insightful and successful investor. Unfortunately, from the account in this book, his investment strategy seems to amount to gossiping and guessing. He talks a lot about how hard he worked, but he doesn't say what he did. We learn more about how he makes salad and lifts weights than how he trades.I also frankly didn't believe his accounts of his disputes with other people. He comes across as too perfect. I might be doing him an injustice, perhaps his every action is guided by honesty and wisdom. But the constant boastful tone of the book doesn't seem to jibe with that. He continually harps on the tragedy of 9/11, it's a bit of a shock when you realize he means the tragedy was the emotional effect on him, not the lives lost. That distrust, in turn, makes me dismiss his advice about love, honesty and simplicity as the pat exhortations of a guy trying to sell something he won't use himself.I'm aware that most of this review is based on a negative personal reaction to the book. Someone else might (and many others obviously did) have the opposite take. If you trust Todd Harrison and think he has deep market insight, and haven't already read all the Todd Harrison you want, you will probably like this book. You will certainly like it a lot more than I did. I'm giving it two stars for being reasonably well-written.
While this book was a study of love, the sexual obsessions of the main character frequently were perverse if not all right criminal.  The plot plods along and ends with a whimper.  I would have rated it even but some the prose was enchanting.
The subject matter is one that if you have gone through the amount of energy leakage and wounds and scars no one would dare laugh about. Yes, there will be moments of humor that comes in at times yet mostly you will be simply trying to recuperate from having been sucked and drained and lied to and deceived and manipulated and betrayed in the worst possible ways.There are honest books about the disordered characters out there, the personalities running rampants of Jekyll and Hyde. Please do yourself a favor, find honest books not those that would tell you it's good at times to meet those personalities because it takes an incredible amount of time, resources and effort to heal yourself after having come off agains those creatures. It takes a winner attitude in order to heal and with this the possibility to become better than we ever thought we could be.It is part of life that we have many experiences so I am not complaining because it is a universal fact that we come off against certain things nonetheless it's not always necessary, become aware and protect yourself, your best defense is awareness and the best cure is prevention for I tell you it's a whole range of suffering on a deeply psychological level that you never thought possible.Kiss them goodbye as soon as they say hi, no frog alert they do not turn into prince, neither did the beast turned into a prince.
As a life-long fan of the young Woody Allen, especially his three early collections of humor pieces, his early films, and his scarce but amazing stand-up comedy, I admit I started reading this book with unrealistically high expectations.  Mediocre expectations would have been disappointed.  The little stories are mostly monotonous and unfunny.  Almost all of his characters sound like a 1930s Manhattan Jewish study guide for the SAT.  Each sentence is an elaborate formulation of the most obscure and pretentious words.  WTH is "chozzerai," "tatellah" and "zaftig?"  I'm about as erudite as a person can be with only two graduate degrees from any Ivy League university--not Cornell or some other safety school, either--and a long lifetime of reading everything from history to science to philosophy to every major and minor work by every novelist and playwright in the Western literary canon.  Yet, half the time I had no clue what his characters were saying.  It's as if Woody hasn't spoken to a single actual human being, and certainly none outside the Upper East Side, in decades and forgot how they talk.  Nobody calls his secretary "cupcake" or his client "boychick" anymore, dude.There are definitely elements of humor in it.  The old Woody sometimes peeks at you from around a corner before jerking his head back and tossing up a cartoonish puppet babbling about the Village Voice and Carnegie Deli.  And a few turns of phrase are inventive and hilarious.  You can imagine that if one--ONE--character were to string together six-syllable words every time he opened his mouth, it's conceivable the zany character could be funny.  When every character talks like that, it quickly drives you homicidal.  Occasionally you will crack a smile; maybe two or three times you will laugh out loud.  But it's not worth the tedium.  O Woody, where art thou?
'Timeline' is a total mess of a novel, from several perspectives.  Firstly its premise of time travel is poorly presented.  Crichton lays out some pseudo-scientific rubbish in a few pages and we are then to accept time travel is not only possible but is being achieved today.  Secondly, the book too quickly plunges into a medieval Indiana Jones-like adventure complete with sword fights, miraculous escapes, and just-in-the-nick-of-time good fortunes.  Capping this all off is prose that drones on endlessly.  There are so many filler words, sentences and *chapters* that I have to believe this book went straight to press without the benefit of having an editor taking a red pen to it.So here we have a story about a bunch of scientists heading back to 14th century France to retrieve a colleague.  Add 300+ pages of fluffy 'adventure' and ... presto!  You have 'Timeline'.Bottom line: if it weren't for Crichton's reputation this book would be turned down by every publisher.  It's THAT bad.
If you are looking for a book on Java and UML or a book that is about UML and uses Java examples; This IS NOT THE right book. The authors give you their way of patterns or archetypes that they call it. If you already know  UML and what to see if there is other techniques or ways of extending UML  this is the right book for you. Another thins about the colors, The idea is  new but not a very good one. Often you tend to print you diagrams and show  to other people. If you depend on their way of modeling you'll have to get  a color printer and since there are text in the  colored areas you'll need  an expensive printer.
Alas, while fascinating to understand the perspective of a child with special needs, it's just not entertaining.  Read this to be edified, and to be grateful to be who you are and capable of all you can do ... but do not read this book for entertainment.
For those looking for a concise guide to map and compass use, look elsewhere. This book is rambling and wordy.
Rice crosses the border that separates enduring saga from unnecessary fluff.  The prior novels in the Vampire Chronicles featured characters and events which keep you reading.  Lestat and the others never stopped entertaining the reader, however much they dwelled upon the details of scenery, clothing and their interactions with the other characters.That's not the case with this book.Armand is simply a lesser, unimportant character whose own personal history lends very little to the overall storyline.  Armand just isn't very interesting.  Where Lestat's stories kept moving, Armand's tale flounders in too many descriptions of his own clothing, his wallowing in self-pity, his lack of real impact on the plotline.  About halfway through the book I found myself grumbling about Armand's incessant &quot;weeping&quot; and bemoaning of his past.  Where the books featuring Lestat always balanced character, detail and storyline, The Vampire Armand features a primary character who comes across as uninteresting, cowardly and clothing-obsessed.  The book simply rides on the coattails of the previous, more interesting novels in the series.Rice has written far better than this and readers can skip this installment without missing much.
Nah, don't bother.  I mean, if you've never ever read any kind of office politics or career self-help or leadership books before, some of these phrases might open up your eyes to a different way of dealing with situations that come up at work.  Overall though, I found the phrases a little too slow and obvious, and I don't think you'd want to repeat them verbatim in most situations.I was a little surprised at the sections on sexual harassment and the like - they sort of changed the nature of the book, and were pretty much geared toward women.  I expected the book to be more about navigating dangerous political waters at a higher level, but found the book to focus too much on HR-type issues that might be more applicable to less senior office workers.If the subject of this book or its title appeals to you, I'd recommend checking outSecrets to Winning at Office Politics: How to Achieve Your Goals and Increase Your Influence at WorkandChange Your Questions, Change Your Life: 10 Powerful Tools for Life and Work (BK Life (Paperback)).  "Perfect Phrases" or any of these corporate stooge self-help books might (and should) make you vomit a little when you read them, and so do my recommendations, but if you're going to work in an office anyway, this is good stuff to know if you want to get anywhere.
While The Last is an interesting and satisfying read in how the end of Narnia and the arrival of most of the major characters in Aslan's country is portrayed,this book has shown a great flaw upon rereadings. We know that Susan is excluded from Aslan's country and is left alive on earth. Some have interpreted her fate as the result of her losing faith in Narnia and others have interpreted her fate as that she was excluded from Aslan's country because she discovered sex/sexuality. Either of those reasons are fair reasons for her exclusion. But here's the problem: the reader is not given any depiction of how she reacted on earth when she learned her parents and siblings had died nor of what her life was like after that. This book is portrayed as having a very happy ending because of Peter,Edmund,Lucy,Polly,Digoory,Jill and Eustace getting to be with Aslan in his own country forever. Yet Susan is just blown off as "No longer a friend of Narnia." and no thought or attention is given to the fact that we now have a teenage girl who has lsot both of her parents and all 3 of her siblings at the same time. As they say,death is toughest on the people the dead leave behind. Yet this book trivializes death by giving Susan no shift at all and showing no depiction of what she was like when she learned her parents and siblings had died and what her life was like after that. While the story itself is very good and would rank 4 out of 5 stars by itself,I deduct 2 stars from this novel for trivializing death and the effects it has on those left behind. 2 out of 5 stars.
The Rules of Work is a cynical, manipulative manual for self-obsessed, ambitious career climbers.  Many of the rules mentioned in this book consist of nothing more than advising the opportunistic guy or gal to give the appearance of doing a good job and "fitting in".  The book made me a little ill to consider that apparently, doing very shallow things for the wrong reasons can pay off so handsomely in career advancement.To be fair to the author, most of his advice is actually common sense, and quite ethically defensible and down-right old-fashioned and moral, such as "never lie".  It was kind of refreshing to read some of the rules which stress that you should never lie, cheat, or back-stab your way to the top.  Still, I was left a little underwhelmed by the intent and execution of the book.  It seems to me that the author could have included his Rules of Work in a magazine article, thus saving everybody the price of the complete book.  However, if you are a career climber, you may be able to glean some good advice on how to get ahead from this book.  Just don't step on me on your way to the top, okay?
The "shocking" revelations, assertions, and hypothesis are somewhat intriguing, but take way too long to be explained and presented in the novel.I understand that it takes extensive rhetoric and evidence in order to justify the resulting hypothesis, but there is a ton of filler in this novel that just is not interesting at all.I'm sure it's more fashionable to champion this work over more accessible stories, such as The Da Vinci Code, but I read for pleasure first, insight second. Plowing through this novel was not a labor of love.
My daughter picked up this book because it looked similar to Island of the Blue Dolphins. Parents beware that this book contains an incident of r*p* on page 102.
I have reached the realization, pertaining to the oft-repeated decision-making process of the universal constant and constabulary, that humanity shan't be made approachable by any meaningful and straightforward means, making it pertinent, indeed inevitable, to communicate mentally what truths may be deemed appropriate by a process known as Honkatonkabuffagrabba, and thereby increase the mentational potential, perchance giving rise to something akin to a less conditioned existence in the foreseeable time-sequence known as "future perfect" of this race of thinking meat beings.My dear Saddam Hussein, I have visisted this world seven times, and the first time I encountered a wise being named Kundaleenee Lantoo, who was sent to this system by a renegade named Pasha Ashta Astichka, and also his servant, Mr. Bon-Bon. They invented the process known as Honkatonkabuffagrabba, and clearing it with His Universal Eminency, got a blank cheque to investigate its manifold possibilities in the system Meherbabababushkakatebushka, under the influence of a certain organ, the name of which is impossible to pronounce for thinking meat beings.I also visited Paris in France, my dear Adso. There I made the stunning and perforce highly awkward discovery, related to the mentational processes as previously described by Kundaleenee Lanto and Pasha, that most Frenchmen are more interested in their girlfriends and cheap sleezy erotic arousal through Rococo interiors, than the higher truths preached by His Universal Eminency. This is due to a fourth-wayed, whirling process known as Hamasjihadajumhuryiababa, and in consequence thereof, the thinking meat beings have forgot their true processual thinking, forcing me to come the most unpalatable conclusion, that the great commission of the good lord Amatoconda Cantahiria must thereby be relocated to the planet Willywonka, thereby easing the transition for the great plurality, indeed majority, of these conditioned thinking meat beings, under the sway of the Honkatonkabuffagrabba.Got it?:P
I'm not sure why I finished this book. I guess I kept waiting for it to "save itself" and it didn't.1. The basic premise is flawed. I just don't buy the fact that a 5 year old girl could hide all the papers from her dead mother from her adopted family. Sorry.2. I didn't see the appeal of the church. Why was he drawn to it except for this "forgiveness" business which wasn't adequately explained.3. Ian decides to raise these kids just because the minister says so. His parents just take them in. Just not buying it.4. Ian even finds the grandmother. He's talking to her and she knows who he is and she doesn't ask about meeting her own grandkids? She's not even curious to see them or ask about them?? I just can't imagine it.5. I really objected to the way she talked about "the foreigners". She made them all sound like idiots. It wasn't even clear what university they were going to. The English errors they made weren't even realistic. This could have been an amusing part of the story, sure some English errors are funny but with a bit of realism and respect. They were just labelled "Middle Eastern" and then painted as simpletons. Is this how the author sees "Middle Easterners".6. None of the characters had any depth. I didn't feel I knew any of them or what made them tick. The sister Claudia is just a baby machine. Daphne is a flake. Lucy is a man-hunter. Ian is very Christian. Bea is the housekeeper. Doug is the retired Dad. The young Doug is a sucker. Agatha is the Studious Serious One. Each character is a sterotype.The author has a very dry style of writing which she goes into inante detail on everyday things. I'm sure some people find this somehow attractive but it kind of got on my nerves. She would have gotten away with it if she had had a good story to tell but she didn't.
I have an extensive math background and found this book tough to read. Not because the math described is particularly complicated (it is most definitely not...high school algebra is sufficient), but because Ross' writing style is too verbose. 99% of readers should know the meaning of "average," yet Ross devotes a lot of text to explaining this concept. I'm not sure who his audience is. Math-savvy people may feel that concepts have been dumbed-down and over explained, but math-phobic people may be scared off by the use of formulas...and the majority of times they aren't really needed anway.
I wanted to like this book. But I hated it.First, the writing. If you don't mind 20-year-old war stories, assiduous name-dropping, and a pedantic, freshman-comp style (say the concept, tell a long story to pad the ol' word count, move to next point) ... well, you should be fine.Second, it's really a philosophy book with no application. The philosophy is why I bought it, because I *did* want to learn more about the idea that exercise should involve being aware of one's body, one's surroundings, etc. But it is way too heavy on that. What I mean is, it's really deep and squishy &#8212; like a bog &#8212; on the idea side, with very little of how to actually do it. Although I should mention there's TONS of stories about this guy running with someone here, running with someone there, etc.The guy apparently got his big break when Tony Robbins plucked him out of obscurity and put him up on the stage with him. It is frankly not terribly hard to get rich and famous when you're traveling with Tony Robbins ... even if it was 20 years ago.
These four stories are well written but their is absolutely no flow between the four stories. If this was submitted as four short stories I think that it would be easier to swallow. The first three stories interconnect but then you are left hanging as to whatever happens to the newborn colt. The fourth story doesn't really fit as a final chapter either. In the end I would have to say that this is a sorry waste of time to read for entertainment.
Ram Charan's Leadership in an Era of Economic Uncertainty (LEEU) is a playbook for senior executives to get back to the basics in these tough economic times.  Charan is the first author to take a serious look at what running a company will be like under the assumption that the economy will not recover in the short run, but rather what you will need to be effective over the next two to three years.In this regard, it is an excellent book with clear guidance, well written and focused on the basics.  It's a 125-page primer for executives to remind them what it means to manage in tough times.  Based on that strength it's a five star review - but there are some serious omissions that limit the completeness of the playbook - hence the missing pages in operations and IT.THE MAJOR WEAKNESS IS that this book treats leadership as financial leadership paying ALMOST NO ATTENTION TO LEADING OPERATIONALLY or the the changes necessary to acheive and extend operational and cash performance.  That is the reason for the two stars, as its a good book on the financial dimension, but just following that financial advice may lead companies into strategic and operational dead ends.CEO's and CFO's will like this book.  Other executives, particularly COO's, BU leaders and CIOs should read the book and supplement it with their operational plans to achieve and sustain operational improvements - the big gap in this book.Charan gives clear advice that is free from pontification or opinion.  You get the feeling that you are sitting across the table from an executive that is giving you clear guidance and a tough message that you need to pay attention to.  Couple this book with Kotter's "A Sense of Urgency" to know how to manage the change all companies face.However, there are two major weaknesses in the book.First is the lack of discussion regarding the use of information, technology and communications to drive operational performance.  This is surprising given that many of the recommendations in the book require technology to execute them properly.  In fact the collaboration, performance reporting, supplier coordination, customer intelligence are more expensive and less powerful if they are not supported by effective information and technology.  Charan's excellent discussion in other areas and the four paragraphs he dedicates to IT give executives the impression that they can get by without good information or effective IT.  Leading companies know that this is not possible and while IT cannot be a cash or capital black hole, effective enterprises have effective IT.Second, reading between the lines you get the sense that Charan sees leadership in this environment in terms of the CEO/CFO and everyone else.  The treatment of the other executives and the employees in the book puts the CEO and CFO against everyone else.  This is subtle but clear throughout the book.  The bias is expressed in terms of the number of pages dedicated to each role CEO/CFO get 20 while 8 for each other role.  Only the CFO gets a section that describes their role to the CEO.  Every other role is described in terms of a focus on finances, cash and cutting costs with little treatment of operations.  Now the CEO and CFO are important roles, but they are not the only ones required to get results. The omission of IT and the Charan's light treatment of operational considerations are unfortunate from the co-author of Execution.Overall it's still a good book to read, but it's not a complete playbook.  Here are a review of the overall strengths, challenges and each of the role/chapter discussions.Strengths:Concentrating on the importance of cash flow and cash generation.  This is the first third of the book and Charan puts the issues of cash clearly on the table.Recognizing that the post uncertainty world will be different than the world we knew and the world we are managing through.Recognizing that the company is a system and that managing it for one dimension, even cash, can have unintended consequences.Strong advice on how CEOs should lead in this environment and their need for getting their "hands on, heads in" the business.ChallengesThe book is a neo-classical view on management with little to no consideration of how to use information, technology or communications to restructure the company and better match resources to revenues.  The advice in LEEU was applicable back in the 1950's as much as it is today, despite the fact that technology and the economy have changed.The focus is on finance more than on the operations that drive finance.  In my experience operational data is a leading indicator of what is happening, and Charan recognizes this, yet his focus is on managing from a finance perspective, which is a lagging indicator of what has happened.The lack of serious consideration given to information and information technology, particularly given the need to make companies more flexible, respond to changes in the market.The driving concern on cost to the point that Charan's advice on how to deal with a tough economy can become a self fulfilling prophesy.  From page 42, "The objective is to cut costs before revenues decline and to get ahead of the curve.  Timing and speed matter."  Such a management philosophy was part of the recipe for the Great Depression.  Few people have cut their way to greatness, and there could be more on the customer service, growth and other issues discussed in the book.ROLE/CHAPTER REVIEWThe book is organized into sections based on each of the major roles played on the executive team.  This is a unique way of looking at the issues and I would recommend reading all the roles. This "you" frequently used in the text refers to you as CEO, CFO, BU executive among others.  The sections and highlights include:Corporate Crisis - how DuPont recognized and reacted to the economyThe Challenge of Managing in a Toxic Environment - the best 20 pages on what to do in this environment including the six essential leadership traits for hard times:-  Honesty and Credibility-  The ability to inspire-  Real-time connection with reality-  Realism tempered with optimism-  Managing with intensity-  Boldness in building for the futureAt the Helm - the CEO - concentrates on the need for CEOs to become more engaged in the company, the fact that you are leading in an environment of uncertainly and volatility, the need to face up to that and the fact that the future will not be an extension of the past.  Charan points out that understanding operational data is more important and critical than getting the financials.  The tool for CEOs is the "cash breakeven point" which has changed for every company.On the Front Lines - Sales and Marketing - concentrates on the need to maintain a focus on generating revenues and the fact that those revenues will be harder to come by in the future.  Charan reminds us that there is a need to keep the sales force motivated, engaged and with the customer so we can all understand what is going on.  The tool for Sales and Marketing professionals is constant communication with the field and Marketing ROI.Mind over Money - the CFO - this section concentrates on issues of cash, cost and the CFO's role in leading in these areas.  While frequent budgeting and cash flow analysis are the CFO's tools, Charan positions the CFO as the advisor of last resort to the CEO.  I think that this is unfortunate as it basically says that all decisions are finance driven and it sets the operational executives who deliver the results in a pejorative position.  Particularly the COO and the CIO who are often the executives in the best position to effect and sustain operational change.Making it all work - Operations recognizes that operations is at the heart of the company.  The tool is restructuring operations to cut capacity to meet demand.  Here on page 78 Charan points out that the enterprise is a system and cuts in some areas can create havoc in others.  It would have been nice for him to provide similar advice to the CFO.Refocusing Innovation - Research and Development is a variation on the theme of resource reduction, concentrating on the choices that will pay off and support the enterprise.  Their tools?  Zero based budgeting for R&D; projects and an active "end of life" focus on R&D; projects.  Charan points to the use of offshore resources as a way of cutting R&D; expense but maintaining R&D; capacity.Tying it all together - the supply chain recognizes the importance of these operational processes to cash flow.  Here the tool is synchronizing activities across the supply chain, a good thing.  A better thing would have been a discussion of how you reduce the unit of work within the supply chain (from say a truck of product to a case) to improve its flexibility and responsiveness.Supporting the team - the staff functions has some good material and some real gaps.  The normal coverage of HR, Legal, IR and IT are contained in here.  This is disappointing as this treatment does not reflect the role of IT in the core of operations - a real gap as leaders are using information in new ways to preserve cash.  I am particularly taken a back by Charan's binary description of leaders versus individual contributors (page 104) as it seems in this world you are either one or the other.  BTW individuals are to be pushed out of the company as they do not have `specific budgets supporting them" This is unfortunate in that individuals doing their jobs well drive the changes in operations, not the managers who oversee the work.  This is a surprising gap in the book.The view from the top - the board of directors exercise their responsibility for the shareholders through a combination of strong oversight, realistic goal setting, and risk management.
Sorry, not my type of book at all.  This book was only the 2nd book I had downloaded on my new Kindle and it was free.
I got stuck at Brussels airport on Wednesday night, and due to insomnia on previous nights, I'd read everything I had taken with me. The bookstore had a truly dire selection and this appeared to be the least worst of a bad bunch.It started reasonably, and I had nothing better to do so momentum took me through the first 300 pages or so, unfortunately, the interesting bits (which had to do with the "puzzles" - more later) became more and more infrequent and the boring nonsense about the "characters" and the dreary details of infantile pastimes at US colleges became more frequent.I began to think that I was reading two separate books whose manuscripts had turned up at the publishers at the same time and accidentally been mixed up in the post room. By coincidence, the books had a few of the same character names (or else a good editor had fixed them), but other than that they had just enough in common to allow a messy concatenation.One of these books, the "puzzle" book, is about 40 pages long and  contains a series of puzzles which the author has not bothered to work out in detail (just how would you get a Latin word from a collection of Roman, Greek, hieroglyphic and so on, indeed why would an author with a command of these limit his words to those of a single language?), and besides there is absolutely no way that the reader could deduce the solution to the puzzles, they are simply revealed.Surely it is of the essence of a puzzle mystery that the clues are there and the reader can, if alert enough, at least get somewhere near the answer (even the dreadful Dan Brown understands this, though his puzzles tend to be of the 'put very obvious key' in 'illuminated with flashing lights lock' type). It is as if a novel began with an undergraduate discovering an algorithm for finding prime numbers and factorisation, didn't tell anyone about it but used it to decrypt intercepted emails. The dull and mundane (decryption of emails) is far less interesting or surprising than the device which made it possible - an abiding mathematical problem. The puzzle book in 'The Rule of Four' fails completely in this respect.The other book (about 480 pages long) is a truly turgid thing and would not have been published if it had been submitted alone. It is an extremely uninteresting account of some dull students at a dull college where there appears to be a fetish for pseudo-traditions. However, buying plaster copies of the gargoyles on Notre Dame and gluing them onto a mobile home does not make an historically interesting building, and so neither does reading about a few relics of ancient European universities and making up (for no good reason) a few "secret society" rituals make for anything worthy of more than derision.However, the pointless additions to this mobile home of a novel (the Princeton one) don't finish there. For example, the narrator (whose voice floats in and out in a rather odd way as if the author could not sustain the first person viewpoint) has got a smashed up leg and limps, he also goes running in the morning, well that's not impossible, but probably warrants a bit of an explanation. Indeed this leg, which seems to be a key part of the plot, actually is an irrelevance, a piece of padding which is neither relevant nor a genuine red herring put there to confuse. It's just pointless.Like the girlfriend, like the ball, like the man who is shot, like ... well just about everything really. From a plot which seemed to have momentum in the first few chapters (not much, I'll admit, but some) the last 150 are like swimming in quicksand.The term `lacuna' springs to mind here, but it doesn't really do justice to the sheer pointlessness of most of the content of the book. If something is introduced, even for the purposes of misdirection, then it should have some relevance. None of these things do.In summary, one of the authors may have the beginnings of a talent, the other should stick to flipping burgers. A good editor, a perusal of a few of Conan Doyle's works (even the short ones) or even some of Agatha Christie's would perhaps be a good start.
Bret Easton Ellis belongs to a mediocre breed that includes Dennis Cooper, AM Homes, and Jay McInerney who writes in order to shock, perhaps to hide his stylistic limitations.  Less Than Zero, for example, is just two hundred pages of ramblings by a preppy druggie, interspersed with the usual snuff film encounters and gay sex.  Fans of Ellis can counter by praising the &quot;realistic&quot; writing, but pick any homeless man on the street and he could write better.  This book has no soul, and pity those people who compare the protagonist to Holden Caulfield.  They might as well be spitting in Salinger's face.
First, this book is constructed in a unique and interesting manner that moves the plot along quickly. If you *have* to read it, as I did for a book club, you won't have any trouble turning the pages. However, if you're looking for a redeemable character to relate to, you probably won't find it. I think Dubus meant to make the main characters more sympathetic by giving each of them a voice in the novel, but it backfires. I didn't care how the problems resolved at the end - the characters' selfishness and intolerance had just exhausted me by that point.
I  would swear the following is true: I bought the book and loved it at first. Then after reading it I sent the author over 10k to learn his "Trade for Life" course which promised to train me and back me with his money for life or until I was a pro. The company then called Velez Capital Management or VCM went out of business with no warning 6 months later never taking my calls but keeping my cash. And he claimed he had no idea how all the money in the company account "was misappropriated" without his knowledge! (Sure...OK)IMHO... How good of a trader can he be in real life for real bucks if he has to resort to scams that could land him in prison if he really was profitable? Now...watch his cronies come out of the woodwork and bash me. Can they explain all the complaints on the Internet about Oliver Velez. Hey, maybe he gave all the thousands of people who lost their money their cash back and just reamed me, right? Give me a break. I was the sucker and he was the master...just not in trading!!! This book makes it look so convincing that if you only trade when price is above certain moving averages you are always with the big money. Why do I not know any traders who either bought this book or used his training services that made a dime ...."after" a FULL year? I met in person many, many of his traders at his 10k seminars where he shares his "secrets" and not one could tell me they could trade for a living and almost no one was profitable. I'm talking over 100 traders in person and hundreds in his chat rooms! I was a sucker and he was the master...just not a master trader. And I also admit I never made a dime for even a week studying his book hours a day for 2-3 years. And I had many years experience as a swing trader before  even buying this book. Save your money. He makes it sound as if sheer determination and passion will see you thru in the end. Not!
This book was a textbook for an ethics class I am currently taking.  I read the book before class started, and at first I was pleased with it.  But then about 40-60 pages into it, I got into the extremely biased portion that I had not seen to that point.  Consider a statement like this: "...if we look at other things the Bible says, it does not appear to be a reliable guide to morality."  The author then goes on to cite several verses, each of which is used to prove the previous statement.  What the author fails to realize is that we as Christians are under the New Covenant.  Each of these verses is from the Old Testament, before Jesus died on the Cross for our sins.  If the author had taken the time to look at the New Testament, he would have discovered that his argument is completely faulty.  Likewise, he uses a similar argument to suggest that the Bible condones abortion.  He cites 3 verses, all of which again are from the Old Testament.  The first is a faulty argument because it was dealing with Judah and Tamar.  Judah called for Tamar's execution until he found out she was his daughter-in-law.  Then he said, "She was more righteous than me," and Tamar was not executed because Judah was at fault, not Tamar.  The second reference is also faulty: it was dealing only with priests daughters, and not the daughters of all the Israelites.  The priests were holy just as God was holy, and therefore there could be no sexual immorality among the priest's family.  The third is in reference to all Israelites - however, let us not forget that God held the Israelites to a higher standard than the rest of his people.  Why?  They are his Chosen, and therefore ought to be set apart.  As such, consistently, the statement made at the end of each section of the giving of the law is that the evil must be driven out of Israelite society.  There are a great many more logical errors also in this book, too numerous to count, and, for the most part, revolving around supposed Scriptural fallacies.  The author consistently fails to recognize that he is taking the Scriptures out of context.  Money is regarded as evil in the New Testament, according to him.  But if he had read the Scripture, he would have realized that Jesus did not say money was evil, but that the love of money was evil.  God is quite practical; He most certainly realizes without currency, society will fall apart.  The author consistently makes illogical conclusions (especially about Scripture or Christianity), and uses these illogical conclusions to disprove Christianity.To the book's credit, the author does an excellent job refuting relativism; namely, subjectivism.  He also describes Kantian ethics and Utilitarianism quite well, providing both the reasons people are drawn to each philosophy and the logical fallacies of the philosophy.  I wish the author had been as thorough with his research on Christianity and Judaism as he had been on relativism, Kantian ethics and Utilitarianism.
I disliked everything about this book.  The author is capable of writing, but the plot was ridiculous.  I regret ordering it, and couldn't finish reading it.
I'm so sorry to disagree with many of these reviews.  If in fact they indeed see life through the eyes of the degenerate protagonist the world is a lot worse, and my fellow humans are more lost than even I, the cynical misanthrope,  have realized. This book reads like a vulgar Catcher in the Rye without the redeeming value of learning about alienated adolescents. The book is about young adults in their formative years, presumabley intelligent but preoccupied with the hedonistic degeneracy of criminal underclass.  Even their attempts at insight are truncated sojourns into pseudointellectualism and presumption.  Hemingway,to be sure,Farina is not. His untimely death by motorcycle (and probably drugs)was a merciful act of God, both for him and the reading world. Take a tape recorder to a detox center or better yet, some skid row flop house and ask the schizoids, dopers and alcoholics to make pontifical statements about the world and their fellow man. Then ask them to review the weak minded and equally marginalized miscreants  they have exploited in the last 5 years.  That, my poor reader, is essentially the message of this piece of trash.  Not uncommon among the addictively and chemically raped the characters and particularly the protagonist, actually see themselves as talented.  From that point of view I suppose it would be a good case study in the delusions of addiction, to be read by medical  residents in psychiatry and addiction medicine. After you read this you will want your money back and feel a compelling need to take a bath.
As a future Presidential historian, reading this book reminded me of his Presidency, a lot of promise, but no clear direction and a letdown. There were too many irrelevant asides and too much attention to vindicating himself for the various problems and scandals that occurred during his Presidency. None of his failures were his own fault but were the fault of others, which is characteristic of a narcissist, which I am sure Clinton can be described as. As a future Presidential historian, this offers little to study about the Clinton Presidency.  However, this book is just like the man himself, either you love it or hate it, and it all does come down to your politics.  If you are a Republican, you will hate it because everything that went wrong in the nation and all of Clinton's problems were a result of the Republicans.  If you are a Democrat, you will love it for the same reason.  I do wish that Clinton would have been more ingenuous with his book and give historians more fodder to decide where on the pantheon of presidents he truly belongs.
I agree with those reviewers that say the book is delightful; the patterns are classic; and many designs are creative (booties). The one thing that has driven me nuts with this book is how poorly the instructions are given. I have struggled with the Embroidered Baby Shoes on pg. 116 (adorable!)and can't seem to make the pattern work as it is written. I took it to my local yarn shop and 3 very experienced knitters attempted to desipher the intructions with no success. Instead of beautiful photographs that sell the book, the knitter would be better served with more detailed instructions and drawings.
Not as good as other books by this author. I was not impressed by this book. I have about 5 or 6 other books by Joseph Murphy and I really enjoy reading and re-reading the other books. Gave this one away to a book drive.
I had heard Dorothy Parker was a creative wit, but I found this bio to be about 200 pages too long, with little evidence of her writing.  As Dorothy would say, "What Fresh Hell is This?!"  As for Dorothy - didn't see much in the way of her 'talent', but as a person, she was a very negative, mean-spirited, self-absorbed, promiscuous drunk who sponged off anyone she could her entire life. What a pathetic existance.  And poor Alan Campbell who was her devoted husband.  It's a wonder all her excesses didn't do her in before her 77 years.  I have 150 MORE pages to slug through.  I will finish it but prefer to read about people who make positive contributions to humanity, not suck dry what they can from others.
I received myKindle 3G Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G + Wi-Fi, 3G Works Globally, Graphite, 6" Display with New E Ink Pearl Technologyaround December 22nd.  I had been downloading a few classics, and rebuilding a library of Sherlock Holmes.I had actually purchased a copy of The Return of Sherlock Holmes - which apparently is not free.  The formatting was HORRENDOUS.  I downloaded a few samples,  and exchanged for a better interactive table of Contents.  Even for only .99 cents (I'm willing to pay a little for well formatted public domain books), I want to be able to enjoy the transcripts.I have since learned the value of downloading samples where available.  It saves you money, and/or reading free non-classics that you might not like.  By The way, I usually test everything (including samples), on my Kindle for PC - then order for the Kindle FROM the PC - just a personal preference.Now - to the Book at hand.  I wanted a copy of Hound of the Baskervilles, and read these reviews in earnest.  I downloaded this Free Book, and I downloaded one sample which cost $1.  I compared the text, and indeed - Chapter 2 is desperately wanting in this free version.  I verified the missing text in the sample, but noticed the Table of Contents was non-existent.  So - I downloaded a .99 version just a few minutes ago.I HIGHLY recommendThe Hound of the Baskervilles (Sherlock Holmes Vol. 5).  Nice table of contents, and the text matches the $1 version.  I will be purchasing the .99 copy (however, I don't review until I have completed a book), and deleting this FREE copy from the Archives. (Note, I have already used up my monthly book allowance - however, I make exception for this book - since re reading the samples has reminded me of the joy for the Holmes collection).I am not sure of the print quality from Project Gutenberg.  You may be able to convert from there, but I believe that this Free Book is an example of what may happen.  Note, I have NO connection to the suggested book - and I HIGHLY recommend you download your own samples (including collective works), to make up your own mind.But thanks to the prior reviews, I am offering my own experience as a Solution to the Missing Text.
Oh man, what a great premise for a slam bang story! So where does thisthing go wrong?Better yet, where does this book not go wrong? Timeline is a ramblingincoherent mess, the plot screams of outrageous contrivances, tangentialunresolved subplots, and some pretty lame  Flash Gordonesque cliffhangersI've seen this side of Who Shot JR!Hard to believe Crichton lent his name to this drivel. You've been warned.
Good points but smarmy, insulting, and terribly stretched to make a book.  Borrow someone else's copy and read it.  You can read it standing up &lt;smile&gt;.
This probably is the most popular book on the subject for undergraduates. I now believe it is the most popular, not because it is the best, but probably because it is the only book, that is extensive enough to cater to the requirements of a variety of courses, offered around the globe to undergraduates in Electrodynamics.However, the treatment isnt too good. At a number of places, the author ends up making things looking much more difficult and confusing than they actually are. And at atleast one point, he even says that he expects the student to go through the passage a number of times, before he/she understands it. I find that outrageous. If he knew it was hard to understand, couldnt he put it in a simpler way, rather than asking the student to go through it again and again.Coming to the exercises, they are hard, particularly the ones at the end of the chapter. And, to add to the students problems, the author doesnt even provide the answers (or hints) to most of them.Dont waste your money. This book isnt worth it.
A great premise gone wrong!  A guy has "fits" that cause him to suddenly leap in time, dropping him naked and helpless into awkward situations...this should have been a very good book.  Unfortunately, Niffenegger simply isn't a good enough writer to pull it off.  Too many crude details give it a pulp fiction tone, and the uneven pacing and rough prose are equally offputting. The characters not worth caring about.  Too many details are left unexplained.  I hated it.  Oddly, my husband picked it up and loved it.  Found it to be a touching love story.  Go figure (the man likes Bruce Willis movies, too).If you want a time travel story, go read Connie Willis -- particularly To Say Nothing of the Dog.  Now there is a woman who can write!
It would be a five star book if it weren't insufferable to read; the writing is absolutely horrible.  It's so bad at influencing the reader that it makes those hypnotic glasses advertised in the backs of comic books seem like a viable option.  Yet the material on which the book is based is so good that if the authors could actually write they would have a classic.As one Harvard professor (the course was History of Science) told me before assigning a stack of excellent books on such subjects as the making of the atom bomb and Watson and Crick's discovery of the structure of DNA, science writing can actually be a good read, and sometimes a great read.  I would revise that to say that any book, on any subject, should be a good read given the current surplus of professional writers, whether a dollar novel picked up at the grocery store checkout or a white paper on the use of government rubber stamps. There's just no excuse for a book to be published (for sale) which is so badly written as this one.Easily the worst written book I've ever picked up on any subject.  It's full of useful information that will improve your ability to lead, maybe even give you the upper-hand in yearly Thanksgiving Day family arguments, but I was constantly thinking about how many more pages I would have to suffer through to get that valuable information out of it, and in the end I have to say it really wasn't worth it trudging through to the end.The book is like one long infomercial--as if it's a book written to convince you to buy another book, and it's rather obvious that was the goal here. The writing is freakish and renders the information useless.So I have a book assignment for the authors: Silent Spring by Rachel Carson.  Read that, then read your own book again--if you can survive it--and figure out why Silent Spring is a classic while your life-changing research will be found on the clearance shelf at Buck-a-Book a year from now after it skyrockets, pops, and fizzles on the New York Times bestseller list.In terms of the social science presented, the material is here for a five star book, but the authors need to follow their own advice by finding a good storyteller amongst them or adding one more name to the list.BOTTOM LINE: There are better books out there presenting the same research, and the authors actually point out their source for a good read--Dr. Albert Bandura of Stanford University.  They even say they found his books on the shelves of most of the people they studied to write this book.So instead of suffering through this particular book, why not read Dr. Bandura's books instead such asPrinciples of Behaviour ModificationorAdolescent aggression;: A study of the influence of child-training practices and family interrelationships, (A Psychology series)available here, on Amazon.If you really want to torture yourself with a book, I suggest Ullyses by James Joyce.
I wouldn't say a word against this novel, which has deservedly never gone out of print; but these new illustrations -- a stylistic hodgepodge of modern and period, finished and sketchy -- give amateurishness a bad name. Granted, I'm a bit of a Jerome K. Jerome devotee, with half a shelf of his books, including various editions of "Three Men in a Boat" and its sequels. (Aside from "Three Men," by the way, I'd especially recommend the Christmas-ghost-story spoofs of "Told After Supper," as well as -- if you can find a copy -- the 1935 film version of "The Passing of the Third Floor Back.") When it comes to illustrating a Victorian classic like "Three Men," you'd naturally want your illustrations to convey some of the novel's old-fashioned charm, and ideally its humor. But the illustrations unaccountably chosen for this recent edition are instead crude, cartoonish, often printed "vertically" (i.e., forcing you to turn the book sideways), and even sort of heavy and overlarge -- a case of not only off-putting illustration but ugly design. What was Vintage thinking of?
Grisham leaves fan wanting more from the Painted House.  Have way through the book, he lost me.  The characters tend to just fall off without any follow-up.  I was very disappointed.
With so many marriages ending poorly, I thought that it might be a good idea for my fianc&eacute; and I to really get down to brass tacks and have open and honest discussions before our upcoming wedding. However, we are already spending so much money on our wedding that there isn't much left for us to spend on counseling. Plus we have been pretty happy and compatible over the past 4 years. So I thought this book might be a good alternative.The book brings up a variety of topics, however most of them are things I think people should have already discussed. Plus if you have lived with someone, you have covered a good third of the questions that this book raises. I just felt like most of the questions were for people who really haven&#8217;t spent much time with one another or who have been hiding a lot from their significant other.
I was recommended this book as "a motivating book, a great read we should recommend to customers and use ourselves" in a company yearly meeting. So I borrowed my boss's copy out of curiosity. I read it in two days and returned it to her then.The book talks about looking for signs that tell you when your "cheese" is not as good as it used to be, and be ready to look for it somewhere else, instead of getting stuck with your loss. In a word, it tells you "what" you should do. You have to define what the "cheese" is for you.The problem is it doesn't tell you "how" you should do it, and that's way beyond its scope. It oversimplifies everything. And what should you do when people regret changes in a company? Tell them to read this book that compares them to mice?I am convinced a better book about how to deal with change is "Managing Transitions" by William Bridges, which (even though it is not perfect) offers a framework for dealing with change, including taking people feelings and loses into account, as well as your own. But back to the cheesy book.In summary, "Who moved my cheese?" is a kid's tale. It's the kind of fable you tell kids to explain why things must change. And when commenting about this with the HR head of the company I work for, he said: "The thing is, you have to talk to most people as if they were children".I hope his comment is not really that accurate.
I think that Pantley's advice has a major flaw. When she outlines her steps to getting a child to sleep, she says that if the child won't fall asleep using her strategy and you are getting frustrated, just to go back to what you were doing before. By doing this you are only teaching your child that all they need to do is cry and get picked up and put down for a long time and eventually you will do what you have always done to get them to sleep (which wasn't working for you if you are trying this new method). Of course you don't want your child to cry himself to sleep, but you also don't want to cry yourself to sleep either. Your baby needs a well-rested and sane mother most of all. Whatever method you use to get your child to sleep, you must be consistent and this book does not embrace that and encourages you to backtrack.
Jane White knows her stuff pretty well.  Many of her ideas are good.  Her advice is sometimes sound.  But, she most often engages in a polemic political vision that distracts from her personal financial management advice.  In a sense, she combined two different books into one and did not write either of them that effectively.  One may argue that the title and the illustration on the cover warned the reader that she was going to attempt that stunt.  I just think it was a very difficult one to pull off.  And, I don't think she did.  In the end, the political polemic stuffed with most unrealistic political suggestions really distracts from the personal financial advice and vice versa.Among the good advice, she states that to fund your retirement you need to save more in your 401K than you think.  She suggests saving 9% of salary if you are just starting out in your twenties (factoring the company match) and more if you start later.  She also recommends you reduce your credit card debt, avoid ARMs if you can, don't be overly leveraged, be thrifty, buy a used car instead of leasing a new one, etc...  This is all good advice.However, sometimes her advice is too simple.  When dealing with home-ownership she recommends you move to an area that has reasonably priced housing and yet vibrant local economy.  You have to realize this is actually a paradox.  Home prices typically directly reflect the local economy because that is what drives home prices.  Yet, White has uncovered a short-term inefficiency in the housing market and recommends you move to either Portland, Denver, or Austin among others.  Watch out that by the time you decide to go there, home prices in those cities will have already become less than affordable.  That's a predictable outcome if their local economies remain relatively strong vs other places.  Also, a minor detail... do you really feel like uprooting yourself, starting over, and moving to any of those cities?  If you do, well go for it while the housing is still within reach because it won't remain so for long.  For the rest of us, this is not a viable strategy.  And, to better understand the relationship between home price and economics I recommend the excellent bookWho's Your City?: How the Creative Economy Is Making Where to Live the Most Important Decision of Your Life.When it comes to college education, she wants to change our entire system.  She rails against Ivy League schools, Sallie Mae, Congress, and just about everyone else.  And, she wants ultimately to render college education free as it is in Europe.  Those are respectable ideas (if not politically realistic), but they won't do anything to fund your actual college education now.  Instead, she could have simply recommended that students go to community college for their first couple of years and transfer to their state school system for the last two.  Many states have outstanding public university system (California, Colorado, Michigan, Virginia, Washington, among many others) where a student will earn very marketable degree at a very reasonable cost.If you are interested in personal financial planning, I recommend a few other books that are more focused than this one such as:The Random Walk Guide To Investing,Spend 'Til the End: The Revolutionary Guide to Raising Your Living Standard--Today and When You Retire, andPersonal Finance For Dummies.
I've read six or seven books by Harumi Murakami, two of which I thought were excellent ("Norwegian Wood" & "Underground: The Tokyo Gas Attack and the Japanese Psyche.")  However after this book, and the disappointing IQ84, I might be done.  Situations were set up over the first 50 pages that seemed like they might be interesting, but then didn't really go anywhere.  Characters didn't evolve or even act consistently.  Too much of this felt like a retread over the author's previous ground.  For instance the narrator talks about brand names and everybody talks about the cool jazz music, Beethoven, and Baby Boomer rock that presumably the author loves as well.  Women exist purely to throw themselves sexually at men, there's weirdness with the spirit world that I felt didn't truly resolve itself, and was sometimes weird for weirdness's sake...I was off-put by several scenes that didn't fit into the overall structure and were a pain to read, the cat torture scene and a lengthy diatribe against feminism being the first ones that come to mind.
This book has Crichton's trademark action.  But the premise makes no sense, and if it did, the real issues raised are not pursued at all in the book.  His notions of time travel use a lot of quantum bable, but have no credibility in science.  If they did, nobody would want to participate in time travel as he imagines it.
It was an ok read but nothing in there was calling me to come back to finish. Didn't care about the characters and it was a bit over written.
How this book ever got to be one of the best books to read I'll never know.  The language is terrible, the story is awful. and it is not the least bit entertaining.  I wanted to quit reading it, but thought well it is suppose to be such a good book it just has to ge t better - and it didn't.  It is the most NOTHING book I have ever read.  I was in college when all of this came about.  I guess I just missed it because I don't like this type of literature.  It is Not literature it is trash!
Fun read, but most people fail using these methods.  I finished the book without knowing many specifics about the author's momentum methods.
As a fan of cerebral novels that delve into history - a la "The Name of the Rose," "The Da Vinci Code," and any Arturo Perez-Reverte novel - I grabbed this book with great anticipation.  Thank goodness I decided to check it out of the library instead of buy it, because it was extremely disappointing.  I was completely bored for the entire first half of the novel, not really caring what the protagonist Edward was all about.  The author tries to inject quirkiness into the peripheral characters like Edward's friends Zeph and Caroline, the mysterious "The Artiste," etc., but it feels contrived.I kept waiting for the novel to get more exciting, more riveting, but it never really did.  After the first half it did become a little more interesting as Edward gets closer to discovering the existence/non-existence of the codex, but the chemistry between him and the medieval scholar Margaret is, again, contrived and not believable, and therefore proves to be a distraction.  The ending was a WHOPPER of a disappointment.  Like another reviewer here said, I thought I'd missed something and re-read the last 4 pages twice before I realized that, no, I hadn't missed anything, that was just how it ended.  I barely suppressed an out-loud groan when I finished the book.Please don't waste your time with this book.  You'll do yourself a favor by just skipping it.
In Leil Lowndes' understanding of things, good people and communication skills is vital to success in today's world.  And how does one develop powerful people skills?  Be born to rich, educated parents who themselves are social and graceful.  Attend expensive private K-12 schools where teachers hone and refine your people skills, confidence, and self-assurance.  Attend an Ivy League university, where you finally mature that accent and attitude so necessary and representative of the ruling class.  During this process, it's important to be popular in school, good-looking, athletic, a world-traveler, and to be an eclectic reader.  Then go to Wall Street or law school or medical school or business school, and make a billion dollars.  Then your success will guarantee your confidence which will guarantee your people skills.  Everyone will like you.  Why?  Because everyone likes a winner so the best way to guarantee that you're a winner is if you're a winner already.And if you're not a winner already then tough luck to you.  But you can make yourself temporarily feel better (not really) if you waste your time reading "How to Talk Anyone," perhaps the most definite guide since whatever was Leil Lowndes' most recent book on how to be a dilettante and a poseur, and the surest way to make a fool of yourself in front of rich, successful people.  Are you not an interesting person?  Why just scan the whole newspaper, and you can instantly add in a line or two lines of idiotic commentary to a party conversation.  "How to Talk Anyone" is a book that someone like Paris Hilton would read, find exceptionally inspirational, follow its advice, and then make a better mockery of herself than she already is (if that's possible).The irony of the book is that in her introduction Leil Lowndes complains that Dale Carnegie's classic is too simple, and then goes on to offer simplistic advice.  What make Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends & Influence People" the classic that it is today is the beauty of its simplicity:  he boiled down the chaos and complexity of people relationships into the most elegant of advice (smile, listen, and ask questions).  In comparison, this book is overly complicated and poorly presented.
I was so excited when I first began reading this book. It's been a year since the DaVinci Code and I was looking forward to a good mystery with some puzzles mixed with theology. Boy was I dissapointed. There was about 1/3rd or less mystery and excitement, mostly friendship with others on the campus of Princeton. At times wonderfully written, but mostly contrived, confusing, and dull. Even the secret, when finally revealed, was anticlimactic. I felt like saying "So WHAT????" This was like a good movie concept turned into a "B" movie because of bad direction and low budget. Sad. It could have been great had the two authors not spent so much time on thier college relationships.
The product itself arrived in great condition as promised.  However, I am extremely dissapointed with the way it was shipped to me.  I chose to pay extra money to get the book to me the next day, a Friday, because I needed it for class.  Unfortunatly, Amazon.com couldn't be bothered to get the package to me until Monday, which made my life very difficult.  I wouldn't have even gotten the book on time for class on Monday if I hadn't called UPS and told them I was supposed to have gotten the book several days ago.  I will not trust Amazon.com to get books to me with next day shipping ever again.  If I need a book in a short amount of time I will be taking my business elsewhere.
I didn't really get anything out of this book. Seems to me that reading the Pooh books again would be more enlightening.
This book is an interesting read, but I don't find it useful because it is mostly theory and lacks any "how-to" instructions and specifics. Jack Albin is an experienced money manager who handles thousands of clients' money. In his "global macro investing" strategy, he essentially tells you to look at the big picture and adjust your investment portfolio by constantly examining the five factors: trend/momentum, economy, liquidity, psychology, and fundamentals/valuation. This is not something that a typical investor can have the time nor resources to do.  The amount of capital that an individual investor manages is also much smaller than what a money manger handles. I do not agree that the average investor will benefit from the book, because the magnitude of what Albin talks about is not economically feasible for an individual. This is a book written by a professional money manager for people of the same, not ordinary investors. I highly doubt his "unified, rational approach to investing can help you weather even the most turbulent financial storms".
I wish I had been able to browse this book at a store before buying it.  This book takes about 100 pages of information and stretches it out into over 1500.  Save your money and buy "The C++ Programming Language" by Bjarne Stroustroup.  At least you can use his book as a reference.The only useful parts of this book are the programming exercises. They are actually interesting and challenging, and you will learn a lot by solving them.
I don't know who compared this book to the DaVinci Code, but they were WAY off.  This book purports to be about a code hidden in some obscure ancient book, but its actually about a bunch of pretentious, self-absorbed Princeton students, written by pretentious, self-absorbed Princeton students.  If you care about Dod Hall and the Ivy Club, then by all means, read this book.  If however, like 99.9% of the population, you don't care about arcane Princeton trivia, skip it.  If you prefer your characters undeveloped with minimal plot, this is the book for you.  If however, you would rather read a book that's actually ABOUT something or has some characters that connect with the reader, then you will be far better served by almost any other book in the English language, even &quot;The DaVinci Code&quot;, not exactly a literary masterpiece itself.Seriously, this book sucks.
Before you make any moves based on this book, you should check the logic and the math of the move. For example: he author gives an example of 2 people, 1 who stays in the same job, and 1 who switches (for more money). His argument is that at the time they retire, the person with 1 job has more in his retirement fund. The author makes the blanket assumption that just because you have more money, you will spend more. That doesn't always apply; you should check your own spending habits before refusing a job just because you may have more money when you retire. Another example: the author suggests you take a long and large mortgage and invest the difference. But if you don't have investment skills and your rate of return is lower than your mortgage rate, you're better off paying down your mortgage, especially if you have a knack for bad investments. 2 other things I find very annoying are his excessive self-promotion and his abusive use of footnotes. There are many pages where there are 3 footnotes. It's very distracting to read, then have to jump to the bottom for the next thought. If the author cannot write in a fluid and readable style, he should take a writing course before writing his next book.
This book should NOT be sold as a digital book. I tried reading it on my Kindle, and on a 7&#34; tablet. The cartoons, which are the heart of the book, cannot be read. They are not expandable, and are printed in a lighter color ink than text. They are UNREADABLE. This is not the first time I have complained about books with tables, images, or cartoons which are unreadable.
Our book club all read this as our first Ian Mcewan book.  It was so short that the exact history/relationship of the couple is never established.  You don't know enough about the couple to care much about them, so the ending seems disturbing as it comes out of nowhere and seems to be the ONLY interesting thing to happen in the book.
Already posted two reviews on this book, but never seem to get posted on the site.... oh well.Rather than try to create the review all over again for the THIRD time.... recap:1.  Very pro-trend viewpoint2.  Easy to read3.  Not big on actually teaching technique4.  Because of #3, can't really recommend this book, probably better off researching trend trading on the web.
Before writing this review I bough this book twice. I first purchased the hard cover version and after reading it and finding it filled with contradictions I purchased the Kindle version so I could better examine it sentence by sentence and make notes before writing a stinging review.Let me begin with an overview. Brian Cohen's view suffers from the same problem as all these books about venture investing ... professional investors whether they are angels or not investing in new  companies are in fact GAMBLING. But they do not want to admit it. It is quite similar to going to Las Vegas. A casual inexperience bettor will never do as well as someone who does it for a living and who has experience and knowledge and access to specialized information.Let me provide you the most revealing passage in Mr. Cohen's book. His own words on pg. 17 ...&#34;DO ANGEL INVESTORS MAKE MONEY ? The short answer, for the great majority of angels, is no. Even the smartest angels I know feel lucky if they are net-zero after a few years. I personally don&#8217;t know more than a handful of angels who had decent exits. The reality is that most startups fail, and despite what angels may believe about their ability to distinguish the winners from the losers, most angels, including me, aren&#8217;t that smart.&#34;So WHY did he write this book if he can't distinguish winners from losers and worse sell it for a list price of $30 !!The facts are as they are readily admitted by some in the venture industry. They expect one of 10 investments maybe 2 if they are very lucky to become wildly successful. A few others will be sold to other companies and make the investors a modest profit, and about half of every 10 investments will turn out to be a tot a loss. Both the good and the bas news for investors is they have no idea which will turn out to be the winners and the losers. Thy just ride the curve confident the formula works and it does !The professional gambler is going to win more often because they can swing the odds in their favor but they are still going to lose far more times than they win and their biggest pay days will be based more on luck than skill. It is the same with venture investing but Mr. Cohen leads entrepreneurs to believe they will have an advantage getting funding if they follow his advice. His advice is that if your new venture has in effect already demonstrated success by having customers and income and an impressive staff you will be more likely to get venture money. Bg deal. You don't need this book to realize that obvious point.But there is far worse to be found in this book. Mr. Cohen admits early in the book many of his angel investments have not made him any money. So is he following his own advice and losing money or does he not follow his own advice in making angel investments. There is no good answer to that question.Mr. Cohen brags repeatedly in his book that he was the first investor in Pinterest and it has been his big success as an angel investor. Well Mr. Cohen invested in Pinterest at a point where you would not expect angel investors to do so based on his book. He invested when the company was nothing but the founder operating out of his apartment and a few programmers working other jobs. Also the company had no business plan and most of all Pinterest had never made any money and has no idea how it ever will. Based on these facts reading Mr. Cohen's book if he followed his own advice he NEVER would have come close to making an investment in this company.But in fact as Mr, Cohen brags in his book he was the very first investor and it is his best investment. The company is now valued at  about $4 BILLION ! Finally one more very significant criticism maybe the most significant of  all that applies to this book and so many others like it giving advice to entrepreneurs. Mr Cohen and these other authors NEVER list nor explain their failed investments of which are many. Why ? Because it would completely undermine the value of they book they wrote thy want you to buy since they the author with their own advice makes lots of bad investments. And even more they have obviously not figured out how to stop doing so.So my advice is if you are an entrepreneur buy this book at your own peril even though almost every other reviewer had given this book 5 stars and none less than 4 except me. What should every angel investor want you to know ? That none of them have any secret information you will find in their books. The test is there are many different routes to both success and failure, and luck may well be the deciding factor. Follow your dreams and don't give up. That is good free advice.
An earlier review gave Atonement a five-star recommendation even after acknowledging that it was "horribly boring for the first 330 pages."  The alleged saving grace was the book's "shocking" ending.  Sorry, but if a novel is only entertaining in hindsight, it's not really entertaining at all. The art of telling a story with a twist ending is to ensure that the story itself is compelling -- separate and apart from its ending.  McEwan utterly fails in that regard.  The characters are dull.  The prose is long-winded and tedious.  There's not one whit of wit anywhere in the story.  And the only satisfying aspect of the aforementioned ending is that it finally puts an end to the tedium that precedes it.  Ian McEwan will have to do much better next time to atone for Atonement.
1*Pure piffleA recipe: mix "ana" ( = each in equal quantity) in a blender or processor the eternal American fetish for Ancient Europe (Rome, Middle Ages, etc.), for French and English nobility, knights-in-armour, tournaments,  jousting, damsels in distress, blood-thirsty warlords, etc.; dilute in gore (plenty of it) and in a pompous, stilted, clumsy, awkward dialogue that wants to pass itself for an archaic language and way of speaking. Operate the blender for the desired length of time (in this case, the one needed to read almost 500 pages). Oven-bake the resulting poultice in a crust of inflated notions about quantum physics; sprinkle liberally with 32 billion microprocessors contained in an extra-super-duper computer system to give a flavour of modern age technology and science. Add, as a final garnish, 4   pages of bibliography to give it a veneer of serious, scholarly research - and there you have "Timeline". One addition (and so much for the "research") to the several inconsistencies noticed by others: in the year (1357) the book's action takes place, there were no indoors toilets (the first "water-closet" was installed at Queen Bess' palace in Richmond, by Sir John Harington, courtier and writer, in 1596, i.e. 239 years later). My esteemed colleague (as a medical graduate) Michael Crichton's best work still remains "The Andromeda Strain" (his first production, of 33 years ago). One wonders if the real purpose of writing a book these days is to come out with a good one, or just to grind out something with an eye to Hollywood film rights, thus securing not only the copyrights, but also to be one of the movie's script-writers for, of course, an additional fee (my copy bears on its front cover "Now a Major Film"). Nice going, Doctor Crichton. But this reader dropped this book of yours less than halfway through it.
If I were first setting up Qkbks, this manual would be great. But I'm not and I hate it. I'm trying to learn the program while its already in progress and the index in this book is wrong wrong wrong. Many times, I go to the index to locate the information I need, only to flip to the page & it NOT be what I was looking for. For example, I want to know about posting payments to vendors so I go to 'vendors' in the index; it sends me to 'payments'; I look under 'payments to vendors'; go to the page and its all about customer payments. This is the case for 75% of everything I look up. IF its in the index at all. And since I'm not setting up the program from start to finish, this book is more of a hassel to me than a help. To get my $$ worth, I will have to read the entire book and make my own tabs to use in place of the index. What a joke. I have never been so disappointed in a manual.Maybe this book is filled with useful information but without a proper map, I CAN'T FIND IT!
I think Tartt is a wonderful writer but misuses her talent by drawing everything out.  I started out loving &#34;Goldfinch&#34; too, and the main character (Theo?), but by the end of the 2nd third of the book, I felt nothing toward him, and that continued, until the very end.  The significant thing here that I want to note is that her concept in both books is wonderful and she writes beautifully, but ruins it for me when she describes EVERYTHING.
"Scorpions" By: Walter Dean MyerI read the book Scorpions. I read this book because I have read some other work from Myer. I have liked some of Myers' other work but this book did not interest me.I found this book to be rather unentertaining.  This book in my understanding of the book did not really have a point. Also I thought it had no ending.This book was about a boy named Jamal. Jamal's older brother Randy just got put in jail. Randy was the leader of the scorpion gang and Randy wants Jamal to take the gang. But the other members of the gang don't want a twelve year old to take over the gang. Jamal's mom needs to find a way to get a thousand dollars to appeal Randy's case. While in jail Randy gets stabbed.Then after that the book just kind of ends. The book over all is unentertaining but the end is the best part of the book.
I originally stumbled across Red Dragon in 1982 when I moved to St. Charles, MO about 1 mile from Highway 94 as described in Harris's original novel with Lector. The book was mesmerizing.  Silence of the Lambs, though not as taut, still provided a good read.  Hannibal was a fast but less than  satisfying read.  The characters were shallow, the story not believable,  and the ending .... give me a break.
hey if you tap the all editions boutton  you will see on the first reasult that exact same thang is free!
This book isn't very good.  It's not very user friendly for a beginner.  It's the usual workbook stuff; you know greetings, how to ask questions, numbers, common verbs and nouns, months and days, etc.  Anyway, I've seen better ones out there - it's always hard to buy these things online without being able to view them, I recommend going to a bookstore like Barnes & Noble where I have bought a lot of my French workbooks, they have a very nice collection in the foreign language section.  Anyway, the exercises in the book definitely isn't going to help you learn or better your French just on this book alone.
I'm a fan of horror, science fiction, and creatures from the deep. Unfortunately, this novel contains very little of those things. There are few moments where the reader is thrust into the action. Most of the story is comprised of people talking about events that have occurred (sinking ships, towns attacked, plans of action, etc.) while throwing in scientific jargon every now and then for good measure to remind the reader that it isn't a melodrama. A flaccid bore of a book that will test the reader's patience.
From the title "How to Build Your Portfolio to Maximize Returns and Minimize Risk".  The book fell short, by quite a large margin.The book is a quick read and that was a bad thing.  I was looking for an in depth explanation on how to build a good asset allocation.  The math for pick two asset classes is explained and how those asset classes, when picked correctly, can actually decrease risk and increase performance to better either one held individually.  This all makes sense and was nothing too to me, but a topic that must be covered in a book on this topic.The problem is, there is not a systematic way to calculate the optimal risk reward profile for an entire basket of asset classes explained in the book.  When the book get into explaining multiple asset classes, the explanation on how to arrive at which asset classes and what percentages of each gets wishy washy.  They do provide templates asset classes you can use, but so does everyone free on the internet.I finished this book sorely disappointed that I did not learn anything new to help build an intelligently allocated portfolio.
Are you trapped in a jargon-filled jungle? Forever being forced to listen to self-inflated convention speakers, droning on in mind-numbing monologues? If so, then this is the book for you -- if you want more of the same. Vague and long-winded, it appears to be written strictly for those who will still fork over the dough when what should be a free promotional pamphlet is bloated up to a $25 hardback.Despite its promise to give you "the power to change anything," it doesn't offer any simple, straightforward advice. Instead it tells stories, ones that probably have some good points to make, but are just too dry to be interesting. For example, describing their experience consulting a particular company, the authors write:"It turns out the company wasn't prepared to shift to a just-in-time system because it didn't posses the social capital to collaborate. When executives purposefully built independence into the work design, it quickly revealed that employees lacked interpersonal problem-solving skills along with the ability to hold one another accountable."I'm sure the authors know their stuff. But I bet they communicate it better in person.
First, I do not know anything about the paper book.  I ordered the Splicing handbook to read on my iPad and for me its worthless.  The photos are poor and two small for me to get any use out of them.  I bought the book yesterday and deleted it today.  Big waste of moneyI just downloaded the iPad app Animated Knots by Grog for a few bucks and Its just what I was looking for.  I just bought a new boat and want to learn how to splice a loop at the ends of ropes, boating knots, etc.  The photo's are large, clear and Animated which makes it easy to learn.I have no interest in either company, just want to tie knots so my boat is there, when I get back.Glenn
There is very little in this book that is not obvious.Essentially the book is a list of don't.  Don't make a product unless people are willing to buy it.  Don't create a business without a real need.  Products don't sell themselves, etc.Unfortunately the author gives little guidance on how to determine if your idea fits into any of his don't.  Essentially you are not given the tools you need.  If you get it wrong he can say "Well you did not figure out what the customers wanted".  True but useless.There are a couple of things mentioned that may not be obvious to most readers.  The impact of technical standards is one example.I doubt this book will help many people.
I was looking forward to reading this book once I saw the incredible comments about it: "brilliant", "amazing", "a dazzling achievement", "a new departure for the American novel". But what a waste of money... Not only was the book dull and obvious, but it was also pretentious. Do not expect to find anything similar to a mistery novel or even a detective story. It's about a writer (yes, so original) who clearly doesn't know what to do with his life. So, he decides that pretending to be a detective is a good way of spending his time.
Can we say USELESS?The book explains NONE of the problems in the back, and you basically can't use the book to help solve advanced problems.The worst part is, there are problems in the book WITHOUT ANSWERS, and I'm not talking about the odd #s or even #s, but I'm talking a huge chunk (where the real meat of the chapters are found in applied equations) lack solutions.If you're looking to use this book, I suggest you compare it with your best doorstop or table prop, and see if you really need this $75+ hunk of junk.
I cannot believe the popularity this book received when it first came out!  The authors must have owned the publishing company.  Having worked in the field of change management for years (I am not telling how many) I can tell you that keeping it simple is very important, however what these authors did to the topic makes it seem WAY too simple.  If you want a god change management book that has at least 1 ounce of meat to it, I recommend Todd Jick's Managing Change, or Leading Strategic Change by Dave Hanna, or even Chris Argyris's Integrating the Individual and Organization, which is one of my favorites.  If you want a good bedtime story for your three year old, and I have two of them so I am not kidding, then this is the book to buy.
The book gave a lot of technical knowledge on how the body works.  However, the dietary suggestions in the book have taken a toll on my budget. I also purchased the weight loss supplements and they are not working.
As well-written as The End of the Affair may be, to me it was a tedious, slow-moving slog.  Boring, really.  The book is period piece of sorts (written soon after WW II) and there is a small amount of interest created by that fact.  Yet, this is not enough wind to keep this sailboat from remaining dead in the water.
This is not a bad book - in fact, the writing is more mature than the sophomoric Da Vinci Code.These 2 just-out-of-school guys, although obviously much smarter, talented,and grounded than many their age or older, produced a book that has no defining genre but meanders this way and that way with a little cryptography on the side to justify the claim to being thriller or whatever.I began to read with great interest willing to follow the authors whenever they took me for reasons I assumed would become clear later - 1/3 into the book we were still prancing about with the vigor of a new born lamb; now into 1/2 the book I have lost the will to read more.They have talent, next time perhaps they will think more deeply about what the book is about (not a showcase for all they learned at school) and work with a worthy editor.
I have to wonder if the reviewers who gave this 4 and 5 stars read the same book book I did.  "Expertly written" is hardly the way I'd describe a sentence like this: "Like a dog I'd kicked, the silence always seems to take her side."  Huh?Unfortunately writing like this is all too typical of The Rule of Four.  While the plot is nowhere near as complicated or as interesting as something of Eco's or The DaVinci Code it's not bad.  Sadly, a decent plot simply cannot overcome the horrors of the abysmally poor writing.
I had heard about this near-mythical book on the philosophy of golf and had high expectations.  The book started out well enough, as the author recounted his one and only round with Shivas Irons.  From there it digressed into philosophical fiddle-faddle with very little golf attached to it.  The last few sections are disconnected meanderings that may or may not mention golf at all.  This is an abstruse philosophy book with a golf veneer.  Read a friend's copy, but do not buy this book.  Go play a round instead.
Penguin sets the price for e-book editions higher than paperback editions.  Not buying it.  There is ample content at reasonable prices.
I started reading this book for book club and just do not like it.  Every book and author are not for everyone and this one is not for me.
As someone who has seen good results from the long term "buy and hold" approach AND the short term swing trading approach, this book has absolutely NOTHING to offer me.  Some will suggest that it is good for new investors, but the obvious sales pitch for his website and biased approach leads me to discourage the new investors also. I borrowed a copy from the library, but even for free I found my time with it to be waste. Oh - The story about a deaf guy with no job?  It would make a nice Reader's Digest story, but not a whole book.There is absolutely NO how-to information in this book.  If Toni Turner's 'Beginners's Guide to Day Trading' could be considered 'Day Trading 101', then this book would have to be considered the high school survey class! Of course the term used is "Shark Investing", not 'day trading', but many consider day trading to include any trades that are 3 weeks or less, so I see this as a book that tries to sell us on the advantages of day trading. No matter what terminology is used, the trouble is that the author does not consider the downside (that many just can't survive that way) and that the long term strategy does continue to work and work well for many.  The book just isn't objective about your choices.In case you have not heard, there is a website call [...], and it is mentioned many times in this book. Since there is absolutely no how-to information in the book, the reader is left with the obvious choice of action - go check out the website for more info.  Of course, that is how the author will make more money from you. What a coincidence that the title of the book just happend to be the same as the name of website.And Jim Cramer writes the foreward?  I can't think of a much bigger strike AGAINST the book!  Cramer so thouroghly discredited himself with terrible predictions about the banking industry failures that CNBC had to pull his show off the air temporarily.  But Cramer is a friend of DePorre's and has to write the foreward? I don't get it.The charts in this book just suck.  It's not the content, but the readability. Some poor fool didn't consider what color charts would look like when printed in a black and white and the results are an unreadable disaster! The backgrounds are all light gray, and the text is a medium gray: the lack of contrast (as you can guess) has to be seen to be believed, but somebody just didn't care and let it go to print that way. Obviously, this book is NOT the result of publishing like shark!
I have just begun reading this one, but I became a bit aggravated with it after I failed to note that the PUBLISHER LIMITS IT TO ONLY 4 DEVICES. That's my fault. I will check this before purchasing any more books from this publisher.
Simple concepts are made complicated and impractical in 'Operations Mangement' by Stevenson. After giving up on trying to understand this book, I went to the public library and checked out a couple of OM books that helped me survive the class. Also, this is by far the heaviest book in my business program. Watch your back (literally).
I was appalled at the writing style of this book.  It seems to have been designed for people who want to program, but do not even know what a program is!I bought this book based on its good reviews, but I was terribly mislead.  I have experience with other languages such as Delphi, and need to learn VB.net for certain projects.  I was hoping this would give me a good overview of the Visual Studio environment, as well as a reference for the Visual BASIC language.  To my surprise, this book was completely written in third-person dialog, making it almost impossible to use for reference or skipping through chapters.  He tries to write it in story format, with a situation such as...the screen displayed on my classroom PC projector..."What's a project?" Steve asked."Good question.  A project is another name for a program...."The entire book is written like this.  He does not know whether he wants to write a novel, or informational text.  If you are looking to learn Visual Basic as a programmer, do not waste your money.  I was hoping to use the information in this book for practical uses, but instead I received a horribly written story of students asking irrelevant questions in third person dialog.
If you want to read a book of common gossip about the foibles of those who head media companies, Autumn of the Moguls is the book for you.  Mr. Wolff sees himself as a critic of the media and its leaders, and the gossip takes mostly a negative slant.  He's a talented writer, and he does succeed in lampooning those in power . . . while acknowledging that even he feels the power of the media moguls when in their presence.The book is structured around telling the story of a conference of media executives that Mr. Wolff participated in as an interviewer.  If you have ever attended such a conference, you know that the main purposes are to make money for the promoters, make contacts for the participants and feed the egos of the speakers.  Mr. Wolff captured those parts well, but in far too much detail for my taste.  I found myself losing interest, and found it hard to keep picking the book up again.I rated the book at two stars for several reasons.First, as a source of gossip the book is flawed.  People in the media industry do like to gossip about each other.  I'm hardly a media insider, but I knew dozens of better stories about the people Mr. Wolff writes about than he included in his book.  It seems like he doesn't really know the juicy gossip.  Even when he reveals something that could be titillating, he doesn't do much with it.  For example, one of his subjects is gay, and Mr. Wolff makes much of that point without ever connecting the fact to any good stories (other than being told not to print the fact).  One can only conclude that Mr. Wolff doesn't know any good stories about the person.Second, his analysis of the industry and its leaders is very superficial.  It won't tell you anything you don't know from watching television.  Are you surprised to learn that newspapers are losing readers and the broadcast networks are losing viewers?Third, there is almost no business perspective in the book.  So this is not a book about business, but about people who work in businesses.Fourth, Mr. Wolff seems to know journalists (from his Time Inc. days) better than he knows media moguls.  I'm not really all that interested in what happens to journalists.  So I found those sections uninteresting.Fifth, Mr. Wolff doesn't like to point out anything good that someone has done.  Although this book is a satire (like the fictional Bonfire of the Vanities), it lacks balance.  Some of the people he writes about are fools, but some are pretty effective at what they do.  From this book, the writer's perspective makes them all sound alike.Sixth, the ultimate thesis is somewhat suspect . . . that the ego-driven need for attention by moguls has single-handedly corrupted the media.  It's as though the audience plays no part in media corruption.  If no one paid any attention to a new show, magazine or Internet format, that approach would soon be dropped.I seldom feel like I've wasted my time when I read a book by a fine writer, but I did this time.You may be wondering why I didn't rate this book at one star.  I was impressed by the many occasions when Mr. Wolff acknowledged his own shortcomings in being awed by power.  He isn't able to be critical to his subjects' faces like he is able to do in print.  That was a nice touch.  As for the rest of the book, I found his high opinion of himself as the sole voice of reason among those who write about the media to be annoying.I would skip this book in favor of a current magazine, television show, or Web site offering the latest gossip on media moguls.
A memoir is supposed to about an author's life, of course. But this one is like being trapped in a closet with a raving narcissist. Eva Hoffman passes along, it seems, every thought, emotion, experience and observation she has ever had at any age, no matter how insignificant, and we're evidently supposed to believe each is important because it happened to Eva Hoffman.I felt increasingly claustrophobic. Also bored. At 41%, per my Kindle, I returned it for a refund and deleted it from my Kindle. Whew. In literature as in life, keeping company with the self-absorbed and self-important is something to be avoided. Thank you, Amazon, for refunding such misbegotten purchases.
As we all, or at least any reader of Michael Crichton's work, are privy, visually he can do no wrong.  The same can be said of `Timeline' for with a many intricately strung sentences Crichton was able to create a world that is so real the reader finds him or herself engulfed in fantasy.  This is what Michael is good for; this is why we love him so much.  Sadly, as far as plot workings and character development are concerned, `Timeline' falls flat, very flat.  I wanted to start out with the positive.  That's why I make mention, once again, of his imaginative and richly detailed atmosphere.  I for one really felt as though I was in the year 1357.The main problem with `Timeline' is that Michael had a bit of a problem with taking what could have been an engaging and fascinating ride and making it even the slightest bit original.  For starters it centers around yet another theme park but this time instead of dinosaurs the main attraction is a full scale castle completely accurate down to the last stone.  Another downer was the use of generic characters that lacked any real depth.  There was the pretty girl whose lusted over by the nice guy who can never seem to get it together, and there's the hero guy who loves his job a little too much...and don't get me started on the villains with no real originality.For what it's worth it was a captivating read.  Crichton really knows how to draw in a reader, but the reader would have been better served had Crichton decided to take a little extra time in putting this all together.  This is, at least for the moment, the most disappointing read from this master of scientific fiction, for it fails to really capitalize on its massive potential.  For the most part every event that takes place is mapped out so eloquently I found myself just wishing that Michael would have went back to the drawing board with his original idea and gave us a deeper more orchestrated and original prose, that way it would have illuminated his underlying adventure.I will give it a one up in that it is far superior to that horrible movie adaptation.  Why is it that every one of Michael Crichton's novels gets the short end of the stick when it comes to movie adaptations?  When you read one of his novels your taken places, shown things and experience fantasies that are done absolutely no justice with brought to the big screen.  Aside from the initial Jurassic Park film Hollywood has failed to do Crichton or his fan base any favors but instead has turned his work into fodder.  I know that has nothing to do with the novel in particular, but I say this only to let the reader know that if they feel like passing this novel up merely because the film was horrendous, well, that is a poor choice of reason.
This book is a disappointment. While it contains a significant amount of information on VB.Net and may be used (for the most part) as a reference, the material is presented in a manner that is often confusing and hard to understand - particularly for those who have had limited programming experiences. For example, the authors frequently present items in their "LiveCode" examples but completely ignore any explanation of them other than to state something to the effect that an explanation will be presented in a "future chapter." While there may be reasons to do so, on a limited basis, this seems to be the rule rather than the exception. As a beginner, I am trying to understand everything that is presented - which is impossible because of the book's poor presentation. What makes this even more frustrating is that the same programs could have been written, in a simpler manner, that would fully cover the same concepts the authors are trying to present but avoid the use of concepts that haven't yet been covered in the book. I find that I'm using the outstanding notes my instructor provides us each week as the primary basis for acquiring programming skills, and using the book as a supplement. I have found it effective to completely ignore much of the unexplained concepts, presented well in advance to their being formally being introduced by the authors, rather than trying to understand them.One of the most obnoxious aspects of this book, however, is the atrocious practice of the book's editors/publisher to break up tables and programming examples across several pages - and then provide written explanations for the material contained on them on yet other different pages. This completely defeats the purpose of presenting material in a table in the first place - which should be to allow the reader to understand important concepts at a glance. While the editors have done the same thing with so many of the programs in the book, having to flip-flop back and forth between pages in order to compare written explanations with the programming examples is a reader's nightmare.It can only be hoped that, in future editions, the authors will remove all non-essential concepts from their examples and present them only when they are needed. Placing tables and examples on the SAME PAGE as explanatory text would, alone, make the book significantly better. So, until that happens, I'll continue to use the excellent notes provided by my instructor and other books to serve as my primary source of information on Visual Basic.NET. One would think that such matters would have been ironed out in a second edition - apparently, this was not the case.
As has been shown, even if creationists were as wrong as Plimer claims, his book is too full of hysterical rhetoric and scientific blunders to be worth much. But it seems that too many people are prepared to overlook these faults as long as they agree with his conclusion.But it's even more inexcusable that people didn't even bother to *check* the serious allegations before writing unstinted praises. Answers in Genesis has answered them all point-by-point on their site.There are a number of demonstrable falsehoods. For example, Halvorsens boat building firm was contacted to check whether they had said what Plimer claimed they had said, and it turns out that they said nothing of the sort. Rather, the principals turned out to be Bible-believers themselves!Just as bad as the falsehoods are the half truths. For example, Plimer said that there had been some doubt whether Gish had the qualifications and fraternity membership he had claimed. This is *technically* true even if even *any* person at *any* time had had any doubt. But before the book was written, Gish had sent him documentation, yet Plimer doesn't mention this, but of course to remove all doubt would defeat the purpose of this smear campaign.Another one is the technically correct statement that Creation Science Foundation (now AiG) had been investigated for fraud. Again, this is disgracefully misleading without mentioning that it was only a vexatious complaint by one of Plimer's fellow atheists/sceptics that instigated it, the Fraud Squad officers were annoyed at this complete waste of time, and most importantly, they ***completely exonerated CSF***, as shown by a letter from the head of the Fraud Squad to Dr Carl Wieland, the managing director of CSF, readily available. But mentioning the complete exoneration would destroy the force of Plimer's argument.Alas, Plimer can count on the irresponsibility of people not to bother checking the allegations, and rely on the pernicious principle &quot;where there's smoke, there's fire&quot; instead of regarding someone as innocent until proven guilty. The positive reviews are proof of this.
This book about Buddhism says it's plain & simple.  I found it to be neither plain nor simple.  I really wanted an easy to understand description or insight into Buddhism but did not find it here.
The writing was excellent. I am guessing the portrayal of the time playoffs is accurate. I had the Kindle version, there were typos in the book... don't know about the paperback. The story is told through diary entries.  The book is a plodder.
confirming negative reviews....don't wates your money here
I was disappointed with this book. The main character, Sophy, described herself as &quot;not a doormat&quot;, yet why is it then that she can't stand up to her own mother? Oh, I know...then there would be no premise for this far-fetched story. If she did have a backbone, she could have easily told her mum that she didn't have a boyfriend and that suited her perfectly well, thank you. Instead we find a woman (little girl, more like) who builds lie upon lie to appease her mum's fragile sensibilities, and are expected to believe that any man hired to be her date would find that incredibly attractive. Not likely. I might also add that it is not likely that he was won over by the way she constantly &quot;hissed&quot; at him, though perhaps he had a masochistic side that we were not privvy to. As a matter of fact, that would explain an awful lot. Like why he was always so eager to help her whenever she needed a hand after their &quot;date&quot; was over. I didn't know paid escorts cared so much. And why he was always the prince among men. I found little that I could dislike about him, which I think one would be able to in any well-rounded character. Although I'm a sucker for romance, there was little romance to be found. It seemed to be formulaicly tossed in throughout the story more through obligation than necessity. Most of their attraction took place in Sophy's mind, and that was mostly the &quot;he's so cute&quot; variety. Old flames seemed to pop conveniently out of the woodwork at just the right (or is it wrong) time. The more I read, the more contrived the story seemed. If you don't mind reading a story that could not believably take place with charcters as flat as the pages, this book might be right up your alley.
I only made it about 150 pages into this book, which I was prepared to like, based on its Amazon reviews and the fact that I'm a confirmed Anglophile.  It's well-written---what I read of it---but the most depressing book I've ever had the misfortune to pick up.  I kept thinking "Okay, they've had some bad fortune, but things will look up." Or "wow, what a string of bad luck, surely their latest decision will be a good one."  WRONG!  It just gets more and more gloomy, more and more bad things happen, and I just couldn't take it.  I skipped ahead to the last page (no spoilers coming) and found all kinds of ADDITIONAL rotten things had happened in the pages I'd fortunately skipped.  About enough, as a friend of mine once said, to make her "cut her wrists and bleed at the vein."  (She was kidding).  But honestly, why read a book where everyone is a scoundrel, criminal, villain, or bounder?  Or all of the above?  After this misadventure, I picked up a book about the London Blitz (another potentially depressing story), and found it wonderfully inspiring.  So there.
Mr. Adam, a 1947 novel by Pat Frank, was called "A fat prank by Pat Frank."Travels with My Aunt is a prank by Graham Greene.
The coverage on flags is a joke and enough to give this book a 1 star rating.  You will not be able to trade any better after reading this book.  It would be dangerous to think otherwise.  This book has the depth of a dictionary.
I borrowed this book from the library.  It looked cute with the big fat cat on the front and the words rhyme.  However, when I sat down with my grandson to read it, I was very disappointed.  With words like hate and stupid in it, it is not appropriate for children of any age.  How can we expect our children/grandchildren to grow up to be loving, caring persons if we fill their heads with words like these?This was the first Karlin book I had read, and I will look the others over more carefully before I bring them home.  Often when I find a book at the library I like, I purchase a copy later. I obviously won't being do so in this case.
Needing a review of the latin I learned in College, I purchased this slim volume ot do some revision. It claims to be both Classical and Medieval, but I could not really find much classical latin inside except some scant quotes that they throw at you which you can't read even after you complete this book!! There seems to be some religious bias here, too. The readings are about some monks somewhere in Europe, and most of the dialogue makes fun of the classical `pagans`.Then, using it solely as a grammer review, I quickly noticed there were almost no examples of the grammer.Don't waste your money on this book. Learn it properly. Anyone who wants a fun introduction to latin I suggest Cambridge Latin Course or Oxford's Latin; far and above this book.
W. Somerset MaughamLiza of LambethVintage Classics, Paperback, 2000.8vo. xx, 138 pp. Preface for the The Collected Edition, 1934 [v-xx].First published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1897.-------------------------------------------------'This is most certainly the last book of Somerset Maugham I would recommend to somebody who wants to read him for the first time. It is actually his first novel which Maugham wrote as a medical student in London's St. Thomas hospital. It was published in 1897 when the author was only 23 years old. No doubt it has nothing to do with his later works, even with his early books from the beginning of the XX century, let alone with his mature works written after Of Human Bondage published for the first time in 1915. (Interestingly, this novel was actually Maugham's second book; the first was a biography of Meyerbeer which was never published and apparently burned by the author.)''Liza of Lambeth'' has a certain charm with its simplicity of plot and characters. It is written in straightforward and convincingly realistic manner, I guess mainly because Maugham used his own experience as medical student visiting the suburbs and little imagination as he himself confesses in the preface to The Collected Edition the first volume of which is his first novel. By the way, this preface contains a lot a interesting biographical details about Maugham and is actually much more absorbing than the novel itself. Maugham rarely wrote of his works at all, let alone of his early attempts, and that's why a preface in which he discusses many of his youthful books, and why they didn't find place in The Collected Edition, is to be treasured. A most fascinating biographical essay of 15 pages, it is just wonderful that it is reprinted complete in the Vintage classics edition.Back to ''Liza'', despite a touching moment here and there, and the highly charged and brutal ending which is skilfully written, the novel has nothing remarkable to offer. Moreover, I myself at least find the dialogs in cockney very hard to read. In terms of characters' description and development ''Liza'' is a very far cry from Maugham's mature works. Were it not for his name on the cover, I would never guess that Maugham is indeed the author. As a matter of fact, incorrigible Maugham buff as I am, this is the only novel of Maugham I don't think I will ever re-read; or if I do, it will be solely for studying the development of his style, rather than for pleasure. Even Maugham's second novel, a historical one called ''The Making of a Saint'' (1898), wooden and immature and unrealistic as it is, is actually a great step forward compared to ''Liza''.I guess Maugham chose to include ''Liza'' in The Collected Edition mainly because of its historical importance. I think it is an interesting read mainly for Maugham fans who, knowing what heights he reached later, want to know where the great writer started. It is nothing short of miracle that the same person wrote ''Liza'' and, say, ''The Moon and Sixpence'' twenty years later. It is a well known fact that Maugham was not a born writer; he had to learn his craft at his own expense. Between ''Liza'' and his first masterpiece, Of Human Bondage he wrote no less than seven novels, seventeen short stories, one travel book and Heaven knows how many plays. In my very humble opinion, his indefatigable industry and constant striving for improve his writing is a valuable example how one should live one's life and, as Maugham himself usually put it, to make a pattern of it.But this is neither here nor there. Maugham's ''Liza'' remains, for me, a perfectly dispensable short piece of fiction which has but historical interest only. Perhaps I am too harsh, viewing the novel too much in the light of Maugham's later masterpieces, but since I can't be any other person than myself, I can't give more than one star to ''Liza'' either.
I needed a "guilty pleasure" for a long plane ride, and this book came so highly recommended I was eager to dive in.  Unfortunately, I couldn't stand it.  Something about the story compelled me to finish, but it was a struggle that took well over a month (and much skimming at that).I've thought a lot about what I disliked.  From the get-go, Gabaldon's writing style bothered me.  Her dialogue is stilted and her characters always seem to be laughing so hard they collapse to the ground, or they are engaged in a passionate shouting fest with veins pounding.  Neither realistic in their extremes.  I also found the plot to either plod along at a snail's pace or to be so dramatic it often felt like "spin the wheel of conflict."  I don't think it will give too much away if I say that when she fought a wolf at the end I almost threw the book across the room.Ultimately, I just couldn't connect with the characters.  Their love story was plot-driven, and although their relationship was supposedly exciting and adventurous, I never felt like they emotionally connected in a satisfactory way.  I couldn't figure out why the even loved each other.  Sure, they kept saying it and they certainly had a physical connection, but there was very little tenderness, longing or internal suffering--all the stuff that makes a love story tick for me.  Additionally, the characters don't mature or change in any way throughout the novel.  I can take a shallow protagonist IF she grows--but this simply never happens.Outlander in a nutshell: too much sex, not enough feeling. Too much action, not enough introspection.  Too much sickening violence without motivation.  This is not historical fiction, but a plot-drive romance that left me empty.
Somebody has to find a way to make this subject realistic and interesting, but this book ain't it. You ought to try to read this book. You really need to absorb the material. Just know that it won't be easy.That being said, this is probably the "standard" book on the subject, and you ought to have it on your shelf. I point at mine a lot. Once you fight your way through it, you probably will too.
I haven't read a novel by John Grisham in a long time.  Gosh, I can't even remember the last novel.Anyways, Ray Atlee is a recently divorced professor of law at the University of Virginia.  His brother, Forrest, has been in and out of rehab.  When's he's out, everyone is on eggshells, fearing he'll relapse or ask for money.Their father is the esteemed Honorable Reuben V. Atlee.  Even outside of the courtroom, his words, desires, choices are law among loved ones.  Nearing death, Judge Atlee summons both sons to settle his affairs.Ray arrives earlier...only to find his father dead...and only to discover that there's $3 million dollars hidden in his father's office.  The problem is that Judge Atlee made no mention of this money...not even in the will.Ray decides to keep this stash of money secret, even from his brother.  The problem is that someone else knows about this stash and makes threats on Ray's life.  Will Ray surrender the money or will he keep it by staying on the run?*The Summons* isn't your typical legal thriller...that's for sure.  This deviant break from legal thriller proved to be disastrious for Grisham because, based on other reviews here, it's just plain boring.  The characters aren't well developed.  The story plot is illogical and amateurish.
There was no end, twist, resolution, tie-up, revelation, redemption, relief, conclusion, satisfaction or new information.  The series just petered out.
I used to work in a prison and loved working there.  I thought the book would be as captivating as the job was.  The book was actually pretty boring.  I'm sorry to say I never finished it.
I've been reading this book for about 7 months and just cannot make it through no matter how many times I try.  It has a very surreal quality to it that I cannot relate too.
Iris, the main character of "Seduction of Water," is unfullfilled as a part-time teacher, unsuccessful author, and disposable girlfriend.  She decides to accept a managerial position at a fading hotel where her parents worked and where she grew up, but her main reason for returning is to write a book about her mother, and to search for an undiscovered third part of a purported trilogy, written by her mother, which is a fantasy series based on Irish folklore.  Carol Goodman gives the reader a healthy dose of the Irish legend of the "Selkie," and, as one might expect, Iris' real life (as well as that of her mother's) has many parallels to this legend.I appreciate the skill by which Goodman links her story to the Selkie legend, and attempts to craft modern folklore.  However, I found that many parts of the book dragged.  The characters were not terribly interesting, and I stopped caring whether or not the hotel stayed open for business, or if Iris found the third part of the trilogy.As in the better "Lake of Dead Languages" (the author's first novel) Goodman relies on improbable coincidences and implausible connections between the characters, and turns the book, in the end, into basically an Agatha Christie wannabe.  Goodman, obviously, is a talented writer, and I appreciate her study of folklore and legend which she offers in her first two novels.  I think, perhaps, she just tries too hard to mystify and surprise the reader.
I am giving this book 2 stars because of the poor writing style of Weed.  He is all over the place.  I read only 1/4 of this book and cannot read the rest.  Maybe there is some good information in this book but it has such poor sentence structure it is difficult to understand and follow.  I am very disappointed in this book.  The title is cool however!
Where to begin?  Much has been made already of the clumsy transitions, the shallow characterizations, and the generally plodding plot.  Maybe I should start by saying that, in addition to these considerable shortcomings, the book also suffers from an undisciplined writing style and generally poor editing.  Again and again throughout the book the authors invoke unintentionally repetitive imagery, going so far as to re-use whole conspicuous phrases two times on a single page and often ending consecutive sentences with the same phrase or word without any apparent underlying purpose.  The effect is jarring and difficult to overlook, and worst of all it prevents the text from engaging the thoughtful reader.Beyond this, the bulk of the story is wholly uninteresting.  By the end of the book I found myself utterly unconcerned with the fate of the characters or the quest, and I was relieved simply to have finished the reading.  Perhaps the story might be of greater interest to someone familiar with Princeton, but even for such readers the potential charm is far outweighed by the heavy and irrelevant description.One other thing--early in the book the authors refer again and again to the Nude Olympics, which take place during the first snowfall.  But this snowfall is characterized as a low-grade blizzard, requiring ploughs and salt trucks.  I've lived in NJ, and I can't recall a first snow that fell so heavily.  I know, I know--it's fiction, but this lapse from realism (among many others) in a purportedly realistic novel, pushed me out of the book.Don't buy this book unless you've lost a bet.
I got this for my son who is an Apple nerd, I thought it might help him branch out a bit from his standard diet of all things "Apple"!However he promptly picked this apart and proceeded to espouse the virtues of Apple's developer documentation (waaay back from 2009)! He showed me Apple's and compared it to this book's.It appears to be almost exactly the same stuff as what's in this book but he says that Apple's is superior as they have "code comments" on almost every line, taking you "step by step" throughout the entire coding process!What there is there also seems to not be quite complete, you have to search online for "the rest of the story", at least we did. Maybe if you have a background in this already it would be more comprehensive as you could fill in the gaps with what you already knew.We could not do this  and thus the 2 stars for us!Sorry, we really wanted it to "work" for us, but can't say it did.
Not an easy read, a bit wordy and in my opinion not meant for the average reader, however I suspect quite accurate.
Boring!  And not what I had hoped for.  I was thrilled when I thought Grisham was back to his legal thrillers.  I guess I was wanting another A TIME TO KILL.  I had to force myself to finish THE SUMMONS.  I thought it was filled with a lot of useless fillers and no "meat."  I hope that the next "legal thriller" by Grisham actually has some action and suspense.  Because if that is what you are looking for, do not waste your time on this!Definately NOT worth the hardback price.  If you feel like you must read THE SUMMONS...wait for the paperback.
I've read lots of literature; more than you might imagine.I read this thinking that I had missed a classic.This book does NOT &quot;capture the rawness, is so enthralling, blah, blah, blah.&quot;It IS outdated and whiny.  Instead of feeling empathy with a depressed main character, I feel the urge to only slap him.Why this has achieved classic status only attests to what P.T. Barnum said about people, numbers and fooling.
I bought this book thinking it would be a great all in one workbook/textbook to use to teach myself Spanish.  However, after the first few exercises, I found it to be exceedingly frustrating to use.  Some things are not explained well at all, and as other reviewers have noted there are several errors in the answer key.  Also, several of the exercises use words that have not been introduced beforehand and are not in the included dictionary in the back of the book. I suppose you could carry around a dictionary as well but having to constantly go back and fourth would become annoying rather quickly.  This book now it sits at the bottom of my bookshelf and I doubt I will use it again any time soon.
Lots of great information on the brain and mind but very complex. It was a bit much for the casual reader. There are many MRI s interpreted that totally lost me. I skipped thru much of it.
... tapping this scurvy keyboard and getting myself in trouble by criticizing an American icon. Oh well, nasty work but somebody has to etc etc...The simple thing is that Saul Bellow doesn't write very well. He doesn't compose brilliant sentences. He doesn't construct tight plots or taut narratives. By simple stylistic criteria, he's no better at wordsmithing than the average purveyor of pulp fiction by the cartload. He maunders and muses self-indulgently, as if his readers would give him all the time in the world as they might a beloved grand uncle with a failing memory, in honor of his Nobel Prize. In his youthful novels about his useless self, he was charmingly crass and brash. A youthful reader could read himself comfortably into Augie March and be tolerantly self-abusive. This novel, The Dean's December, is anything but youthful. The title tells most of it. This is a weary old dude's meandering epitaph for his own energy, a novel about Death interspersed with jeremiads about a society - two societies really, America and Romania - hardly lively enough to sustain a worthwhile Life. The narrative elements include an old woman's death in a 'communist' hospital, a young man's death by murder in seedy South Chicago, the metaphorical death of the Dean's self-expectations, and the deadly friction of the Dean's relationships with the bureaucracies both of his school in Chicago and his Romanian wife's society.Somewhere in this sprawl of words there is probably a novel, or perhaps a couple of well-crafted novellas. Was Bellow too prominent by 1982 for Harper and Row to assign him an editor? And somewhere among Bellow's jabs and jibes at class warfare in Chicago and America, there are probably some pointed needles, but they are lost in the haystack.
Yeah, I got it. Yeah, I was that teenager, too. Yeah, Salinger writes like he talks (so what?). Yeah, it made an impact on a certain era of teenagers. But does it deserve to be called a classic now? Absolutely not.
No clue why this became a classic....  Started out a book about an emo, whiny kid.  And then I completely lost interest.  Bleah. (and yes, I have read many, many books, including many of the &#34;classics,&#34; and this is one of the worst.
This book is a very important book, historically. If you're looking to study the history of feminism, it's essential. Further, for someone who simply wishes to get a feel for just how far we've come in the last fifty years, it can be very informative to read this book, and see just what constituted &quot;radical&quot; feminist thought around 1950.But if what you're interested in is cutting-edge, interesting, thought-provoking feminist theory, I'm afraid that this book no longer has what it takes. It was all of these things when it was written, and most of them as recently as the 1970s, but for a modern reader, most of de Beauvoir's concepts and arguments fall into one of three categories:The first is the &quot;Well, DUH!&quot; category, in which she makes a large production out of an argument that has long since become generally accepted; only the most neanderthal sexist would still argue against the basic right of women to be treated on an equal basis with men in employment, or to be treated as, legally, an equal partner with their spouse in a marriage, for two of the most obvious examples. People may argue still about what exactly constitutes equal treatment, but almost no one would dispute the basic concept.The second category, and even more unfortunate, is the category of arguments which have long since been discarded as themselves sexist; for all of her attempts to be radical, she was still a product of her time, and rather a lot of ideas got past her internal screen. The most obvious example of this category is her blind acceptance of the claim, then popular among most gynecologists (which of course, at the time, meant &quot;most male gynecologists&quot;, since there were very few of any other kind) that almost all menstrual or pre-menstrual difficulties experienced by their patients had no physical cause, but were in fact caused by a psychological problem with accepting their femininity. De Beauvoir, of course, puts a more tolerant spin on this outdated claim, suggesting that it is only REASONABLE that women would have difficulties accepting the demands put upon them by society's reaction to their gender, but that doesn't change the fact that she accepts the basic premise itself, a premise that has long since been recognised (at least by feminists) as patent hooey. There are a great many physical causes of menstrual difficulties, and if there are occasional instances of neurotic triggers, that doesn't make the statement &quot;I can't find a physical reason for your problem, therefore there isn't one,&quot; an acceptable diagnosis.The third category of argument in this book, at least for the reader unschooled in existentialist psychobabble and/or marxist dialectic, is the &quot;WHAT did she just say?&quot; argument. In spite of claims to the contrary in the introduction, this book is rather heavy going for the reader not familiar with the catch-phrases and pet terms of those disciplines. Terms like &quot;immanence&quot;, &quot;transcendance&quot;, and such are liberally sprinkled throughout the text, and it is assumed that the reader is familiar with the usage. There is nothing inherently wrong with this, but it does make the book rather inaccessible to the average reader.I do NOT recommend this book to the general public; for committed historians, particularly historians of the feminist movement, there is much to be learned from it. But for the general reader, it has long since lost the relevance that made it worth the effort to parse the 814 pages of impenetrable language.
(The review can also be found on my book review blog sparereads.com)A copy of the book was kindly provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.I was never a fan of Stephenie Meyer despite her overwhelming fame brought on by the Twilight series. Thus, the tagline in the blurb did more damage than good when it comes to drawing my attention. But one can hardly ever walk away from a ghost story that easy, even though now I wish I had done just that.Instead of being a heartbreaking mystery romance filled with suspense and tension, The Lost Boys is merely a cliched high school drama that uses ghosts as characters to explain away all the ridiculousness and absurdity one can undoubtedly recognize from the plot. It also suffers severely from the rather infamous trope of &#34;everyone is drop dead gorgeous&#34; by introducing characters that are simply too perfect to be true (This might have fooled and dazzled me in my earlier days, but no-no, not now). Though to Lilian Carmine's credit, she did manage to gain some of my respect by giving a few of them their unique personalities.As a whole, I found The Lost Boys extremely lacking in the mystery department, but that is partially my own fault since nowhere in the synopsis has promised me anything of that nature. As a matter of fact, the biggest mystery has already been revealed before you even go into the book. Being a &#34;romantic tale of a girl meets ghost&#34;, I spent more time than I wanted drowning in boredom while waiting for our MC, Joe, to find out that this handsome young boy she is secretly crushing on is actually a ghost. Even with this lengthy build up, their romance still felt halfhearted but interesting enough to keep me going.For a 500+ pages book, The Lost Boys is surprisingly easy to read. It didn't give me the feeling of moving a mountain across my shoulders, but it could still be condensed further regardless. Particularly, a round of character elimination would be greatly beneficial as well as removing all the unnecessary subplots. Additionally, Carmine's writing also left much to be desired. Although quite readable, her lack of experience and skill with her craft is fairly obvious to notice, though nothing out of the norm to how you would usually expect from a debut author.Without a doubt, The Lost Boys can be enjoyable for many others, so long as you have the proper mindset and expectations before starting it. But for me, it failed to provide excitement and unpredictability for which I was seeking. Nevertheless, I will probably check out the next book just to see how things have progressed, but that will be a story for another day.
This book is an excellent example of talking down to children and treating them like they are little idiots, instead of intelligent beings who notice things and are trying to get the world figured out. Almost nothing I consider important about the given objects is what Ms. Brown considers important. I pity the poor children who believe it's imperative that apples be round. What, do apples make good wheels? Surely what's really important about apples is that they are food."The wind is important because it blows" is exactly the same as saying "The wind is important because it's wind." That says nothing. Tell the children why it is important that air move."A daisy is important because it is white." I can think of no reason why it is important that a flower of any kind be white. In my experience, we value flowers in general and daisies in particular because they are pretty. And of course, there's the whole "He loves me, he loves me not" thing, which makes daisies important because they have petals. Color just doesn't factor in.And so on and so on. This list is complete baloney. Every time I remember that an apple is important because it's round I get pissed off.  It infuriates me that the author thought it's good to tell children this baloney, that the publisher published it, that the book is still in print, and that anyone would treat children as though they hadn't a brain in their heads.
many people have commented on the 5 star reviews which look like fakes planted to raise the star rating of this book.  AMAZON, WHERE ARE YOU? CAN YOU PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE NUMEROUS SUSPICIOUS ENTIRELY FAVOURABLE REVIEWS!  THANK YOU.
`Who Moved My Cheese' (`WMMC')by one Spencer Johnson is about two mice named Sniff and Scurry and two `littlepeople' named Hem and Haw who live in a maze. It uses animals to make some points about human nature by way of analogy and purports to be a fable in the vein of Aesopus and Jean de la Fontaine - a standard it sadly not only never reaches but never even comes close to making out its foggy contours in the distance.Dr. Johnson (`Dr.' being used here very liberally and any echo of the other Dr. Johnson ought to be ignored resolutely) apparently had doubts about his abilities to use anthropomorphic animals to get his point across so he chose to add the `littlepeople' - pint-sized you-and-me's that actually are the protagonists of the story (so why bother with the mice in the first place? Just one of the many instances of utterly confused reasoning in the story).Formally we therefore have a mixture between a fable and a parable, except that shrunken humans in a maze eating nothing but cheese ain't a parable for anything, them's just stupid (only Dennis Quaid is allowed to be shrunk and to keep a straight face while in the act )._Okay, so our little zoo lives in this maze and eats cheese (they even use running shoes which for some reason they hang around their necks ). One day the cheese at their regular joint runs out. The mice, being mice, don't complicate things by reflecting on what's happening and instead go looking for new munchies.The two littlepeople, not being mice, also don't have the luxury of unthinking action and are naturally despondent about their lack of food.Cue Kuebler-Ross'  five phases of dying (not referenced in the text though being exactly the kind of badly researched new-ageish pop-psychology one can expect to turn up in drivel like this).Hess and Hass experience denial ("No Cheese? No Cheese?" ), anger ("It's not fair!" ), bargaining ("Why did they do this to me?" "What's really going on here?" ) and depression (`Haw started to get depressed' ). The fifth stage, acceptance, is only exhibited by Herpes while dying off-stage.Harm, not willing to die just yet, eventually sets out into the maze to look for a new supply of cheese. After much to-and-fro and after ruining plenty of perfectly good walls with inane graffiti he discovers a new and even better stash of cheese and also reunites with pals Snigger and Scum.The Hemster, who by now must be close to starving isn't informed of this but left to die at Cheese Station C, cheered no doubt by the motivational one-liners friend Haught had put up on the walls.Now, the moral of this story is clear (in fact the author drives it home with a sledgehammer):Change happens and if you don't adapt you won't prosper .-The story however does not convey this moral; it rather makes some very sinister  points.First off, it pairs two mice against two humans (let's dispense with the `littlepeople' fiction right away. This isn't a fable, nor is it a parable; it's just human beings in a weird environment. Plus mice).Mice are many things - cute, adaptable, fertile - you name it - but there's a very good reason they're the quintessential laboratory animals and humans the one doing the laboratoring - mice are passive objects of their instincts. These instincts have been refined by aeons of evolution and so are extremely useful, but ultimately they are just that - instincts.In WMMC this is portrayed as a good thing - don't apply your faculties of reasoning to a situation, just accept it and move on.It cannot be stressed enough, WMMC cheerleads for a reactive mindset that treats any outside impulse as unquestionable and unfailingly right in that it is outside of human enquiry.I wonder what would have happened if Kang, Kor and Koloth had read this pamphlet 12.000 years ago in Catal H&uuml;y&uuml;k, Anatolia. Would they have binned the idea of storing some seeds to plant next spring in favour of moving to another location?What about James Watt and his steam engine? Would he, after drinking in Dr. Johnson's words of wisdom, have gone back to surveying and left countless workers to do with their hands what a machine could do better?Or Robert Koch - having graduated from one of Spencer Johnson's seminars - would he have accepted tuberculosis as a god-given fact of life and not attempted to find out what actually causes it?-These men where truly humans in that they employed their minds to effect change and to not be affected by it.WMMC fails in my opinion due to this basic set-up. To find value in it we would have to believe that we are really living in a maze with some all-powerful outside force moving our cheese.Some people will say "Yes and the outside force is called YHWE".Fair enough; but even religious people will hopefully agree that the areas where `Who Moved My Cheese' has been a smashing success, namely business and management; are not the objects of godly intervention on a regular basis.Otherwise our current friggin' crisis would be the Rapture and all of us still in the game (unlike a saved Bernie Maddock) subjects to the ravages of Armageddon .Dr. Johnson has us believe that change, any change, is morally neutral and must simply be accepted.-I am trying very hard not to run afoul of Godwin's law here so instead I want to call up the poem `Evangeline' by some Longfellow dude . In it, the heroine Evangeline is separated from her lover Gabriel when her village is destroyed by the British in the French and Indian war.Was the destruction of the village a positive change? Would Evangeline have been neutral between the options of losing her lover and only rediscovering him in his dying hours or instead living with him, however imperfectly?Certainly not.Some change is indeed an outside force that cannot be bargained with. Most changes however are very much a result of human actions and therefore not set in stone but malleable and themselves subject to change.Spencer Johnson treats every kind of change as the first sort whereas most of it is of the second sort.No wonder this book has been the rage in management circles. It absolves leaders of their responsibilities by making them into a force of nature. It then adds insult to injury by putting the entire burden on employees in treating refuseniks as morally bankrupt.Nice try, Dr. Johnson, but no cigar.We are not, in fact, living in a maze. The things we aspire to are not extrinsic. Our destiny is in ourselves and perhaps we should explore this route a bit more instead of mindlessly following whatever cheese your current boss throws at ya.Ultimately I have to regard the book as a failure because it presupposes what it purports to answer.Sniff, Snizzle, Hemp and Hash are straw-men built up to illustrate Spencer Johnson's mechanistic and magical view of human exchange. He thinks your live is determined by outside forces beyond our control and moral evaluation that must be adhered to.`Who Moved MY Cheese' belongs firmly in the class of logic fallacies known as petitio principii.In giving his world this shape Spencer Johnson unwittingly opens up a Pandora's box. His masters are beyond reason, are beyond reproach and scrutiny. They are the Sovereign."Souver&auml;n ist, wer &uuml;ber den Ausnahmezustand entscheidet.  "And the Ausnahmezustand, the state of emergency, has certainly been reached in our szenario.We follow our littlemen to any outcome the leaders have selected and we don't expect any quibbles much less any objections because according to WMMC any change is right.
This is not a critique of Nietzche, but of the publisher.  This edition had too many spelling and grammatical errors for a work of this caliber.
For our child this &#34;solutions&#34; were just a waste of time. We ended up using the Ferber Method, which did the trick in one night.
Is Robert Anton Wilson mealy mouthed?  He sure likes to beat around the bush and not speak directly and not committing himself to anything.  However, he did take a stance that he wanted to induce a generalized agnosticism.  And he articulated the goal of all of his writings as an: "attempt to break down conditioned associations--to look at the world in a new way, with many models recognized as models or maps and no one model elevated to the Truth."  This book shows a dim view of conspiracy theories.  Therefore, rather than tolerate them as models or maps, he seems displeased with conspiracy theorists when they blame masons or juwes for anything.  He also is a member of the church of subgenius which makes Christianity an object of blasphemy.  Wilson is otherwise quite tolerant of gnostic philosophies, such as zen or taoism.  In fact, he notes in several lectures that persons born in the East don't have difficulty with quantum physics.  Despite his purported agnosticism, Wilson is clearly firm in his beliefs; namely, his belief in gnosticism.  This book shows that.  It shows his aggravation with conspiracy theories that indict gnostic organizations such as the freemasons or illuminati.  Yet, the same man, while claiming agnosticism, is quick to indulge in blasphemy and indictments of Christian institutions.  I agree with Wilson's statement that human explanation amounts to models, and no one model is perfect (i.e. the true one).  However, those models do, in relation to each other, approximate more or less to the facts, some more so than others.  After all, the Copernican model certainly is superior to the ptolemaic one.  Along with thinkers like Wittgenstein and Aquinas, Wilson is correct in saying that human knowledge is impoverished.  However, parodying conspiracy theories doesn't prove his point.  Nor is he justified in ignoring the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead as an historical fact which makes Christ's claims to circumvent the limitations of human understanding on firm ground.  Jesus, of course, is in a better position to explain what how He did it.  Someone has literally come from outside the world and given us an understanding we can be confident in.  Wilson claims to be an honest intellectual, yet he only addresses Christianity in parody and blasphemy, which shows he never really took up serious discussion of its claims.  For his soul's sake, I hope he changed his views before he met Jesus face to face.
Did the really make a movie out of THIS?I thought that we were going to see the life of the characters AFTER they moved to Paris.Can we really expect that someone would be silly enough to quit their jobs, sell all of their belongs and then take a whole family (including children) to someplace where they didn't speak the language or have any contacts to find a job? And that they would trade a well paying job that was certain for this uncertainty?Can we imagine that someone would commit suicide over not being able to carry out this daft plan?If Hollywood wants to make a film to try to demonize the 1950s (which seemed to be the latent point of this), then they could at least have tried to do it in such a way as to keep the viewers awake.
I personally believe "Best Sellers" should be decided by how many people actually WANT the book.And just because a book is a classic doesnt mean its any good.
Rarely have I read a sillier, shallower book.The writing style is roughly 12th grade, the history-science clumsily interjected, the characters straight out of Batman Comics, and the ending utterly predictable.  Crichton must write this stuff in his sleep dreaming all the while of the  many dollars he will make selling this to the movies for which it was  obviously written.  It is disheartening to be confronted with what is known  as a &quot;best-seller&quot; for it reveals the reading tastes and  abilities of the average reader.And, NO, I didn't finish it.  Why waste the  time when the ending was apparent from page 20.  Bah humbug to you MC and  your appallingly badly written books.
The book tells you everything that Icloud can do - but not how to do it. I certainly wasted my money on this one
I find the material covered in this book to be very important. Unfortunately, the presentation is extremely boring, dry, and repetitive. I'm giving it two stars only because there seems to be a general lack of  good books on proper software design using java. Otherwise, I'd have given  it a single star.
I like to read self-help books because they always help me to evaluate my life.  I don't think a book can change your life but I do believe that some books give you that one nugget of advice --that one statement that you can reflect on and hopefully apply to your own life. If a book has just one nugget of advice that can change your life for the better, then I think the book was worth the read.I heard about Tal-Ben Shahar from someone who recommended I read his other title, "The Pursuit of Perfect."  I then saw Tal-Ben Shahar on "The Daily Show" and I kept hearing about how the class he taught at Harvard was supposedly the most popular in the school's history. So I said, this book must be something special then.The cover of the book is really cool, it's a bright yellow with shiny red, raised letters.  It looks awesome on my book shelf. Unfortunately, that is it's only redeeming quality. The book is incredibly hard to read and has zero flow and structure. After finishing it, I was still asking myself what the secrets to being happy were.  It's only 168 pages long but I had to keep stopping because it was so boring and every time the chapter ended, I couldn't figure out the main point.My biggest issue with this book is that the author quotes other self help books constantly.  For example, he quotes Mihaly Csikszentmihaly at least three times and constructs his arguments regarding certain aspects of happiness, like education and work, based on Mihaly's book, "Flow." He also quotes Martin Seligman and Nathanial Branden to name a few.  I got the feeling after reading this book, that happiness is probably better explained by these other authors.Ben-Shahar sums up happiness at the end of the book by saying that it is not the result of one single thing -the perfect job, the perfect relationship, more money, etc.. He says that "We are living a happy life when we derive pleasure and meaning while spending time with our loved ones, or learning something new, or engaging in a project at work. The more our days are filled with these experiences, the happier we become." This is a platitude at it's best. I can't believe they are teaching this at Harvard.My impressions after reading this book are that I didn't come away with an understanding of how to make my life happier and I didn't learn anything new about happiness.  Whatever Ben-Shahar was trying to explain was just common sense and it's been said before. Unless you are young, you already know things like money does not buy you happiness or you will do better in school if you enjoy learning.  This book should have been more about all the things that can bring different people happiness and how we can make them a part of our lives. He should have also talked about things that rob you of happiness. Beyond that, the book does not even progress properly.  I don't know if it's his writing or the fact that he was trying to discuss a subject that might be a little too broad for 168 pages.  Come to think of it, this book reminds me a lot of my cognitive psych class from a few years ago; it sounded interesting but was beyond boring. I mean studying happiness is just as boring as studying the mind because it is hard to do either.I'll try to read the book again and force myself to find something good to say about it. For now, my two star rating stands. If this is your first positive psychology book, you might be blown away by it's revelations.  I've read several already and a lot of this information is rehashed. As far as happiness, I think this is something that you'll just have to figure out on your own, you won't learn it at Harvard or in a book. What makes me happy might not make you happy. The main point of my review is that this is not a bad book with bad advice but it is more of a feel good book with common sense advice.  If you have common sense and you are looking for something more, you will not get that here.I'm not saying that you shouldn't read this book, I'm just saying that, considering the price, you shouldn't buy it at full price.  If you're library has it, or if somebody lets you borrow it, do that instead. If you choose to pass on it, then you wouldn't be missing much. I would buy "Flow" by Mihaly Csikszentmihaly instead because Tal-Ben Shahar obviously likes that book.
How can a Kindle book be more expensive than a paperback? At the time of this review the Kindle version was sold at $13.99 and the paperback was $7.41.
The examples and detail in this book are not great when compared to other discrete/finite books.
This book feels like it is less about business lessons from the campaign and more about a report of how people worked. As a person who works with businesses I found it a bit thin. Perhaps this is the nature of books with such titles. I suspect it of being put together to capitalize on the Obama mystic which is  considerable and which I greatly admire and to find a way into business book market. It is not a well developed thesis of ideas. It is not even innovative in reporting on the social networking although I suspect there was more than described here.And it more about politics and position yourself to win against others which is not a message that needs reinforcing in business. The team internal is set against others. That is not the best way for business to work.I feel at a loss of what else I would say about this book. I love my President. I love Obama. I love business. But this is not a good mix of the combination. I was disappointed
This book reminds me of all the reasons I struggled through school trying to comprehend math.  Most books then were written like this one, with unending streams of heiroglyphics representing formulas from somewhere in the book, if you could only remember where.  A thoughtful use of white space would help and . . . use short sentences!  Why writers like to use huge, uncommon words to muddy an already complicated subject is beyond me.After reading and re-reading just two sentences of a chapter I feel somewhat knowledgeable in, I got a headache.  The book is hardly practical as it's subtitle indicates.  Most will not be able to comprehend it.  There are many other more practical and understandable books out there.This is not to say Mr. Eberly knows not what he speaks.  He is very well known in these circles.  He says he changed careers from being a mathematician to a computer scientist.  I only hope he doesn't try to change careers to book writing.
I picked up this book because although I have been blogging for a little over two years, I'm always looking for ways to bump up the revenue potential of my site.  Based on the title this book sounded perfect to help me out with this, however in actuality, it was not that useful.The book is broken down into chapters on things like advertising networks, seo, rss, etc.  In this sense, it has all the topics that you would expect from a book on making money from blogging (including the expected chapters on setting up a blog for those just getting started).  The problem is that although all the expected topics are here, they are not covered in great detail.  What's more, what is here is mostly intuitive or common sense.  Thus, while the book serves as an okay introduction to these topics, I walked away feeling like I needed to read more books rather than have all the answers.In general, I think this book could serve as an okay introduction as long as you expect that you will have to read further books as follow up.  If you walk into this expecting to find all the answers you will be severely disapointed.  I could see this being slightly more valuable to someone who has no blogging knowledge whatsoever.  However, if you have even a little bit you will likely find that you've found better answers either online or in other books for free.  (ProBlogger: Secrets for Blogging Your Way to a Six-Figure Income, for example, is a much better alternative.  They offer up a lot of the same information, but with much more depth and fewer obvious solutions.)Overall, I would not recommend this book unless you are incredibly new to blogging and know nothing about online advertising and seo.  If you already have a little bit of knowledge you are better off reading the title I suggested above, or reading blogs about blogging to find advice.
The End of  the Affair was chosen for my book group and although I seriously tried very hard to like it, I just couldn't.The main problem is the characters, there isn't one that I can say that I liked at all and I felt their actions were too unbelievable.  The story itself could not hold my attention, but I was able to finish the book.I have heard that the movie is better than the book so I will give it a try if I have the opportunity to rent it but I would not recommend this book to anyone.
I'm becoming a little disgusted with John Grisham.  This is another book that builds into a great potential story--and then has no climax.  Hey John--how about tying up just a few of those loose ends?  Where's the payoff?
This book annoyed me.  There's simply no other way to put it.  Henry is a time traveler, and he basically brings up his future wife when he travels back to the past, and then at some point, he dies.I couldn't have cared less.An insult to the time travel genre.
This is a book more for someone in their twenties who are just realizing the power of thought and how we are responsible for it.  A little to in your face in some parts.
This book makes the most grievous error a book can make: it's boring.  The title sounded intriguing, but the book is a real snooze.  I skipped page after page looking for something of interest to read.  Alas, I found nothing.  Talk about disappointment.  I was hoping for a scathing analysis of the degradation of language in contemporary discourse and music.  What I got was...well, I'm not sure but it put me to sleep within 5 minutes.  I don't want to read in-depth analyses of speeches from 1856 or whatever.  Maybe there's another book out there that discusses the devaluation of language in pop culture in a compelling way.  This one ain't...I mean, isn't, it.
A co-worker, when she saw this book laying on my desk, told me to keep at it, &quot;it eventually gets good,&quot; she said. She lied. She suggested, when I finally got to page 300, that I skim. I read a paragraph of each  page and finally got through it. I never connected with the characters,  except maybe for Benji, the youngest child of Marie, a psycho mother who  blames everyone but herself for her pathetic life. It centers around a scam  artist murderer who charms his way into Marie's life and Benji who knows  the man's secret but won't risk his mother's happiness to tell her what he  knows. Save your time and your money.
For a book that is dedicated to Swing, I found the book uninsightful. The organization of the book is confusing and thus difficult to use. The table of contents are a somewhat helpful in this area, but since there is no  index, it is not very useful as a reference text. Unfortunately it not  particularly good as an introduction to the Swing interface either, so I am  not quite sure who is the best audience. But there is a lot of raw data, so  some should find some value from it, particularly if this is the only  information available on Swing.
I have an older copy of Emily Post's Etiquette that I think is much better written than this version. Yes, I do admire the idea of updating the book to recognize changes since the 1980s, such as the rise in the use of email and cellphones. Nonetheless, I think the book raises these issues without giving much in the way of practical etiquette advice. Want to know something surprising? Letitia Baldrige's new etiquette book does a much better job on this front. Frankly, I'll probably donate the new Post book to clear space on my crowded bookcases.
This book is mainly a series of discussions on many people that have used trends for investment purposes. It has some interesting interviews,What I wanted was a book that explained the theory and how it worked.
This book is silly in the extreme. None of its characters is likable; the plot requires a tortured suspension of disbelief; Dooling misleads the reader with his descriptions of courts and his analysis of legal issues;  and, worst of all, is sophomoric in its treatment of sex and sexual issues.  To paraphrase George Bernard Shaw's review of a symphony he attended, the  best chapter in this book is the last -- by then the reader knows the  ordeal will soon be over.
Thomas Harris may perhaps be forgiven for falling in love with Hannibal Lecter, the character who made him a multi-millionaire.  But the rest of us have no such excuse.  Feeding someone his own brains is merely disgusting;  it does not constitute true horror fiction.  Harris falls into the trap of  allowing his readers too much access to the mind of Hannibal Lecter, a  narratological strategy that inevitably brings understanding and elicits a  certain amount of sympathy for the &quot;good&quot; doctor.  But such  understanding and sympathy are totally misplaced here.  Red Dragon remains  harris' masterpiece.
After reading other reviews, it seems to me that some people found &quot;White Noise&quot; insightful and funny, and others boring and hollow. I can conclude that, like many works of experimental literature, how you will feel about this book depends on what you bring from your own personality.At most I got a few chuckles and didn't find much funny about the book. This is because that, while a talented attempt at a satire, the absurdity reached such a level that the characters seemed to inhabit a world like our own, but completely skewed. A department of Hitler Studies at a college? Elvis studies? Though professor Murray is a wild character, his insistence on watching car crashes in movies for what they say about the culture of the U.S. was more silly than funny. And that's only a fraction of Murray's bizarre look at life. Delillo deliberately makes everything out of whack, but for me it was too far out of whack to be enjoyable. I could see him straining and writing talented prose with a good idea on demonstrating the omnipresence of the consumer culture, the fear of death, and what they mean, but no one I've ever met acts as silly and horribly insecure as his characters. Ultimately, I just couldn't enjoy this, but I appreciate the attempt.
I actually really wanted this book to scare me. Like scare me so much I wished I believed in God. I've been into the supernatural since I was a child. I watched tons of TV shows on it until I learned how to use a computer, and then I did a lot of research. So I guess I shouldn't be surprised that this book only taught me a few new things. It contains a lot of information, but I already knew most of it.I've also known about Lorraine Warren since I was younger. I didn't know about Ed which is surprising since he seemed to be more involved than Lorraine. When I saw this book, I was so excited, especially since the reviews were good. But unfortunately from the start of the book, I knew I wouldn't be giving a good review.There were quite a few mistakes throughout the entire book. Mostly punctuation, but sometimes I think the author screwed up in sentences because some seemed to be missing a word and were confusing. There were also tons of repeating. Sometimes the author just stated the same thing in different ways. It really started to irritate me. Ed also said quite a few times that there's things he won't talk about or give information about which irritated me as well. Why keep mentioning there's stuff you won't talk about? That only makes me want to know.&#34;We show the students pictures and slides of spirit activity in progress, although in the future, I'd also like to use films and videotapes taken while disturbances are going on.&#34;I cannot believe that in all of his years of work and after all the experiences and things he says he's seen, he still hasn't taken video evidence. I think most people would rather watch a video than go through pictures.I thought this book would also explain more about the Amityville case, but the only thing it did was confuse me more about it. Were there demons in the house or was the house itself somehow responsible? Did they exorcise the house? If not, why? And why not just tear it down?The only case that scared me was the one about a Raggedy Anne doll. Even though I'm not usually scared of dolls, it definitely creeps me out if something demonic is possessing it into moving around. Other than that, no matter how dramatic and terrifying they tried to make their cases seem to be, it just didn't scare me to read it. I've heard and seen it all before, though I DO feel for the victims. I spent so much time finishing this book, way more time than I normally do, because I found myself drifting off and not because I was relaxed.There was also a part where an exorcist asked Becky Beckford if she asked for forgiveness for using a Ouija Board that invited a demon into the house. This made me so angry. She used the board in the first place because she was so incredibly lonely to the point where she'd accept a spirit as a friend. The demon tricked her into thinking he was a teenage boy who had died when she was younger, and he often complimented her. She eventually asked if she could see what he looked like which invited the demon into the house. If she had known it was a demon that would cause so much destruction, she never would of let it in. So she had to ask for forgiveness for being a lonely teenage girl who just wanted a friend. Ridiculous.Apparently even if we don't want to invite the demon in, if it gets invited in, its our fault and by our own free will. That's another thing Ed continuous kept repeating. Overall, I'm extremely disappointed in this book. If anything, it made me happier I'm an Atheist and now who to NOT call if I ever needed help because I damn sure will not ask for forgiveness for feeling lonely or sad. This book really isn't as scary as people are saying unless you don't know much about spirits or demons. Then I suppose you should be scared. I wouldn't recommend this book to someone who knows quite a bit about the paranormal. Its pretty much just a lot of Ed's babbling, anyway.
There are some useful nuggets in this book, but there is also a lot of material that doesn't directly relate to processing XML.  The author spends an inordinate amount of space discussing things like AWK, filename globbing on Windows, installing software, and other irrelevant items.  The software tools used as examples in the book were written for earlier versions of Python and the Python XML libraries; they do not work with the current releases of Python and PyXML, and no updates are available on the author's web site.
I expected quite a bit more after reading some of the comments by the various famous coaches and athletes talking about this highly-acclaimed author.  I did not get nearly what I expected.  As a former High School Wrestling coach, and a current marketing manager, I was hoping to find a very unique perspective by one of the top "coaches" in the game of performance consultants.  I was hoping to find a book that would take inspirational coaching techniques in the sports world, and apply them to the business and personal world, and vice-versa.  None of that happened in this book.While I did give this book two stars, because I believe that almost any self-help book can be helpful to the right person at the right time, there are hundreds of better self-help books that could be bought.  I think this might be a case of an author trying to reach too far, and touch on business, sports, and personal life all in one book.  That seemed to dilute the book, fluff it up a little too much, and basically make it sound as though the ideas in the book were not at all high-level.  Perhaps it would be helpful if future readers decide which one they are concerned with and went out to find a book specifically catered to them.That being said, if all three of the aspects he touches on are important to you, and you are looking for a self-help book, this could be a solid purchase for you.  Many, many athletes and coaches seem to swear by this author, and it is possible that a more sports-oriented look at the book would have made me give it a higher rating.  For those who decide to purchase the book, I do hope that you enjoy it.
A misguided friend of mine gave me this to read while I was in the hospital around 30 years ago. It was new at the time, and praised highly. I couldn't stand it. The novel was boring, amateurish and unreadable, obviously written by a talentless individual. (The first chapter felt like trying to run a marathon in quicksand.) I still don't understand why it was published, except perhaps to prove that Pulitzer prize winners are usually overrated. Awful.
Good organization and readability does not excuse publishers from using their business knowlege to stick it to students.  The "description" here doesn't do anything to change that impression.  Perhaps this book should have been called "How to Make a Killing in Academic Book Sales"  Obviously book buying is a new hazing rite for American students. "Yes, sir, may I have another!"
We read for many reasons, all of which pertain to enjoyment. Beyond the good laugh, or a thoughtful provocation wrapped in satire, we also expect to become a bit more enjoyably educated for having read.Then there's the notion of polemic: we also frequently read in order to glean arguments that support pre-conceived ideas. This is called 'ideology', and aptly describes both Bernstein's project and his readership's intent.In the first paragraph or so, one finds a sneering remark towards Ivy League and New York Times. These, to return barb for barb, are all-too-familiar tropes of the quasi-fascist amerikan right.Having pronounced upon these, the author declares his mission to create a bizness community version of history--far from both the ivy tower and the madding crowd of pointy-headed coastal intellectualism. Well, not.Sensibility demands that we accept diverse opinion from other sensible individuals. Moreover, we should read contrary to our beliefs in order to challenge them, which is why I jumped into this particular project. But the author doesn't deliver.Nothing could be more off-putting than to label Aristotelian science 'totalitarain'. And why would he slaver over Cambridge, the birthplace of Keynesian socialism that stated, in so many words, that economic success is dictated by government policy?In any case, his main guy, the Cambridge-educated Angus Maddison, is both mis-used and cited in highly-debated circumstance.Working for the OECD, Maddison remarkably developed a set of indicators thast might predict GDP/PC growth amomg developed nations. These, in extenso, might arguably be employed to facilitate growth in developing nations, the most salient examople being China.Now assuming access to labor, resources, and money, no one denies that the ancilliary factors of applied intellect and infrastructure are important, too. How all of these work themselves out to offer the optimal return is what 'the Maddison group' is all about. That the devil is in the details of the formula, is far, far above the head of our neurologist turned ideologue.Or to return the favor in his own field: "In neurology we study axions, dendrites, and electrochemical impulses. How this electro-chemical stuff works is really complicated. So maybe you should just go see a chiropractor."In passing, I might also mention that Nobel Laureates such as Krugman write PhD thesis that emphasize the role of trade in establishing incremental GDP growth. But there I go again--citing both NY Times and Columbia U in the same breath!Maddison also went on to figuratively apply his method to long-scale 'One-AD' tendencies of growth. This, regrettably is where both his peer-reviewed credibility stops and the narration of Bernstein begins. So in reality, Bernstein is exploiting the name of Maddison, much as to say that the universe is invinite because Einstein said so.A quantitative account of personal wealth is impossible without a consistent unit of measure; anthropology informs us that we write ethnographic accounts becausse there is no said common measure. In any case, no one denies that around 1820, there was an ecomonic explosion of sorts, and how it precisely happened is an interesting story.Yet we dervive absolutely no insight by stating that pre-1820 was nothing but an impovershed, two thousand year-old mess. To his credit, Maddison looked long and hard for the 'seeds' that spawned this remarkable spurt. To his shame, Bernstein cites nothing but a version the businessman's credo.In this bowlderized account, there was no transition from wool to cotton based upon the exploitation of India, thereby secured by opium trade from China.There was no virtual enslavement of the Scots population after 1710, thereby offering both the mills and coal mines a cheep source of labor.America did not exist: no slaves to produce the cotton, nor grow the rice that enabled an inexpensive food source....
I am generally a fan of Grisham, but this one isn't very good.  It could have been a good story but it doesn't ring true. For example, the narrator is 32, but doesn't speak like anyone that age.  32 year olds don't describe people using words like "youngster," "coed," "queers," and so on.
If you are a wine connoisseur, or if you relate to love stories of hideous, cannibalistic serial killers who elope into the Brazilian night with gunpowder-damask'd ladies (or if you fancy villains who have no flesh  on their face--only a goggly eyeball), then &quot;Hannibal&quot; is for  you.This book has two meager things going for it:  the final,  hair-raising dinner scene (no pun intended); and the character Mason  Verger.  But these items themselves are not worth your 600-page perusal.  (They weren't worth mine, anyway.)If &quot;Hannibal&quot; were an  architectural structure, it would be a building half-destroyed by the  wrecking ball.  I find it extremely difficult to imagine any author working  years on this story.  I think Harris should retire from his profession, and  perhaps begin a French catering business.Certainly anytime one  entertains ideas or stories of 'Ultimate Evil,' important thoughts are  sprung to mind.  Hannibal Lecter is (OR WAS) a character that really makes  (MADE) us examine certain theodicies and the problem, the phenomenon, of  evil.  But Harris ran a magic realistic pen through his sketch of Dr.  Lecter, and made what had been a fine portrait of the Devil Incarnate into  a fuzzy, nonsensical image, that when turned upside-down looks like the  Easter Bunny with nasty fangs.I think William Styron's words regarding  evil are much more relevant:  "Real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren,  boring."  If you really want to study Evil, I would recommend reading, and  then contemplating, Styron's novel &quot;Sophie's Choice.&quot;After  reading Harris' &quot;Hannibal,&quot; I am convinced the author is only a  pulp populist capitalizing (or perhaps, cannibalizing) on society's  fascination with stylized grotesqueness.  But what does he care?  He has  enough money to buy all the truffles and super-charged Jaguars in the  world.(I hope Anthony Hopkins can somehow redeem Harris' mess in the  film version of the book!)
I have always considered Bill Clinton as the best communicator of our times. However I am really surprised by this plain and nave book, written by the person who ruled the world for eight long years. Bill Clinton ought to be more honest and personal than what he has been here. This is especially in contrast to the `Decision Points' by Bush, which I am reading now. Written as if by a high school student, the book is too bland and dull about even those events which caused great upheaval during his time in Oval office. There is nothing in the book which is already not in public domain.Considered to be one of the ablest presidents in US history, Bill Clinton is an exceptional person, who rose to the significance from nowhere. His father died while his mother was carrying him. He was raised by his grandparents in rural Arkansas. Still against all odds, he went to Oxford and Yale and eventually became most powerful person in the world; youngest by far. He must have quite a life.His book would have been a lot more inspiring to future generations, if he would have described himself and people around him in more open and colorful way. This would have given us a sight into inner space of one the greatest man of our age. Given his legendary grasp on legal and international affairs, this is especially true. However he chose to keep depiction in black and white, too matter-of-fact way, which makes this book not worth reading. A potentially great book sacrificed for Hilary's political career.My thumbs down for this one!!
I am gay and I even found the cavalier attitudes and descriptions of homosexual sex in this book vile and unnecessary. The author seems to lack real talent so has to sink low and shock his audience to keep their attention. The story begins randomly, never evolves or develops and goes nowhere. Some of the passages in this book will really leave a bad taste in your mouth.
**EDIT from 2008**I reread the novel and entirely changed my mind, and can barely believe I once wrote such a crappy, stupid review. Please entirely dismiss the following review: I had simply been a poor reader. Originally, I had given this book a single star, and I can't change it now, but I will write a new review for this and give it its due. All apologies for this horrid (old) review.-------------------------------------------------------------------------The original review, which shames me:"I know I don't share the general opinion on this novel. But the fact is that I not only read the book, I also studied it in a university class, so my opinion is not based solely on a shallow reading, but also with deepened analysis and studies. This of course does not make me omniscient on it, but here's my opinion: this book is as interesting to read as reading touristic handouts. It is deeply boring and it really is about nothing (call it Lost Generation if you wish). I honestly don't understand why this novel should be so praised. Not much happens and what happens happens in a boring way.Now, the bashing being done I want to say that there are other Hemingway books that are much worthier to read. I'd recommend "For Whom the Bell Tolls" any time rather than "The Sun Also Rises". I was fairly disappointed by "TSAR", even with knowledge of the iceberg theory and all the other things related to Ernest Hemingway; in my opinion this does not save the novel at all, barely makes it worthy of  scholar interest. Now maybe I am wrong about this novel, but I'm only giving you my impressions of it.Definitely not the classic it is said to be."
This was one of several books recommend by my Irish tour guide.  It was difficult, prodding reading.  I hung in there and learned some things.  Probably would be a good book for a sail boat fan and a very Irish guy.
It's about time someone broke the taboo against talking about this shocking and widespread problem.Mr. Crighton has other books coming down the pipeline which will tackle other controversial issues."Hell Night" - A beloved male basketball coach is raped after a game by the point guard of his high school girls' team.  When he attempts to bring charges, the whole town ostracizes him, bullying him until he considers suicide.  Pregnant and alone, he must choose between abortion and carrying his rapist's baby to term."A Dark Power" - In the hallowed halls of a Fortune 500 company, a black lesbian is permitted to rise to middle management.  She begins a reign of terror, subjecting all white straight males in the boardroom to ass-pinching and humiliation.Thank goodness we have a bold, important thinker like Crighton to ensure that these important stories are told, so we can weep for the victims of today's pluralistic society.
This book killed me.. somehow I never read it as a teenager or college student but it seemed alot of people read it and loved it.. so I wanted to finally find out what the book is all about... I swear to god I'm a madman when it comes to stuff like this... well, anyway, it's definitely not great literature, that's the first thing i discovered.. and he writes with this phony pseudo alienated-but-artistic-youth style that makes you pretty much wanna throw up.. and he makes references to famous writers and stuff to let you know you are not dealing with some moron... so, the question is: why was this book a cult classic.. i can only guess that if I read it in high school I might have reacted differently.. it's what they call 'juvenile literature'... you can't view it as a general artistic work, it is age specific... as an angst ridden teenager I might very well have identified with the main character and all he was going through... that's why i gave it two stars... there is also a good chapter towards the end of the book where the main character crashes in the apartment of a former teacher who points out to him that he is on a path of destruction and gives him some good advice.. i liked that chapter and the surprise twist at its end... but as a literary work I found it very depressing.. i had to force myself to read it...
Seldom has a book fallen so far short of the philosophy it espouses.  Save your time and your money by reading another book on coaching."C.O.A.C.H." is the acronym that encompasses this book's brief content (probably less than 15,000 words):C is for conviction ("Have a common vision and everyone will begin to move in the same direction."  "Beliefs come true."  " . . . a good coach provides the direction and concentration for performers' energies . . . ."  "If you don't seek perfection, you can never reach excellence."  "Lacking something to uplift their hearts when difficulties arise, their minds will not be equal to the task.")O is for overlearning (" . . . get overprepared and help your people do the same."  "Perfection happens only when the mechanics are automatic."  "People generally respond well to leaders who have high expectations and genuine confidence in them.").A is for audible-ready ("Prepare well with a plan -- then expect the unexpected and be ready to change that plan."  "Audibles are . . . strategies your team knows about and has practiced thoroughly . . . .").C is for consistency ("Respond predictably to performance."  " . . . use redirect and praising more."  "Mistakes cannot be tolerated.").H is for honesty ("unquestionable integrity"  "genuine and sincere"  "Never ask your people to do more than you are willing to do."  " . . . genuine faith [in God] is eminently practical.").As a summary:  "Who believed in you?"  "How do you create that spark of self-recognition in others?"  "It's about your believing in someone."  "And then doing whatever it takes to help that person to his or her very best.")The book itself offers little more than aphorisms.  There are a few football examples.  There are even fewer business examples.  Examples from other contexts are almost nonexistent.  This book would have been better with exercises for readers, questions to answer, and more relevant examples.Personally, I disagree with the point that perfection should be the vision.  Perfection could be a useful goal for an empowering vision, such as the one that the Salvation Army has.The main benefit I got from the book was thinking through the way that companies fail to prepare for predictable alterations in circumstances, in the way that football teams do with audibles.  Using scenarios to think through the future is relatively new to all but a few organizations.  Clearly, this major lack will continue to harm organizations in the increasingly volatile social and economic climate of today.If you have read The One Minute Manager and have seen and heard a top coach in action, you can skip this book.Provide an example that others can easily understand and follow!
The book was  back and forth and kept me confused as to who was who.  I could not finish it.
this was for my English class and it written in I think 3rd person and is awful. its ok if you can read between the lines and understand the issues of the people in the book.
Really a slow moving book and it is also written in Australia I believe. Quit after 150 pages. Really a slow moving book.
To be fair, Atomised has some very brilliant, thought-provoking ideas- however, I am not into smut, which this book seems to have a cornucopia of... In between the brilliance was too much vulgarity, shallowness, sexual addiction, pedophilia, desire for incest, extreme hazing, extreme depression, dysfunctional personalities, and suicide... I suppose one could argue that `this is life,' but my response to that would be- can't one save the money by watching the news and getting the same story  versus shelling out hard-earned cash for this book? Oh, and for those of us who read Asimov's final Foundation book, the Atomised epilogue was the least impressive part...reinventing the human race...been there done that book-wise. I suppose Atomised has some interesting statements to make about the time in which it was written, but winner of the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award? I just don't see it.
Just does not have the intangibles that grab you and make the book compelling. This is Harry Hole Light.there is not much soul to this novel.maybe a ghost writer was involved?
This is outdated over intellectualized navel-gazing.  I never enjoyed reading these novels that are a Gordian knot of introspection.
First, it must be said that the Schaum Outline series provides an inexpensive way for students to get more practice and check their answers. In general, I recommend these texts. That said, I used this as a supplement to a DE class I taught and it was such a pain. The notation is nonstandard, symbols for Bessel functions are downright wrong and things like this. The application exercises were more focused on converting from English units to SI units than on the variety of application problems. To add to the fun, the cgs system is also thrown into the mix. Granted, engineers and the like need to be able to switch, but that's not the point of a DE class. It is nice to have sections on the Laplace transform and first-order systems and most exercises are ok, if repetitive. Students will have to work hard to keep the notation straight and not confuse themselves. I wouldn't use this in another class.
Several times I have tried to read this book and just couldn't focus.  I know, I am supposed to read it and like it.  But it sure missed it's mark with me.I recall nothing of my youth that even resembled this.  Nor anyone I knew resembled this.To me, this book is pretty much some 60 year old lady's view of what she'd have thougth a teenage boy's life was like.Anyway, what a waste of my time forcing this down much like having to eat brussel sprouts as a kid (as a matter of fact that's closer to most kid's youth than this book)
Don't know why this is here as I never purchased this item.
I only read &quot;Loving,&quot; but let me tell you, that book is the worst.  Every fundamental rule of writing is broken is this &quot;book.&quot; Yuck! I mean, the last line of the book is really &quot;and they lived happily ever after.&quot; Puh-leeze!
The book tended towards rants against organized religion, and the author's persistent use of emotionally charged verbiage revealed quite a negative bias. It is unfortunate as there are a plethora of examples the author could have used to make his points, which in a few cases were worthy of note. Overall not worth the effort or the price.
Ok book.  Nothing exactly incorrect in it, or that I outright disagree with (if in a generous spirited kind of mood)...but nothing particularly interesting in it either - just mostly common knowledge/sense about selling anything that most people probably already know even without any sales experience...The style, however, was quite offputting - very weak attempts at humour occasionally, and a little bit cheap (in spirit) sounding...Jeffrey Gitomer (my first experience of him) came across a bit like a trumped up used car salesman who was more impressed with his own knowledge than he ought to be (perhaps due to being a small fish in an even smaller pond in his life?)Hence disappointing, as I was hoping to learn something new and exciting based on some of the previous reviews & the synopsis.  To be honest, I would have returned it for a refund, if it wasn't so cheap - so it hardly seemed worth the trouble to fill out the return form make a trip to the post office.  I'll give it away to someone who's got kids 12 or under, as at that age they may get something out of it (if they care).
a very long accounting, too much kinky sex.i did find the history quite interesting, alto i did skip my passages.i was recommended to read aztec...we shall see.certainly was a violent era, although not surprising.  jennings did do alot of research&iexcl;MARCO&iquest;&iquest;&iquest;&iquest;  POLO&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;
This MAY BE the end-all, be-all book for digital photography.  Certainly it comes highly recommended.  The authors most definitely know their stuff, and probably generously lay it out for the rest of us who aspire to their abilities.  However, unless subsequent printings remedy the situation, I will never know.  While fanning through the pages to get an idea of some of the content, almost immediately I became discouraged with the pale gray typeface in the captions.  My eyes aren't what they used to be, and I really don't feel like struggling with such a silly, illogical choice of print.  That said, what I did glean seemed to be a rehash of numerous other (legible) books.  I think I'll stick to the volumes I already have in my library.
The Pacemaker Classics edition is "abridged and adpated"--I'd guess the word count is maybe 15% of the actual novel! It doesn't actually say that anywhere on the front or back cover, or on the Amazon page. Instead, the page links to copies and reviews of the full novel, as if it's just another edition.
Diana Gabaldon is touted as another Daphne duMaurier, (Rebecca, Jamaica Inn, House on the Strand, Frenchman's Creek, My Cousin Rachel) and Mary Stewart, (Touch not the Cat, the Merlin Series). Since I have read all their books, I was looking for a comparable author. So I 'bought' the advertising. Wrong move on my part. While Gabaldon is a fascinating story teller, i agree with previous reviews that the transition and acclamation  to the 18th century is far too easy for main character, Claire. And while I like Jaime, he comes off sometimes as just a big 'moose.' I am a historical fiction fan and I do like the history demonstrated and her use of the Scottish lilt in dialogue.Stewart's and duMaurier's style, when it came to romance, demonstrated the longing. In there  lies the love and desire; the wanting that is  present; the imagination that charges the the air with electricity. Unfortunately, Gabaldon serves up the sex to satisfy those of us who need immediate gratification; sort of a 'happy meal.' I guess I just like a slow roast...
This is one of those great American novels I've known the title of for 20+ years, but never known anything about other than it won the Pulitzer, and some people love it, and it's supposed to be funny. I had no idea of the whole strange backstory of its author and route to publication (which is apparently well detailed inButterfly in the Typewriter). When looking for a new audiobook to listen to, I thought I'd give it a whirl to see what the fuss is about.About the best thing I can say about it is that there is some striking language. Beyond that, well, it's just not my cup of tea. Written in the mid-1960s, the book sets out to be a kind of larger-than-life social satire. It's set in New Orleans and features as protagonist, Ignatius Riley, an obese, unemployed 30-year-old with zero social skills, who still lives at home with his mother. I guess he's meant as a parody of a certain type of overeducated layabout who masks their selfishness with a kind of aggressively strident victimhood. Riley's in the vein of Falstaff or Quixote, acting as a chaotic catalyst on those who come into his orbit -- but painted in very broad and loud tones, lacking any subtlety or nuance. In other words, a little bit goes a long way.And I suppose that's the main flaw in the book for me -- Riley's misadventures are certainly very colorful, but his approach to them gets old quick. Similarly, each and every character is equally over the top and cartoonish, so there's not really any room for contrast. It's kind of the same reaction I had to Marx Brothers films -- I can appreciate individual moments in isolation, but seeing them all together for an extended period makes me feel bludgeoned. I did end up listening to the entire thing to see if the series of episodes ever led to anything (the book ends appropriately, but inconclusively)
This is a book that tells you what to do but not how to do it! Two paragraphs on scene and no mention of sequel doesn't cut it. I think this was written to give himself a tax write off because it doesn't appear to do anything else.
This is far-left tripe written by a baby-boomer who beats the drum for the far-left democratic agenda with the expectation that Obama will save us all.  If you already believe that, the book will not do much for you anyway, since so many of the supposed facts are bogus and the author sacrifices a few of the worst Democrats in an obscene attempt at impartiality.  Although I received this book free under the Vine program, it still was costly to read such garbage to write a review.  If there was a way to return it and not have to write a review, I would have done that.There are five central themes: (1) Most Americans can't afford to retire (so the Feds must force employers to install pensions or 401K plane with a 9-10% cost-free contribution of the employee's earnings); (2) Americans can't figure out how to borrow for a house (& need the Feds to tell them); (3) Americans can't afford college (so it needs to be a free benefit from the Federal Government);(4) credit card debt is bad, so the Feds need make new laws to protect credit card users from those nasty banks; and (5) we need campaign reform eliminating business lobbies and only allowing far-left groups, unions (like the SEIU), and groups of citizens organized by the far-left ([...]).  For all these things we need to back Obama to the hilt so he can "transform the country."  As the author states, she is confident we will.There are so many points that are propaganda and "way out there" that I don't know where to begin.  The author builds her case that Americans (I guess she means baby-boomers like herself) can't accrue enough money for retirement while working.  Perhaps one should consider saving one's money instead of making a bunch of worthless purchases for items like I-Pods, $300.00 gym shoes, BMWs, and all the rest of the things some evidently find necessary.  The author contends that employers should be forced to set up pension/401K plans wherein they contribute at least 9% of the employee's earnings to the fund.  Gee, between Social Security and Medicare, employers already contribute 15.4%, or does the author not understand the ramifications of social security or the self-employment tax.  She also wants the money in the "Social Security Trust Fund" put into stocks so it can appreciate faster than it does as a government IOU.  Unfortunately, she evidently doesn't understand that every penny of that money is spent every year by the Federal Government.  If it went into stocks, the Federal Government would collapse within a few months.  Actually, the individual should take responsibility and save for his future, a concept apparently too difficult for many to understand.The author also advises individuals to invest mostly in stocks, putting money in as soon as it's available without rgards to timing.  She states, "On average, you will double your money every seven or eight years."  Wow.  Do the math.  With a thousand dollars in stocks in 1970, at her low rate you'd now have $30,000 or $50,000 at the high rate.  But the market is at 10,000 now as compared to around 1,000 in 1970.  How does one do three to five times better than the market?The mortgage mess was, of course, all the fault of the bankers.  But have hope, Barney Frank and other reformers will be correcting the situation in the future.  Barney Frank may be lots of things, but I've never heard him accused of being a reformer.  The author also gives Roosevelt's initiative in creating the FDIC credit for ending the depression, something no responsible scholar would do.  But of course, Phil Gramm and other nasty Republicans destroyed all of that.  The good news is that Omama is working with a little group of gutsy reform-minded Senators, including Carl Levin, Byron Dorgan, Dianne Feinstein, Jim Webb, Bernie Sanders and Maria Cantwell, all Democrats, of course, to correct everything.The author also lists her recommendations for the best places to live -- based strictly on a yuppie-oriented criteria for quality of life, I guess to add bulk to her book.  Somehow the idea of taking a vacation to visit relatives is lost in the quest of the best vacation spots for one to enjoy himself (at a cost he can't afford.)  She also stresses that a college education (or some other post-high school work) is now a necessity.  I beg to differ.  The problem is that high schools provide an extremely low standard of education, so that most students must take remedial courses even for community colleges.  On top of that, colleges add precious little to an education, again by having low standards and grade inflation.  The Protestant work ethic has gone to China and India, and none of Obama's vaunted ideas of change address that problem.  I guess the trial lawyers don't want that to change.Rather that having parents save in preparation for sending their children to college, the author blandly states that almost everyone will have to borrow to send themselves through college.  Obviously she is fixated on the Ivy League rather than state universities, many of which provide an education equal or better than that of Harvard and the big name schools.  Besides, a middle-class American male from a religious, conservative background has absolutely no chance of getting into Harvard, even if he is his high school's valedictorian and scored a perfect 1600 on the SATs.  So why are we talking about that?  $10,000 per year will definitely see a student through a reasonably good state school.  But the point is, where are the parents?  Why are there no savings?  I think there are -- the author just doesn't know it.  So she wants the government to give students (particularly "the deserving poor"), loans directly as a forerunner to free college for all.The author saves her greatest condemnation for the corporations who are buying Congress and not giving their workers a fair share.  She lauds the unions as having been instrumental in forming the middle class, and wants the corporations and rich people to pay for almost everything.  OK, so the unions are wonderful.  They now own General Motors after Americans working for $26.00 per hour bailed out the UAW whose workers earn $68.00 per hour.  And I laughed out load when the author said, "SEIU President Andy Stein experienced similar culture shock in 2002 when his plane landed in Beijing for a meeting with union executives."  He had to go to China for that?  Communist China doesn't have any union as we know them.  Sounds like a boondoggle to me.  She quotes Fareed Zakaria, editor of the far-left Newsweek International, on what is wrong with America compared with China and India, and demands that immigration not be limited, especially for skilled workers.  Somehow the idea of the competitive market has no place in this polemic.There really are severe limitations here in this work.  It seems to have been entirely constructed from internet sources using Google.  Unfortunately, many are just wrong.  Keynesian economics is lauded without a nod to the better model from the Austrian School, and how competition works is apparently unknown.  But the worst is the inherent denial of individual responsibility and the necessity of a nanny state to take care of Americans, who are apparently too stupid or too caught up in purchasing and self-adsorption to provide for their families and themselves.  The author even puts in a serious plug for Card-Check (of course she doesn't call it that), saying the elimination of a secret ballot will keep corporations from intimidating workers from voting for the union.  How about the secret ballot protecting workers who are against the union from union organizers?  Again, this is political propaganda rather that useful information.The only thing one can learn from this work is how the left fails to understand the American people, their work ethic and their culture.  It exposes the lunacy of the far-left where the answer for everything is another government program.  When reading this book, which I do not recommend, one should remind himself whether college was more affordable beyore the government got involved, if people lived better in retirement within their families before the government got involved, and if we're really happier now that the government gives us all this "free" stuff.  My family moved nine times and lived in seven states before I finished high school, so mobility is definitely an option (contrary to the author's indications.)  My family put me through college, I put my son through college, and I saved enough for my own retirement (which I am now in.)  The angst of the baby-boomer generation as represented by this book simply was banished through prudent saving, money-management, and living within one's means.  If one doesn't want to do that, they should not look to my tax dollars to provide for them.  In a sentence, they didn't do without, so now I don't believe it's my duty to do without again to provide them with the quality of life they desire.  I recommend that everyone try saving and living within one's means, but as far as buying this book is concerned, no.
Dr. Shlain may have credentials to work as a neurosurgeon but he is totally unqualified and intellectually unfit to talk on the subject matters he holds dear to heart.The idea that IMAGE disappeared when the ALPHABET was born is so ridiculous that it would take the hubris of a materialist to make such a claim.The major arguments I have with Dr. Shlain thesis is that:The first argument I have with Dr. Shlain thesis and the most important one is that he failed miserable to factoring into his thesis the ESOTERIC SCIENCE, which is a sophisticated scientific system of mathematics and linguistics coded to antiquity's literature around the world.  The image never when anywhere because when the literature of antiquity was written the mathematical and grammatical sciences, which uses a great deal of graphics and imagery, is coded into that literature.  From the surface of the text nothing of the mathematics or graphics are seen.  But when the actual textual material is analyzed mathematically and grammatical the graphics and imagery show themselves.  Because of this sophisticated esoteric science embedded into the world's literature in antiquity Dr. Shlain thesis is fiction: it is a bed time story dreamt up by a day dreamer.Dr. Shlain believes his thesis is self-evident and that is quite true if the esoteric science is not factored into his work.  But the moment it is factor in Dr. Shlain thesis evaporate into a puff of smoke.  From a materialist's point of view the text is what it is on the surface.  It can not be believed, by the average person in society, that the amount of words in a designated piece of literature are counted in a verse and chapter and volume to create sophistical mathematical patterns to augment the surface mythology.  Why can not the text be plainly written is the question of the materialist and the answer is that human language is a poor medium and communicator of spiritual and abstract ideas.  It takes the combination of words and image (via mathematics) to bring out the nuances that the surface texts can never envisage.The second argument I have is that Dr. Shlain is an admitted evolutionist, which throws up red flags from the outset.  People that associates themselves with such blackguards should be taken with a grain of salt.  I call evolutionists blackguards because they in the past have committed outright fraud, murder, and interfered in indigenous native cultures to prove their theories and then they wrote books on the foundation of these antics.  Evolutionists have absolutely no proof of their hypothesis.  One of the most recent works that challenges the world's leading evolutionists, which are responsible for having educated the last three generations of anthropologists and evolutionists was written by an investigative journalist Patrick Tierney: "DARKNESS IN ELDORADO.  The so-called scientists' works that trained Dr. Shlain's generation into their evolutionary mumbo jumbo have literally committed untold murders and interfered with indigenous native cultures to justify their work in anthropology and evolutionary theories. This is the crowd that Dr. Shlain claims to be a member of and wishes to be associated with.  Now I am not saying all evolutionists are murderers or people that interfere in native cultures but those anthropologists and evolutionists that wrote those books based upon murdering innocent indigenous natives of South America are the present day evolutionists' mentors.  An evolutionist has to work ten thousand times harder to be accepted in decent society over any other science on earth because of their mentors past indiscretions, which go back to a number of frauds to the beginning of the twentieth century.Dr. Shlain needs to come out of his cocoon of materialism and embrace the abstract teachings of the esoteric science.
All my friends are reading Nesbo this year.  They loved Stieg Larsson so much I think it may have dulled their senses.  I just couldn't get into this book.  A girl has been killed - wow, hardly ever see THAT in a thriller - it's taking FOREVER to get clues about her death.  Meanwhile Harry has a little dalliance with the first, or maybe only Nordic girl he's met in Austrailia (or is it South Africa? I can't even remember).  By now I'm snoring....  Where is the fast paced, page-turning excitement of Larsson?  Or the sensitive insight of T. Jeff Parker?  Or the wild ride Lee Childs gives you?  They're wherever the clues are to this boring murder mystery.I may, just MAY, mind you, give this guy another chance.  Maybe in this first Harry Hole book (and how do you pronounce that?HOLE?  HOU-LAY?) he hadn't yet hit his stride.  But this one, in the end, I just couldn't read.  Sorry.
While I'm not an expert on the Human Genome or human genetics, I am capable of recognizing good technical writing, and I am sorry to say that this "book" needs some major editing and re-writing.  It is much more a compilation of research studies in genetics and gene-related disease, than it is an insightful book covering the issues.Anyone can cite various research studies and use highly technical jargon, but relatively few genetics experts seem able to translate current research and ideas  into useful book form. I believe that this volume needs much more work with respect to its overall design and usefulness, and it definitely needs major editing (not just "proofreading").  The author may be an expert in her field, but her writing leaves much to be desired, in my opinion.
If you're using this book for a college class (as I was), be sure to buy the paperwork version. Content (persona scenarios, for example) are missing from the ebook version. I tried the ebook from both Google and Amazon, and the content was visible in Google's online ebook viewer, but it was not visible in the downloadable version, and the same was true for Amazon.
I'm not sure what I expected, but I vaguely remember James Frey, author of "A Million Little Pieces" saying this was one of his top five reads; I couldn't believe it!  I must confess that my mother and I (she's a young 83, I'm 48) have created our own little "Book Club" that is bi-coastal - it gives us one more thing to talk about when we chat on the phone.  At least she finished it; disappointed!  Every time I picked it up it seemed to wander aimlesslesly from one subject to the other, without much regard to the pace.  I felt I was constantly on siesta!  From now on we're sticking to the classics - this felt utterly pointless.
This "book" is not a book at all but only part of a book. "Made to Stick (Introduction and Index): Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die (Kindle Edition)" is what it says, only the Introduction and index and serves merely as a tool to get you to buy the book in serial chapter format at about 2.39 each. {$2.37 * 7(free intro, 6 chapters and an epilogue)=$16.73}So you see, if you want to buy the book, it would be cheaper to just buy the whole thing (Kindle version)for 9.99 from here.
This book is NOTHING like &quot;DaVinci Code&quot;  or &quot;Flander's Panel.&quot;  It is not even really a mystery- - -more of a coming-of-age story at Princeton U.  I am so glad I didn't waste money on this and borrowed it from the library.  Either borrow it or bypass it altogether.  Not much really happens in it.
What a disappointment. I loved Harris' earlier books and was very much looking forward to this one. I read half the book and couldn't make myself keep picking it up.Harris had two fascinating characters to work with  and blew it.
Yet another formulaic entry from a commercial publisher of Barone's series that should have been abandoned. Yes, this time the author did do some research; is that so remarkable? Should stars be awarded for the third telling finally not being full of anachronisms -- see reviews of the prior two works in this "series".This work still ignores the body of ancient literature from the Mideast that could have used to good effect. Barone relies on swords-and-sandals plotting and having a sex scene every X pages to carry it all through to the end. There is little meat here, but that is what happens when one is too anxious to Grab And Startle.There are other, deserving new titles set in ancient times which show effort by the authors to ground the story in both fact and existing literature, for example, Noah's Wife, J: The Woman Who Wrote The Bible, and Bending The Boyne;  and which have won awards in historical fiction.
Don't waste your time reading this tripe. I suggest you try Wind Up Bird Chronicle, which is quite a decent, if rather twisted, read, then give up on Murakami completely.
Take Lemony Snicket  seriously when he says don't read it!People can write just about any ridiculous thing and call it a children's book.Don't let your kids read this mind rotting dribble.If fish were in your shoes they would suffocate.I see no virtue in repeating a bad formula over and over again.This book is more dismal and less imaginative than the last terrible oneand the pictures aren't even as good.
I guess when the economy is in the dumps and everyone's stock portfolio is taking hit after hit, you can write pretty much anything you want about trading and investing and somebody will publish it. Best I can tell what Mr. Martin is saying is, it doesn't matter what you trade, how much you trade, when you trade, or whether your trade makes money or loses money, it's really all about whether you meditated that day or not. Good thing, too, as Mr. Martin can't even add and multiply, probably not a good thing for a money manager. (He quotes Gladwell'sOutliers: The Story of Successas introducing the concept of becoming an expert in 10,000 hours, then proceeds to say it takes eight years of 50-hour weeks for 50 weeks a year to reach that level. Hey, Mike: FOUR years times 2500 hours equals 10,000, baby!) There's a chapter called Emotional Blind Spots that is all about the rogue traders of the last ten or fifteen years. (No, I didn't get it, either.) There's a chapter about being a "black box", whatever that is, and there are a lot of book reports about a lot of the books his friends have written. Here's another doozy: "Self reliance, judgment, courage, prudence. None is a technical indicator; all are personal characteristics." Well that clears that up, then. I give the book two stars because I agree that understanding, expressing, and controlling one's emotions is important in all aspects of life, including trading and investments. But if you plan to start trading after reading only this book, you can save time by just flushing your money down the toilet. (For a better look at trading, including the psychological and emotional aspects, read Anne-Marie Baiynd'sThe Trading Book: A Complete Solution to Mastering Technical Systems and Trading Psychology.)
The concept of this book intrigued me: analysis of the first really postmodern president America had, a man who was known for scanning the polls before he had an opinion on any issue, and a candidate whose success was made possible by computer analysis of voter opinion. However, the work itself is quite tedious. There is not enough analysis of characters, and too many scenes explaining the political process. There is too much emphasis on the development of a plot that's tangential to the study of tehse characters, and there is not enough room given to them so that, in breathing, they might exhale what we can then diagnose. I didn't understand why so much emphasis was placed on the narrator, either, since his role was not central. While I read this book without political bias, I was not blown away by its quality as a read or a political novel, but the insight into a certain president's character, and how that made him a success, was intriguing. Not sure if I'd recommend it to anyone except historians at this point.
I rarely every stop reading a book.  I slog through them because I feel committed.  This book made me want to not only stop reading but give up on fantasy.  I've read the Arthurian Legends in their many incarnations and wanted a feminine point of view.  The story could never get through the agenda of how terrible Christians were.  When in the beginning nuns were discribed as the "slaves" of priests I knew it was going to be bad.  The reality was that the convent was female world where women promoted learning and controlled their lives, especially in remote parts of Britain.  Then there were the historical inacuracies.  When reading a blending of history and fantasy I give a lot of room for playing with facts, but some were so bad they made me scream.  It made Dan Brown look like a rigid, fact geek.
Let me preface my review by stating that this is my first Kathy Reichs book.  It will most likely be my last.  I felt as though I was reading a CSI book written by Tom Clancy - way too technical.  However, that may be the audience for which she is writing.The first 2/3rds of the book was dull, slow, boring and disconnected.  As Ms. Reichs builds to the climatic end, I felt as though it suddenly jumped to 120 mph which did not lend itself the ability for the reader to get a mind picture of what was happening.If you like technical writings (sometimes even in foreign languages), this is the book for you.  If you are looking for an entertaining mystery to read, I would suggest you look else where.
The White Hotel is a great book.  Unfortunately, after its release, researchers found that D.M. Thomas lifted passages from the work of other writers.  His career never recovered.  Can we forgive this if the book is still superb?  As a writer, I emphatically say no. Plagerism is the great sin of writers.  The idea that there is no such thing as plagerism, a notion put forth by the now dated "theorists," must be dismissed.  If you make use of another writer's work, you must give that writer credit. Otherwise, don't use it.Richard Cummings
This book liked to kill me.  So slow and without suspense.  A real let down.  Don't waste your time.
I thought it was going to give me the terminology for groups of different animals but it got stuck with The Birds! My Bad! :|
I have read Robert Freeman's books on oracle9i and Rman. Bothare real classics. I was expecting the 10g book in the same league. I must say that this book is not up to the mark. It skims through lot of topics and does not give good examples. After completing book, It does not give any lasting impression. Just Stick with Oracle online documentation and save Money.
Wow, how one can give this book even one star is beyond me, but because Amazon doesn't give a zero star option, I'm afraid I'm stuck with one. About the book, don't bother. The author is so adept at her subject matter that she's likely to turn you off before you even open the cover. As for me, I found the book unreadable. Lightweight but heavy handed, blowhard where her simplistic thoughts called for breezy, and ultimately just plain annoying. This book is a pleasure to toss in the trash but far more gratifying to return for a refund. I later heard the author being interviewed on a talk show and it all became crystal clear -- her manner of speaking is the very definition of rude. She is abrasive, annoying, self righteous and I'm quite sure that she assumes that everything she does is fine -- it's just those several billion other people out there who are rude. Don't waste your time.
Starts out with a harrowing, interesting multiple murder. However, the book quickly collapses under the weight of predictability and lack of believable motive.  Blah.
I was heavy with anticipation when I picked up this book: I have never read a fictionalized account of Mary Cassatt's works before, so I had no idea what to expect. As soon as I read the author's note before the work itself began, I felt let down. Sure, Harriet Scott Chessman may be brilliant (After all, she does teach at YALE, or so the about the author on the back flap of the book emphasizes) but I felt nothing of that brilliance in her work. Her main character, Lydia Cassatt, Mary Cassatt's older sister, was as lifeless and indistinct as a piece of lettuce. I understand that not all women from that era were willing to break out of societal bounds, but the least Chessman could have done was find (or create: after all, this is supposed to be a work of fiction) a little quirk that sets Lydia apart from the many colourless women written about at the time. Chessman was also unable to paint a clear picture of what the Cassatt's family life in the United States looked like. She said the Cassatts moved from house to house, but there wasn't ever a reason why explained, or a feeling unique to each place the Cassatts lived. Lydia and Mary's other siblings are mentioned a bit, but Chessman doesn't integrate them fully enough for the reader to have a clear picture of them, or even to remember which is which if the book is read over a long period of time.Final Verdict: Thank goodness it was short. More of my life could have been wasted. Also, just because you're smart doesn't mean you're a good writer. Period.
I am reading the Rabbit series nearly in backwards order.  I began with the third book, Rabbit Is Rich, and liked it so much that I picked up the book on Amazon that includes all four in the series.  Curious about how it all ends, the next one I read was Rabbit At Rest, the final book.  It is excellent, and the ending is very emotional and powerful.  I then decided to read book 2, this one.  Midway into it, I couldn't believe how bad it was.To put my reaction into a sort of context, I walked out of the movie Leaving Las Vegas, or whatever it was called, because it was simply too morbid for me.  These sad sack addictive personalities drive me nuts.  I can't sit there and watch them destroy themselves.  I'd greatly prefer that they killed themselves quickly and left me alone.  I do not enjoy wallowing in garbage.  I do not sympathize with self destructive morons.  I can't help them, and I don't want to suffer with them.This book features a weak young girl named Jill who allows herself to be destroyed by a nut case named Skeeter.  Skeeter has some very valid points to make about American history, but he's not much of a house guest.  I can't say I learned anything of value from Jill or Skeeter, so their sad sack story, their viciously morbid story, is pointless to me.  Why suffer through it.Rabbit just lets things happen to him and to the people around him.  For a few moments he wakes up and exerts himself.  He objects to Jill turning his son into a lying beggar on the street, and he goes so far as to smack her around.  Then why doesn't he object to Skeeter turning Jill into a pathetic junkie?  That seems quite a bit more serious.  What is wrong with this idiot?Another problem in the book is that Rabbit's wife Janice leaves her lover at the end, for no reason I can see.  Her reason seems to be that the author told her to, after making it clear that she loves him desperately.Judging from the more mature work, Rabbit At Rest, I thought John Updike was among the great writers of all time.  Judging from this garbage, Rabbit Redux, I have modified my view.  All I can do is shake my head and say to the author - what got into you?
I  found my first read of Patrick White very heavy going.  In fact I barely got half way through it.  They made a movie out of this book and even that flopped (in my opinion).  Very dark deep and extremely profound with these awful characters that I found difficult to understand.  If this is Patrick White, thanks but no thanks.
This book is entirly to sad.  I really enjoyed the style of writing, also the plot, story line, character development.  But it is entirely to depressing.  I want gritty reality, but I don't want to have to take prozac afterward.  When I started crying on the treadmill, I knew it was time to quit.
I love historic fiction, and this one came highly recommended... but there is just too much lust and battling to keep me engaged.  It read like a cheap dime store paperback after a while...
Jesus is a buddhist. Yawn. I suppose this was revolutionary in the  seventies but it is just a silly &quot;mind expanding&quot; tome today. An  airplane mechanic runs around giving gems of wisdom such as virtue is  imagination, and gets stoned for it. Very easy read and if you are ten it  is a good religious book, but it's about as deep as the Celestine Prophecy.
I was so excited by the premise of this novel that I had trouble waiting until Christmas had passed to buy it. Unfortunately, it read like a lump of coal.I have to agree with other reviewers who panned this one for lack  of depth, mechanical story elements, weak characterization, and a sense of  impending Hollywood.If you are looking for a good Crichton read, try  Airframe or Sphere. Don't bother with this silly book.
This was written by THAT John Grisham? I can't believe it. At first the story was compelling though I felt it might be doomed from the start since the main characters are named Krank. The Kranks never have the strength of their convictions, never make the case that not only do they have the right to "drop out" of the holidays but that it's not such a bad idea. Instead, they hide behind the curtains, lurk in the dark and bite their nails when confronted by the holiday fascists who are their neighbors. Let's not talk about the moronic plot twist -- their daughter shows up Christmas Eve shattering their plans. Not her fault, they were spineless from the get go so why be surprised they give up their own dreams and scramble to get back into the mayhem of the season. Is there really a lesson here?  Stupid people can have a decent thought but will inevitably cave? No surprise the first thing the Kranks want to know about their daughter's fiance was how dark he was. "He wasn't dark at all!!!" Whew! So they're spineless AND racist! I looked hard but couldn't find any irony in this story. Not sure it would have helped. I'm only glad it was a short read. But the sour taste will take a while to forget.
Life is tough. It takes thought, consideration, deliberation. What is worth striving for other than a centered authenticity?I'm pretty sure human beings can adapt to almost anything, and this book will encourage you. Do you need that sort of encouragement?
This book contains sound advice and concrete steps that, if followed properly, will help enhance and improve your self-image. According to the founder of Psycho-Cybernetics, Maltz Maxwell, the concept of self-image is irrefutably the most important aspect of our lives; once we have gained a positive self-image we will feel much better both mentally and physically. Thus, self-image is crucial to maintaining mental and physical health. Maxwell goes even farther holding that whether or not we succeed in our professional life depends to a great extent on how we view ourselves. Having a positive self-image makes it much easier to achieve our goals. One way to improve our self-image is to revise our thinking and to stop focusing on negative events. Also, the way we think about the aversive events in our life must change, it is imperative that we do not dwell on them. Instead of allowing these events to impair our self-image, we should act on them by actively finding adequate solutions. More importantly, the events to which we have no immediate solutions or over which we have no control should be completely ignored. Another important point made in this book is that we can control our emotional responses and this is an extremely powerful tool. Subsequently, we can decide how we want to feel or what we wish to think, according to Maltz.The basic principle of Psycho-Cybernetics is actually quite simple: what you think in your conscious mind eventually becomes automatized in your subconscious mind. This means that if you decide that you believe in yourself and that you control your own life, these beliefs will soon be stored in your subconscious mind. An analogy is appropriate here: when learning to drive a car, initially you have to coordinate a number of different steps. As practice makes perfect, gradually these steps become automatized and you will no longer need to consciously monitor every step in order to drive. This is a crucial process because once your positive self-image becomes an inherent part of your subconscious mind then the process will be complete.While this book is interesting and many techniques found in it are useful, there are shortcomings. First, it is common sense that positive self-esteem and self-image play a pivotal role in every individual's life. We all know that optimistic thinking promotes not only mental but also physical health. Moreover, techniques outlined in this book do not constitute anything new or revolutionary; people already know that they must challange their false beliefs and replace them with new ones. Like all other self-help books, even this one tends to be simplistic, repetitive and occasionally tedious.Psychologists have long known that human behavior is dynamic, unpredictable and extremely complex. To explain why we think the way we do in one book is impossible. Most authors of self-help books tend to downplay the significance of highly important factors such as childhood in shaping an individual's personality. Even those vaguely familiar with psychology know that a cognitive theory (the one on which all self-help books are based) has serious drawbacks. Thus, in order to fully understand how self-esteem works we must take an integrated approach, the one involving the findings of cognitive, behaviorist, psycho-analytical and biological theories. Failure to interweave these theories will inevitably result in simplistic and flawed analyses. Simply telling someone to be optimistic will prove insufficient in the long run.Popular psychology, I like to call it sensationalist, frequently promises fast results with no or little effort but almost always offers seriously flawed and superficial analyses. One final comment: whenever you come across a title of the book that sounds too good to be true, then skip it. Despite its oversimplified analysis, Psycho-Cybernetics does however provide an insight into the immense importance of self-esteem/self-image in every person's life. Please note that it is not my intent to discourage you from purchasing this book. On the contrary, it is always best to read it and decide for yourself.
This is the same old same old thing nothing new about the book
If you already own 22 immutable laws of marketing then this is really a relabelled book with the same exact information.
One doesn't need appetite suppresents when thinking of the protagonist of this lugubrious overwritten dirge.  I couldn't help but wonder if the dunces referred only to the characters in the novel, or to those who paid for it as well.There is no beauty, insight, meaning or reason for this book. Avoid.  Unless you crave the grotesque.
I hated reading this book.  The suffering that America and Candido endured and the lengths they went to in order to survive were just too much.  There are truths in every part of it but the fact that everything bad that could could possibly go wrong did, after awhile served to almost desensitize me to their plight.  And, of course,the yuppie couple with their materialistic problems were so despicably insensitive they were just as hard to take.  I am sure the author went to such extremes to make an important point.  There has been some change in the treatment of immigrants by the state of CA since this book was written and it would be nice to think that this book was a catalyst for change.  If you feel you need a reminder on what constitutes moral behavior and what does not, then read this book.  That to me is the only reason to read it...it is just too painful from beginning to end.
This book is in three parts. In the first part tells we meet Miyax on the Arctic tundra after running away from her marriage. We find that she is only thirteen years old, and is going to meet a friend in San Francisco. Miyax has run out of provisions for her trip, and realizes that she is lost. She decides to join a wolf pack to survive, so she studies their behavior and imitates it. She is accepted, and is able to care for herself. She also recognizes birds and, knowing their migration habits, is able to discern her location and direction.The second part tells Miyax's life before part one. It tells of her father, Kapugen, and how he sent her to live with his aunt Martha and go to school, where she is called Julie. One day Aunt Martha told Miyax that her father had never returned from a hunting trip, and pieces of his kayak were found on the shore. Kapugen had arranged a marriage between Miyax and the son of one of his old friends. When she met Daniel, she was disappointed to realize that he was mentally slow. After she was married, she basically became a helper to Daniel's mother in her business of making parkas to sell to tourists. One day Daniel came home angry because others were taunting him with "having a wife and not knowing how to mate her." Miyax ran away in fear that night.Part three goes back to being lost on the tundra. Miyax grows to love her wolf pack, and looks to the leader as her father. When she sees him killed for sport, she decides not to head to San Francisco where people do not recognize the value of the old Eskimo ways. She chooses to live alone in the wild, until she meets some people who tell her that her father is not dead. She goes to find him, but thinks that he has forsaken the Eskimo ways, and is part of the kind of people that would kill her wolf father for sport. In the end of the book, she sees that maybe the time of the Eskimos is past, and returns to her father.I didn't care for this book too much, probably because it reminded me of Scott O'Dell's "The Island of the Blue Dolphins." Then I realized that the same author wrote "My Side of the Mountain" which is the same kind of survival story. It didn't seem to have all that much of a plot, and I didn't care for the part about Miyax's marriage, or the way she identified with the wolves. I think it's because we as people are social creatures, designed to live with each other, not alone in isolation from other people. We desire to have companions, and although dogs or other animals may be man's best friend, and solitude is necessary at times, it is hard for me to connect with a book like this.
Hannibal was on okay read. I was expecting a bit more.  I also had some problems on how it was writen. It seems that at times there was a narraitor telling the story, then at times it was as if it was in thrid person. I  also didn't like the ending, even though someone told it to me. Over all it  wasn't that bad. I'd say read it if you have nothing better to do and you  can get it in paperback.
It really lacked in suspense and the ending was poor!  I am beginning to think the author is just working to put 400 pages between the covers focusing on quantity instead of quality of his books.
Not worth reading,I had a struggle to get through it.Characters and environment are not interesting.About a middle aged ,insane man who is DULL.Of course he had the required poor childhood to justify his selfishness and insanity.I bought because I have read all of her other books,Disappointed!
I have a general rule when it comes to books. Anything sold at FedEX isn't worth the paper it's printed on. Who Moved My Cheese is sold at FedEX. The book is perfect for less-than-intelligent managers who want to justify their latest round of layoffs to their employees by simply saying "well, you should get back on your feet".This book illustrates the anti-intellectual and shameful practices of corporatism.
I'm limited in what I can say about the book because the version of this for the Kindle has only the introduction and the first chapter.  They appear competently done, but were not the complete book as I expected.
It is absolute torture to continue reading page after page of useless drivel where an author takes the obvious, puts their political slant on current events, then suggests infantile and worthless 'solutions,' such as writing to politicians, advocacy groups, etc., pushing the author's agenda.The first section was about investments and how 80% of American's can't afford to retire off a 401K plan, how pensions have been disappearing, and how people need to keep on working if they don't have the resources from investments and savings to replace 70% of their pre-retirement income. Really? Did Captain Obvious call you up and give you this stunning revelation?Her 'solutions,' are even more idiotic. Mandate a 9% contribution rate for employers to fund retirement investments for employees. What are the chances of this happening in an environment where people are forced to take furlough days, have hours cut back, are happy to be employed and we have 10% unemployment?Raise the limits of 401K contributions? If you can't afford to put in $5000 a year, raising the limit so you can put in 1 million dollars doesn't help.She barely mentions the disasters of 2008 in all areas of our economy - job loss, housing bubble bursting, major corporations taking bailouts, huge declines in stock and investment values, people fleeing to treasury bills trying to stay even.In fact she goes on about beating inflation at 3%, investing as much as you can, aiming for 10x your ending salary at retirement, forcing companies to pay in cash vs stock options, just dump everything into index funds, and other ridiculous suggestions.Her entire book is based off the government and corporations subsidizing employees more, which at this particular juncture in history really isn't very likely.The solution to rising college costs? Have the government give interest free loans, the universities and other institutions offer grants, and even free education. It it were only that easy.The mortgage and home price crisis? It's the banks and predatory lending. That couple making $40K a year who decided a $600K home was affordable with 0% down because the loan officer said it was ok wasn't really to blame.I honestly feel stupider after reading this book.
This book might work for you.  Maybe.  It doesn't work for me.  (The only reason I have a copy is that my employer bought it for me, based on the recommendation of our internal "experts".)I am an experienced professional programmer learning Java.  I find that this book is too "threaded" along a path the authors want to take you.  If you find that the path that they have mapped fits your needs and learning style, this might work.  It doesn't work for me because I just want to learn the language.  For example, I don't have to learn Swing for the work I do in Java, and a lot of the book consists of Swing examples.Some important topics are given very short shrift.  For example, inner classes, which are a pretty important feature of the language.  In this book, there is no instruction directly on the topic of inner classes.  The topic is touched on briefly in a few "here's how to use them" pages -- in the midst of a chapter that is trying to teach GUI programming.Also, there's probably just too much info in the book.  There are lots of subjects included in the book which should only be mentioned, with a "here's where to find more info" link to a webpage...e.g. UML, JDBC, JSF/Swing, Google Maps.  Including topics like this, which I consider extraneous to the task of learning Java, mostly serves to make the language harder to grasp."Head First Java" is your best bet if you're new to Java and fairly new to programming as a whole.  If you've got some years of programming under your belt, I'd suggest you start with Bruce Eckel's "Thinking in Java".
I'll admit I had high hopes buying this book. I agree in my heart with the approach. BUT while there are good ideas, and it might be just the little extra help some parents need,  after reading & trying it, I have to conclude it's not helpful enough for me/us.I could not help noticing that the quotes from successful mothers seemed to be quite often from the same ones. And for E. Pantley herself, I tend to think that ANY action at all was bound to improve her personal situation - a 12-month-old who wakes up every single hour at night is as bad as it gets!Picking up your child again and again and again (and again) if he starts crying when you put him to bed actually sounds to me a lot like the exact definition of insanity : keep on doing the same thing over and over in the hope that, somehow, the outcome will be different. This is what it feels like. Bear in mind, your child is not looking or trying to change the situation, you are!To be fair, I know there are no quick fixes for babies sleep, it's one step forward, two steps back. But still.  It's an &#34;ideal world&#34; method. If you live in the real world (going to work, or at least one of you, not a lot of time and energy) you will need a tremendous amount of commitment and patience to make it work - maybe.
I don't want to make this review seem completely derogatory, but to be honest, I have little to say that's positive about the book.  Maybe I'm missing the main moral or the big picture here, but I really just didn't understand.So obviously, I get the perspective that the author is writing from and I appreciate what he was saying.  I just feel like he didn't it well.  Not to say that I didn't like the whole adolescent theme that he so nicely set up, but he really could have done better on his characters.  Rather, his character.  If you look really hard, you can understand where this character is coming from and who he is.  But this Holden guy really needed to be more defined.  He did great emphasizing on the trial and the seemingly complexity of being an adolescent, just not quite well enough.Again, I really am trying not to sound so negative here.  Here goes.  I was recommended this book because it was supposedly so inspiring.  Maybe that was a joke or maybe I'm crazy.  But after reading it, I didn't feel inspired.  In fact, I'd say I felt the opposite.  The book had a sort of negative feeling to it and I was really upset with how things ended.  I also felt like it was encouraging things to be taken advantage of.  Maybe my perspective is a little skewed or something.In the end, I sort of felt like this book was a waste of my time.  I think that my expectation were just a little to high for it and that's one reason I was so disappointed.
Andersen misleads the reader when he markets this book as a book about Caroline Kennedy. In fact this author does nothing more than re-hash everything that has already been written about the family. He sells it as a book about Caroline simply because he constantly uses the possessive form of her name to refer to the actual main characters in this book (Caroline's mother, Caroline's brother, Caroline's father etc.).After reading this book, I realized that this is because Caroline has lived a rather simple and scandel free life. The only remarkable thing about Caroline's life is that it's not that remarkable. Like so many Americans, she cooks her children breakfast every morning, video tapes their school pageants, and considers being their mom her most rewarding job in life. Caroline is to be commended for her stellar academic record and her accomplishments as an author. However, without the last name "Kennedy" no one would find her life particularly compelling reading. There simply isn't enough provacative information out there to fill up an entire book about Caroline alone. Unlike her mother, she wasn't first lady of the United States, married to one of the most beloved presidents, she didn't hold up an entire nation during three of the darkest days in our nation's history, she didn't marry a wealthy shipping magnate from whom she inherited 26 million dollars  and then went on to parlay that money into 200 million. I could go on and on about Jackie but in the interest of brevity, I think you've got the picture.That said, I believe Mr. Andersen has done a great disservice to his reader when he sold them a book complete with the tacit implication that we were to really learn who Caroline Kennedy was as a person. The information may well be out there but Mr. Andersen has yet to find it.
I truly enjoy time travel books, and so I was looking forward to reading this novel.  I was utterly disappointed.  Rarely have I run across a book where virtually every character just annoyed the crap out of me as much as they did in this one.  The people in this book left me cold and I had no feelings for virtually any character, but most especially Clare.Characters don't have to be likable, that's not what drama is about.  The problem here is the author is all about tell not show.  The writer tells us that Clare and Henry are devoted beyond all reason but we see few instances.  I'm not talking romance novel crap, but hey how about an actual conversation once in a while.  But we don't see into Henry or Clare's hearts even though, amazingly, the story is told in their voices.  Almost everyone in the book is flatter than slab of sidewalk (except for the a couple of secondary characters who at least had racial clich&eacute; to fall back on) and therefore there was little emotional connection for the reader to the characters or for that matter, even between the characters.The book was an easy read, and the ending exactly what I expected upon starting the book. But I wouldn't call this a love story; rather, it's best likened to reading the blog entries of two of the most affected people ever, rambling on like drunks who believe they have found the meaning of life after 10 shots of tequila.  Lots and lots of filler that does nothing to move the story either forward or backwards.  Oh, and excruciating detail on paper making.  There's no humor, no "everyday" conversation, few emotional connections made between the Henry or Clare.  By the end, while I felt sorry for Henry, I mostly didn't care what happened to any of them, particularly the excruciatingly dull Clare.Henry has a genetic disorder which causes him to spontaneously jump from point to point in time.  He basically lives a miserable existence, never knowing where he's going to turn up and in what situation.  It's almost always dangerous, he's alone, naked, no money, no friends, and never knowing just where he is or even when.  This causes all sorts of problems both small and life-threatening; at one point he becomes severely frostbitten having landed in the dead of winter and it and ultimately leads to other tragedies.  This is not a life to be wished on anyone.  When in this state Henry steals from other people, which is understandable.  Not so understandable, is that despite the fact that he has cheated to win the state lottery and is very well-off, he never makes any effort to repay any of the people he steals from.  It's just part of being Henry.  But we can forgive him that a little because his life pretty much sucks all the time.  But basically Henry's entire life is devoted staying alive (which you would think would be more interesting that it actually is) and of course, lusting after the oh-so-enchanting Clare.  Henry was the closest I came to giving a damn about anyone here, simply because his affliction was so awful.Clare is an artist from a very wealthy family which means she doesn't have to work and can spend all her time making affected and pretentious art out of paper.  Clare is one of those fictional heroines that men and women just instantly fall in love with without much explanation why, it just happens because the writer says so, and are usually closely modeled on the author.  They're called Mary Sues in Fan Fiction, I don't know what you call them when it's a professional writer.Clare's apparent magnetism is such that she is also coveted by Gomez, the loutish, chain-smoking, mean-spirited husband of Clare's best friend.  Gomez pretends that he's Henry's best friend, but really, he's just hovering in wings hoping that something terrible happens to Henry so that he can have Clare.  Nice.  Clare's friend is such a loser that she actually knows this and really doesn't care that she's sloppy seconds for Gomez.  Clare has sex with Gomez twice, once because she was drunk and once because she was missing Henry (and Gomez is just the kind of pig to take advantage like that) and also, I guess because that's how Clare treats her best friend.  Gomez is another character that everyone just seems to love for no apparent reason because he's basically a predatory, pretentious creep.(Actually now that I think about it Clare and Gomez actually ARE perfect for each other.)Anyway, the author cobbled together every coffee shop, ex-pat, beatnick poetry reading on the left bank of Paris clich&eacute; she could think of and turned them into characters.  The only thing missing were the black turtleneck sweaters to accessorize the pretention.  In their conversations, I'm reminded of high school where all the cool kids spend much of their time congratulating themselves on their superiority and quoting poetry they don't really understand.  Oh one funny thing that stood out was Clare's referring to her genitals by a word that will get bleeped by Amazon so I'll leave it at that.  Generally, this is phrase most often uttered by the class of women one sees in an episode of "Cops."  But here the writer threw it in to make Care look all the more hip, edgy, too cool, and all left-banky rebellious.  It's not the word, that's NBD, it's the problem is the false-feeling writer's manipulation.  But when you're working with clich&eacute;, I guess you just have to roll with it.But pretty much everyone is a shallow as a salad plate;A empty plain white salad plate.So Henry and Clare meet when Clarie is a child and the author tells us they fall in love, although we never really understand why other than because the writer says so.  Henry is good enough to wait until Clare is no longer jailbait before pouncing.  Henry and Clare are hot for each other and have lots great sex.  I'm not turned off by sex in a book (in fact I like it, bring it on!).  However, I am turned off by repetitive, BORING sex.  When sex becomes as interesting as reading about the characters drinking coffee, something is not right and it's just filler.  I've never had book where I was actually skipping past the sex.  Other than asounding great sex, Henry and Clare don't seem to really have much connection, emotional bond, shared experiences, conversations, or any other thing that would draw them to each other.  Henry and Clare are soul mates `cause the writer says so.What Henry sees in Clare is beyond me, she unlikeable and whinny and demanding and completely self-involved.  Henry decides to ask her to get married after Clare tells him they were having way too much great sex and it hurts to do it that constantly.  Henry's solution is to pop the question because I guess giving her the reward of a wedding will enable him to get laid more often without all the complaints.  How romantic.  And despite the fact that Henry can disappear at any time and especially in times of high stress, Clare plans a huge over-blown wedding, because Clare wants what Clare wants.  This of course causes Henry a great deal of stress and you can guess the rest.Whereupon Clare immediately decides she must have a baby.  She must.  She must, she must, she must -- Despite the fact that Henry has a dangerous genetic disorder that could be passed on.  Does Clare give even the slightest consideration to what may happen to a baby or child that suddenly disappears and is dumped off naked and alone in a strange place?  And really, does she not get that this is neither a good idea or in the best interests of a child?  Apparently no, she does not.  Because Clare is spoiled and thoughtless and gets what she wants.  So I'm treated to 200+ pages of Clare's multiple miscarriages and her whining and relentless consuming obsession with having a baby.  That is when she's not making paper.  Henry's good with this because it enables him to get laid more often.  I'm supposed to think this fixation with having a baby is somehow romantic, I guess.  What it actually is is selfish, and ultimately, cruel.So after much ado, Clare finally completes her little science experiment and churns out a kid.  And of course, she is wise beyond her years and says all the witty and precocious things that any child of these too-cool-for-school parents would have.  (If she had been a boy, they would have named him Che Guevara Detamble!)  Oh, and big surprise, she's got the same genetic disorder as her father.  So good luck with that whole suddenly appearing naked, alone, and broke in some dark alley when you're seven years old Kid.  Do try to avoid being kidnapped, lost, murdered, or molested.  But hey, at least Mom got what she wanted--`cause it's all about Clare getting what she wants.By the end, everyone is unhappy; The perfect nihilistic ending for this vaccuous group.  Not the worst book I've ever read, but certainly one of the most non-engaging for a "love story".
I bought this book because I'm one of those moms who really hasn't slept in years due to children who wake very frequently. I'm very interested in a sleep solution that will help my children sleep. We use "Attachment Parenting" and were told that this book was very AP oriented.This book was not as helpful as I had hoped, and was not as AP oriented as I would have liked. My major concerns are these:1. The author gives very strong encouragement to introduce a "lovey" to get baby attached to, so baby can be comforted by lovey instead of mom. She even goes so far as to recommend putting the lovey *between* mom and baby when nursing, cuddling etc. [very symbolic IMO!] This really bugs me... I feel so strongly that our babies should be learning to attach to people, not things. I am truly, deeply uncomfortable with the idea of trying to force my child to become attached to an object so that he will be comforted by that object instead of me.2. While not anti-family bed, she does basically say in the second half of the book that if you are co-sleeping you will have more nightwaking. She has a whole section on "transitioning your baby to a crib" and comparatively little on helping a baby/child cosleep and sleep soundly. She also says something to the effect that you can cosleep as long as you want, but that you should be prepared to endure more night waking if you do cosleep. None of the benefits of cosleeping were covered at all. I really kind of felt like cosleeping was being blamed as a cause of night waking and I don't really think that's true - I've seen too much anecdotal evidence of my cosleeping friends who have children who sleep 10 or 12 hours straight right there beside them.3. Similarly, breastfeeding is sort of pointed to as a cause of night waking. Yes, a breastfed baby does wake more often to eat. But this book places _no_ value judgement on breast or bottle feeding - never once does she even note "though breastfed babies wake more often to eat, many mothers feel that the benefits of breastmilk over formula outweigh this factor by a huge measure" or anything like that. A new mom reading this book could *easily* think "well, I should just switch to a bottle and then I'll get some sleep!". I'm so uncomfortable with that. [And there are plenty of breastfed babies that DO sleep through the night after they are through the newborn stage].4. There is very strong encouragement to put baby on a schedule. She emphasizes a "flexible schedule". I really hate to point this out, but I've read _Babywise_ several times ["know thy enemy"] and Ezzo's language is almost identical - he emphasizes what he calls a "flexible schedule". In fact, several things in this book echoed Babywise to my brain, which may account for my discomfort [justified or not justified!]. Not that I'm totally against a schedule, but as an AP parent I really think it is more useful to watch baby's cues...5. There is strong discouragement from holding a sleeping baby. Pantley says this is undoubtedly a cause of nightwaking and should only be done very rarely if at all [for "special moments", but not as a routine]. I have enjoyed holding both my children as they slept for naps - its one of my favorite things - and if I have to give that up to get them to sleep at night, then I guess I just won't be sleeping until they are off to college or whatever. In my mind, this book absolutely & strongly contradicts the AP tradition of carrying baby in a soft carrier much of the time.6. I also didn't like the whole section on training your baby to go back to sleep in the crib without you. It outlines a bunch of steps that begins with "pick him up", later you stop picking up and just place a hand on his back, then you just speak to him, then you speak to him from outside the door but don't go in, etc. This sounds much like Ferber sleep training to me, just minus the crying [and taking longer to acheive the same goal].7. I felt like the author gave a lot of lip service to the "needs" of babies and how and why they wake, etc in the first half of the book [I was truly impressed in fact].  But then she totally disregards those things in the second half of her book under her "solutions" chapters. She says she is giving ideas to "encourage" baby to sleep [which I liked], but in truth, I really feel that this is just another "sleep training" book, albiet a MUCH nicer alternative to the "cry it out" methods.Some of her other ideas are very helpful, though we are doing almost everything else she lists already, to no avail.This book gives a very good explanation of why it is not a good idea to let babies "Cry It Out".  I think it would be extremely  helpful to families that are struggling with that decision.This review is not meant as a criticism of *anyone* who uses this method - different things work for different families.  I know that many families have had great luck with this program and are very happy with it.  But for AP families, I think it is only fair to warn that this might not neccessarily be the answer it is hyped up to be.
This is the worst book I have EVER read in my entire life, including the crap crammed down my throat in school, including fuel detergent pamphlets while waiting at the Jiffy Lube, including newspaper editorials on the politics and issues of our day, including the backs of cereal boxes, and including the "do not eat" warnings on silica packets in my new shoes.  I hated every single flipping page of this overblown and overhyped crap that as soon as I finished it--and I stuck with it, so agonizingly long, right to the end--I tossed it in the woodburning stove and giggled blissfully as the pages curled in consuming fire.This book is not comedy, straight or black or slapstick or satirical.  It is not a work of genius or intellect.  It's a rambling screed by a rejected and untalented hack, pushing himself and his own directionless existence onto the fictional page.  It's a glorification of everything that's wrong with the America we're stuck with, sloth and waste and taking deep pride in the lack of ambition and calling it independence.  This garbage holds up lack of personal pride, absence of self-resepct and absence of personal self-worth as worthy attributes, something that is honorable to strive for.  It glorifies the marginal existence, and the conscious decision to live one.Make a statement for literature.  Buy a copy and throw it in the fire, down the sewer, into a chipper, in the recycle bin, please.
Bought this for class.PRO: It worked well for writing class. It is well-written in an easy manner.CON: This should have been in a thinner format, not to be so chunky.Glad to have bought this product and recommend this. @eplusq
As another reviewer said "This edition, which was prepared by volunteers, contains numerous errors, dropped words and punctuations, misspellings, wrong tenses" It is unreadable and should be taken off list.
This book is basically full of soft-core porn scenes interspersed with corny conversations between the characters and unbelievably overly dramatic and unnecessary chivalry from the "hero" of the story.  I was expecting more of a historical action adventure mystery story.  Why do people read this smut in droves?
The writing is overly simplistic and the story is predictable. It seems rather contrived, really, like a lot of historical fiction. The author, it seems, did a little research, found an interesting idea, and then pasted a narrative around it. I really wanted to like this book-the main character and I share a name, after all. There are so many other books out there with the same sort of plot-I might have loved this book in elementary school, but it'd definitely not intended for the "young adult" audience.I did enjoy some of the humor, though, especially the interaction between Catherine and her brother, the monk.  The book had a lot of potential, it just doesn't quite live up to it.
Went on a tear and read each one of Murakami's books in the past 3 months.  Loved them all.  Then picked up this one.  This is by far Murakami's weakest effort.  Had to set it aside after getting 1/3 of the way through it.  Story line not close to believable - plot convoluted and incomprehensible.  Characters are thinly described.  Painful journey this was.  Take a pass and try any one of Murakami's other major works (Kafka, Sheep, Norwegian Wood, Bird, Dance, West of Sun).
This book gets two stars for making me laugh--they nailed it when they used such clever rhetoric to convince me that narcissists are emotional vampires.The problem: I already knew this!And I suspect that readers looking at this book are also having trouble dealing with narcissists and need some guidance. Well, this book doesn't offer that. "Stay away from them" is as good as it gets. I'm mad that I spent money for advice less-helpful than what I found when I Googled "How to deal with a narcissist."For readers who need help dealing with narcissists, I got the most insight fromThe Wizard of Oz and Other Narcissists: Coping with the One-Way Relationship in Work, Love, and Family, but I did not find ANY book that is a how-to for getting along with narcissists, because the only way to get along with them is to play their game and worship them. SIGH. If anyone finds anything helpful in that arena, please share the title with me. For now, I survived by just establishing the clear boundaries I learned from:Boundaries: When to Say Yes, When to Say No-To Take Control of Your Life (Inspirio/Zondervan Miniature Editions)andWhere to Draw the Line: How to Set Healthy Boundaries Every Day
If you have the misfortune of being assigned this book, I feel for you. The book is filled with needlessly complicated explanations, some of which don't contribute anything to the subject. The authors love to interrupt sentences with variables and equations that could have been saved for information boxes.The only thing that made this book tolerable is that figure captions and summaries were left to a competent editor. The book could be cut in half with a sufficiently critical editing pass. Don't buy this if your curriculum offers a choice of books.Edit:One thing to keep in mind while reading is that the text references graphs that appear 1-3 pages before or after the mention. When you come to a graph, keep a placemark on that page. Any text that references a graph is almost unintelligible without the graph, and that constitutes about 70% of each chapter.
This is one of the most poorly written books I have ever read. Neither the "wacky" situations nor the "quirky" characters are funny / compelling. Ignatius's annoying outbursts of "Oh my god!" got repetitive after the first 50 times he utters it, and it distanced me from the character. Perhaps if the manuscript got some heavy editing and a bit of stylizing, the novel would have turned out better (there was potential, to be sure). It baffled me that people saw me reading this book in public and would interrupt me to tell me how great it is and how much they loved it.  Because of this, I kept waiting for it to get better, but it never did. This book seems to be a literary equivalent of "the emperor's new clothes".
I finished this book last night, almost racing to the end wanting so much for it to be great.  Not so.  I picked this book up mainly because the reviews were so great here.  I tried to keep an open mind, but it was just too confusing for me, particularly the way that Henry dies...or did he??  I would love to say that I loved this book, but in reality I wish that I could go back in time and not buy it in the first place.  A better book, in my opinion, would be "Middlesex" by Jeffrey Eugenides -- where you go back and forth in time and it makes sense.
I wonder what political office or career that Dr Linenger has in mind.  I found his book to be very self serving with little credit given to others.  Obviously not  a team player.  &quot;Dragonfly&quot; is the better read and strikes a better balance.
The true horror is the fact that six brutal murders are largely overshadowed by one of the most shameless, cynical, and outright ridiculous hoaxes perpetrated by profiteers for decades.Now back in print thanks to another cinematic remake, Anson's book is a nice hack job of stringing together the stories of George Lutz, unlucky homeowner who experienced a cavalcade of nightmares after moving into his Long Island home in the mid-70s.  The family lasted only 28 days before leaving, so he says.What's really amazing is that this whole business has been thoroughly debunked for years by countless sources, including the Lutzes, who even changed their stories.Even if you actually believe that a house can become possessed, or that a red-eyed pig can spy on your house, or that the strange odors eminating from your house could be paranormal symptoms and not symptoms of bowel movements or a backed-up septic tank, the material here becomes downright laughable.  I will give Anson credit for trying to dramatize the whole thing and create a spooky ghost story--after all, he was a hired writer, and he did his job all too well.But really, the facade collapsed a long time ago.  But that won't stop Mr. Lutz, who helpfully hosts a website, including a 'Store' section where you can buy merchandise.  And the fact that a family has lived comfortably in the same house for years and years with no reports of Satan trying to toss them out of his digs seems to be no issue for the obviously cursed and now-divorced George Lutz.  Who said real estate wasn't an evil business?This whole shameless 'Horror' isn't funny anymore, and remaking a shoddy film for the new generation is downright sad, cynical, and of course, unnecessary.  Yes, it's a horror.
This book is about how to create stuff that people love to talk about - creating conversational capital.  It's too bad the authors didn't write a book that makes sense.  I just could not plug into this book.  The concepts were just plunked down - with no compelling case being made or justification being built.  Some of the examples were fine, while others just did not seem to flow from the concepts they had set up previously.
I can't speak to the quality of the item as I have not seen it.the delivery estimate was 3/23 - 4/7.  Today is 4/16.  WHERE IS IT?Not my first (unanswered) inquiry.
Bear in mind the following fact when reading this book: it was written in 1955. Lord interviewed a lot of characters still a live. He prefered not to create dialogues nor try to figure out what was going through people's minds. But, read a book with one thousand characters and not one of them being special is sometimes hard work. The narrative ( a kind of journalistic style ) is dry, typical of that age. The facts pile one after another with no time to sink into the reader's brain. All in all, I don't think it is a good book, but just a good attempt to write a good book about the TITANIC.
I picked up this book expecting a good solid satire, but was disappointed.  Much of the book is nothing but a bunch of aimless rambling about everything from how to commit suicide to how to how to remove blood stains.  One knows from the way the book is written that nothing is meant to be taken seriously however.  The author seems overly concerned with making people laugh.  His style got old very quick with me.  After the first few chapters I started getting annoyed by the characters, their names (i.e. Fertility Hollis) and the overall lack of focus.  The story doesn't seem to have any solid sense of direction, jumping from one thing to another.  If anyone carries on a conversation like the characters do in this book, they would be considered insane.
So many folks recommended this book to me and after hearing of the plot and reading interviews about Gabaldon's research process, I was ecstatic to get started.  Unfortunately, the experience of reading this book was far different from the one I expected to have.  I really wanted to be amazed, but just couldn't bring myself to be.This book started out with an interesting and strong female lead, but by the end, she felt completely useless to the plot and as if she were a completely different character than who she started out as. Claire's change from steely combat nurse to lovestruck fish out of water in Scotland began well enough with she and her husband, Frank, enjoying a holiday to help heal the wounds of their long absence from one another.Many facts were introduced and situations set up, but when Claire is transported to Scotland through ancient stones, all of these angles which made Claire an interesting character with flaws and a convincing relationship were pushed aside for an obsession with Jamie, the perfect romantic hero who sweeps her off her feet.  Frank, whom she had obvious affection for despite their issues, seems all but forgotten and an afterthought to the growing center of attention, the Scot with the charming good looks.From the point Jamie's enters the scene, Claire dissembles into the heroine who always needs saving and, despite random mentions of her husband, seems unconvincingly guilty of her relationship with the Scot. Whatever inner turmoil, pain, and anguish that would have made her an interesting character as she and Jamie grew closer is seemingly forgotten or barely mentioned so that this plot feels more like an excuse to get them in the sack than an interesting storyline that would have let them come together naturally through hardship and turmoil in a way that did not feel so contrived.Speaking of sex scenes. There are plenty in this novel, which would be perfectly fine if they would propel the plot forward.  Many felt extraneous and awkward, as if we're being given far too much detail for an act that soon became repetitive and meaningless for this reader.Toss in a character like Jack Randall, and you have the same exact problem. He started out as dangerous and intriguing with his patient ways of torturing the characters, but dissembled all the same into what felt like an evil stereotype with no other seeming explanations for his villainry than a resolution of very scant details which are revealed in a sentence near the end.  His resolution was completely unsatisfying and added nothing to his character, letting all his potential as a villain go to waste.All in all, this novel felt too contrived, too emotionally unconvincing, and far too vicarious for this reader. If you like Romance, it may be for you, but for a lover of more convincing dramas, this left me completely unsatisfied.  I give it two stars instead of one only for the fact Gabaldon's style is well-developed and immersive where characters failed to hold my interest.
this book is probably the second worst I have ever read. it comes off as a dry, nerdy Microsoft advertisement. Bill Gates may be a business genius, but he cannot write a book! this book is supposed to talk about the future,  but instead it has a whole chapter devoted to his new house! (he hopes the  first thing you notice when you come in is not the electronic pins he hands  out, but his &quot;beautiful&quot; view if the lake outside) he seems to be  saying, &quot;look at me, I'm rich!&quot; very nerdy. if you want a book  about the future, read 1984 by George Orwell.
I had high hopes for this book since the author is well established and has worked with major football teams, and should be in a position to offer good advice. But this is a short book with large text, and even then it feels like the handful of bumper-sticker slogans are really stretched to fill the pages. And if you're not a football fan, be prepared for endless pages of confusing anecdotes about games scenarios and the sanctity and integrity of players.One of the forwards praises the book for providing practical advice that translates to everyday practices in the world of business - I don't think the author of the forward had read the finished version, since there's nothing here apart from wistful stories and "keep positive" messaging. Even "The Secret" contained more real-life information - and believe me, it's a stretch to say anything in that book was based in reality.Of course, there's also nothing in this book that most people would disagree about. We'd all like to be true to ourselves, have faith in our abilities and focus on our goals - but without any real hands-on information about how this translates to everyday life, it quickly becomes a vacuous and repetitive read. I'm also confused about why the Financial Times is publishing since it's deep in the self-help aisle rather than business, and I hope they manage to squeeze more content into the final edition.
Shame on you, John Grisham and on Doubleday as well!  With  A TIME TO KILL you proved you could write something besides cookie-cutter courtroom thrillers.  And even though that book is heavily dependent on legal drama, it is a riveting character-driven page-turner about the rage that consumes a father when his daughter is savagely attacked.  SKIPPING CHRISTMAS is a cheap shot to capture seasonal dollars, obviously rushed to press in November, and so shoddily printed that the headers are unevenly spaced, sometimes touching the edge of the page, and the print is almost too pale to read without strong light.  With a lot of work, SKIPPING CHRISTMAS might have made a mediocre short story, but it is a terrible novel, crammed with too many characters and dependent on the totally unbelievable premise that a woman as generally &quot;together&quot; as Nora Krank would lie to her daughter and then scurry for hours to make truth of the lie; you give short shrift to the daughter's brusque actions and lack of common courtesy.  You rely on every clich&eacute; about Christmas, including drunken office brawls, thoughtless gifts, meaningless Christmas cards, commercialization, and crass symbols such as Frosty the Snowman.  You try to redeem the rudeness of the neighbors and the many weaknesses of the plot by wrapping everything in a big red bow at the end of the book, but gift-wrapped garbage is still garbage.  I can't believe you need the money, so why did you do this to your readers?  Even more important, why did you do it to yourself???
What is The Sun Also Rises about?  Hmm, that's hard to say.  This story doesn't really seem to be about anything.  The true meaning must be taken more from symbols and allusion rather than the direct actions of the characters.The story follows a group of bored socialites as they travel from Paris to Pamplona, Spain in post World War I Europe, no doubt in search of some kind of meaning for their morally bankrupt lives.  The group spends several days in Pamplona watching the running of the bulls and the bull fights, before splitting up and going back to their respective homes.Ernest Hemingway is considered by many to be one of America's most brilliant writers, winning both the Nobel Prize for Literature, and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.  A brilliant writer, but ultimately unhappy it seems.  He was married four times and eventually took his own life in 1961.  The Sun Also Rises was Hemingway's first novel, written in 1924 and published in 1926.William Hurt became one of my favorite audio book narrators after hearing only one of his books, Stephen King's Hearts in Atlantis.  He has a really unusual style that, at first, sounds odd and bewildering.  After listening to him for a while, however, he really grew on me.  Frankly, I don't think I would have picked up this audiobook if he hadn't been the narrator.  I enjoyed his reading again, although I can't honestly pinpoint what it is I like about him.The Sun Also Rises was a tough one for me.  On the surface, it seems to be a story about wealthy people who lead empty and meaningless lives.  In part, I think that's what Ernest Hemingway intended, but why are their lives so empty?  I did a bit of reading up on this novel, looking at what other people had to say about it.  They throw around words like "expatriate" and "disillusioned" and "lost generation."  Why this so-called "lost generation" became so "disillusioned" that they "expatriated" themselves is beyond me.  Were they disillusioned with humanity because of the war, or was it just America's involvement in the war?  I guess I'll have to leave that up to the scholars.  Even though I didn't really get this audiobook, I learned a lot about the running of the bulls in Pamplona, and also about a little slice of American history as well.
I was surprised at how mundane it was.  Being an icon in the literary world of a few decades ago, I thought this Hemingway novel was quite disappointing.
Waste of money getting this on Kindle. I can't read it on my Kindle, my Kindle for iPhone, or online at cloud.kindle.com on my PC! The book only works on my Kindle for iPad (probably, I would hope the Kindle Fire too but I dont have one to test). The landscape and usability is horrid.Aside from that the book is easy to read, quite biased, but who isn't expecting that when getting a text book these days.
I had never read anything by this author before, but I read a decent review of this book and decided to give it a try.  I didn't expect it to be great literature, and of the five books or so that I read a month, I usually enjoy one or two that I label as &quot;mind candy.&quot;  I knew that this book would fall into that category, but I didn't expect the writing to be on a fifth-grade reading level!  Boring, completely predictable, and terrible, elementary dialogue.  I could see the ending coming from the first chapter.  Save your money, folks.
Despite rather good reviews, I found this book very disappointing.  To begin with, he makes too many factual errors.  At one point he refers to Peter III of Russia as mentally retarded, which he was not.  He was obsessive/compulsive to the extreme, often drilling his troops for hours, but no one ever suggested he was retarded.  At another point he refers to Catherine II (The Great)saying her first of fifty lovers was Stanislaus Poniatovski, when it is agreed the first was probably Serge Saltykov followed by the Orlov brothers.  Some say she had over three hundred lovers.  But the major problem I have with this biography is that, like too many others, Mr. Crenshaw, admiring the subject, tends to gloss over her faults or neglects to mention them.  At one point he says that she made many good appointments.  She put her husband Francis in charge of her army even though he had no military experience; you can guess the results. Then she dismissed Francis and put his brother in charge with similar results.  And what about Kaunitz? He also refers repeatedly to Frederick the Great as a "monster" for stealing Silesia.  If this is the case Maria Theresa must be a monster for the partitioning of Poland. All of these combine to give me an impression he doesn't know what he is talking about.
This book was mildly entertaining, nothing more. Most of it was about college life, with long, painful descriptions of the Princeton campus, the traditions (some of which were made up by the authors), the main character's romance with his girlfriend, etc. Unlike some reviewers, I didn't think the writing was good, and comparing this book to anything written by Fitzgerald is a travesty. Much of the story didn't link together; there were long conversations that read like research papers. I mean come on; no one talks like that!The book also employed one of my pet peeves and the ultimate giveaway of an amateur writer: telling instead of showing. One of its conventions was using various verbs to describe a character's mood instead of allowing the character to show us.The plot was so convoluted, it was difficult to follow at times. I like puzzles, but this one left me cold. It seemed to me the authors wanted to prove how smart they were by inventing complicating puzzles and then solving them.This is a quick read, but it's far from memorable.
This book sells well because the author has written a popular book calledTrend Following (Updated Edition): Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Markets. I am not a fan of that book and I am an even lesser a fan of the current book. Anyway, if you should buy something from this author you should buy the other book.The current book contains a large number of short (2-3 pages) musings on the market. Various things the author found interesting, many relating to psychological issues. The musings don't build on each other. They just follow after each other. I also find the musings quite pedestrian. I don't disagree with them, but they are not novel or interesting enough. Steenbarger has written three very good books on trader psychology (e.g.The Daily Trading Coach: 101 Lessons for Becoming Your Own Trading Psychologist (Wiley Trading)), which I recommend instead of this book. There are many other books that provide good practical knowledge of being a trader (e.g.One Good Trade: Inside the Highly Competitive World of Proprietary Trading (Wiley Trading),Diary of a Professional Commodity Trader: Lessons from 21 Weeks of Real Trading)
This book was tedious and overwritten.  The book did not flow nicely at all.  I couldn't even finish it!!
Caveat Emptor - Mr. Hauck has combined his favorite elements from fictional stories and legends around alchemy (and UFOs and Star Trek and other non-related personal interests) and misrepresented them as factual history. A few examples of Hauck's adversarial relationship with facts:- On page 1 of the introduction Hauck claims that the "Emerald Tablet" document (the indisputed seminal document behind alchemy) is 10,000 years old. This was indeed the claim of Renaissance alchemists who didn't know any better, but modern historians have reliably dated the oldest known copy to the Kitab sirr al-asrar (Secret of Secrets) from 1120 A.D. There's also the niggling point that writing was only invented around 3,500 BC - so Hauck is claiming the Emerald Tablet was written 4,500 years before the invention of writing!- Hauck inaccurately refers to Hermes (the Greek God) and Hermes Trismegistus (alleged flesh-and-blood author of the Hermetica) interchangeably.- Hauk relates the story of Apollonius of Tyana (whom he inexplicably refers to using his Arabic name, Balinas) as though it were historical fact. In fact there is almost no historical information on Apollonius; the best we have is the Life of Apollonius of Tyana by Pythagorean (who was born 50 years after Apollonius died), which historians regard as fiction.If you're looking for an introduction to Jungian-style personal transformation using alchemy as a metaphor, but find Jung himself too dense, don't care for the many well-written Jung summaries, and you don't mind that the "facts" on which Hauck's argument is grounded are mostly wishful thinking contradicted by history, you might enjoy this book as an easy-to-read fiction which does indeed convey the basics of alchemy as a system for personal transformation. Otherwise steer clear!
If you want to read a good book about the daily life of soldiers in Viet Nam, try When We Walked Above the Clouds by H. Lee Barnes. This book reads like a diary written by someone who is not comfortable with writing.  It is sketchy, apparently fabricated in many places, and I found it incredibly boring.  I have only ever quit reading a book before finishing it (and they were very long books), but this one I got about halfway through and had to put it down.  It was not even good enough to pass around to friend or donate to a charity--I simply threw it in the trash.
I gave it an extra star because at least Van Tharp tries to offer some real investment alternatives; unlike every other fluff-ball financial planning book.Unfortunately, most of the investments he offers are filled with landmines that have ruined many experienced & educated investors.  When he discusses investments, he doesn't talk much about downside risk, except by ending chapters with "do your due diligence".The passive investment Tharp recommends most often is real estate (with some incredible return claims).  And he points to his seminar buddy John Burley as the trainer you should use. I just received a flyer today hyping John's latest Boot Camp, and it costs $6,000. Maybe he's a great teacher, but his brochure has all the traits of a sleazy scammer.Tharp spends a lot of time telling you how to predict the inflation rate, or whether the U.S. dollar is going up or down. If Tharp, or any of his students could do this - they would easily be trillionaires, but he can't point to any.  Throughout the book, I kept wanting to see "Where is the proof?" Just claiming that you have a backtested model is NOT proof, and only a fool would invest based on this (every beginning trader knows this and Tharp claims he's an expert?). Tharp's evidence comes from the other authors. But they are newsletter writers that make a living selling newsletters - not from their trading profits!Rather than go into many more examples of his vague "successfully redeploying assets", I'll just say that: since Tharp describes himself as The Leader in investment psychology (and coaches the best investors) - I expected real substance. If you buy this book, you are only paying for Van Tharp's Financial Freedom.I also spent $100 for Tharp's accompaning software thinking that maybe all the 'huge return examples' alluded to in the book was in his "upsell" product. Wrong. You input your financial information and it adds it up and displays a graphic showing your income & expenses each month. But I already knew these numbers - I was the one that input them!! If you click on the discussions it basically repeats vague stuff from the book.
One of the dumbest books I've evere read.Bought it because of the 5 star reviewsby others. For those who have not readthis book, you'll save a lot of time bystarting to read from page 200.
I'm a great admirer of Philip Roth's books, and I have no doubt that he's one of the country's greatest novelists (in fact, I don't quite understand why he hasn't been awarded the Nobel).  But even the great ones occasionally hit clunkers, and The Human Stain is a clunker.  I really wanted to like the book, but I just couldn't.  It has its grand moments--it is, after all, written by Roth--but it's too long, too messy, too grandiose in places, too underdeveloped in others.  By midpoint, I felt I was drowning in a sea of words and alternately bored and irritated, longing for the crispness and elegance of Roth's Everyman or Portnoy.I'm not sure why Roth opted for such a baroque style in Human Stain--  endless soliloquies, teutonically long sentences, tireless and tiresome flashbacks--but it all becomes simply too much after awhile, especially since his characters are too underdeveloped to carry the narrative.  The protagonist, Coleman Silk, despite everything we come to know about him, remains rather one-dimensional.  Huge secrets don't necessarily make for depth.  Coleman's love interest, Faunia Farley, is even less alive.  She seems little more than a shadow, which is especially odd given that the tragic events of her life are surely rich fodder.  Lester, Faunia's ex-husband and screwed-up vet, is a caricature who seems to do nothing but rant, rave, and sweat.  The Chinese cafe scene which serves as part of Lester's "therapy" is worthy of a bad movie.  The only character that really has color is Delphine Roux.  Would that she was more present.In all fairness, there are some good moments in the novel.  I've never been as totally surprised by a novel as I was when, in the book's second part, Coleman's ethnicity is revealed.  I just didn't see it coming, and it took me ten or so pages before I fully grasped what was going on.  This was masterful on Roth's part.  Additionally, his depiction of small college politics and political correctness was deliciously barbed, and enjoyable for anyone who's ever taught at such a place as the fictional but all too real Athena College.  But such Lucky Jim-like dissections of academia aren't, after all, uncommon in fiction.  They may be fun to read, but there's no shortage of them.At the end of the day, the tragedy of Coleman Silk that serves as The Human Stain's message is one worthy of an American Euripides.  For all his genius, Mr. Roth was unable to do it justice.
Is book is basically a compilation of other peoples writings with bits of the authors commentary sandwitched between them. Little to no insight. If you want to learn about modernity this book is not for you. If you've already read the work by the other authors this book sites, then purchasing and reading this book will be a waste of money and time for you. I recommend going to a library and picking up this book if you can. Because when I was reading this book I was like "damn what a waste of money". Well anyway, its not a stand alone book, rather it is supported by the works of other authors and if youre not familiar with their work then you sure wont understand the conclusion the author makes. Those other authors are old school sociologists whose literature is a mix of sociology, creative story telling, philosophy, and social commentary. From a more modern sociological standpoint, I really do not have the tolerance for it, but even if you do if this is the first book you plan to read about the subject of modernity then youre wasting you time.
Unfortunately, I was unable to really enjoy &quot;Rebecca's Tale&quot; by Sally Beauman. Partly because I was expecting something along the lines of Jean Rhys's excellent novel, &quot;The Wide Sargasso Sea,&quot; where we got a retelling of Bronte's &quot;Jane Eyre,&quot; except from the 'mad' wife's point to view -- what I got instead was an almost complete rehashing of du Maurier's novel, with the same questions posed: who was Rebecca? Was she an immoral, manipulative and heartless femme fatale? Or was she a beautiful and tragic heroine, much misunderstood and misinterpreted? Was her death a crime of passion? Or cold blooded murder? And after ploughing through 400 odd pages, these questions were still not answered completely.The only new bits, discounting the new characters that were introduced to facilitate this investigation into Rebecca's life, was that we learned a little about Rebecca's past, before she met and married Max -- about her childhood and her mother's purported affair with Max's philandering father. A rather over the top plot line I thought. But even here, doubt was constantly being poured onto these new bits of information, so that you really feel as of you're taking part in some kind of futile exercise! I couldn't help but wonder what the point of &quot;Rebecca's Tale&quot; was, since it raised questions, but resolved very little, except to make one of the investigators, Ellie, realise that there were worse fates than ending up a spinster.Briefly the plot of &quot;Rebecca's Tale is as follows: twenty years after inquest into Rebecca de Winter's death was held, Colonel Julyan, the justice of the peace who had been in charge of the case, receives a mysterious package in which he finds a black notebook and two photographs, one of Rebecca, and another of Manderly, the de Winter estate. The arrival of this package coincides with the arrival of a mysterious young man, Terence Gray, who for reasons of his own, is digging into Rebecca's past. At the Colonel's behest, Gray teams up with the Colonel's daughter, Ellie; and soon, the two are busy interviewing the local people who knew Rebecca, and reading her diaries. The picture that emerges is a slightly confusing one, and more questions are raised than answered. For example: why did Max de Winter marry again so soon after Rebecca's death? (We know why of course, but for Gray &amp; Ellie, this question is most perplexing.) Also, the portrait of Rebecca that emerges after reading her diary for the year of her death is not a very flattering one: the Rebecca of those diary entries appears to be obsessive, manipulative, paranoid, and slightly deranged. But is this the real Rebecca? That is the question that both Gray and Ellie must decide. And this of course leads to the big question of how she died. Did she plan the course of her death, using Max as an instrument of her death? Or did Max finally snap and decide to be rid of a wife he no longer wanted?The problem, for me, is that &quot;Rebecca&quot; by Daphne du Maurier, is one of my all time favourite gothic novels. I remember reading this novel for the first time with great fondness. I also remember taking to the nameless heroine, the second Mrs. de Winter, and disliking Rebecca very, very much. Nothing about this novel made me change my mind about these feelings or notions. The thing is that for me anyway, Sally Beauman's &quot;Rebecca's Tale&quot; did not enhance du Maurier's in the same manner that Jean Rhy's &quot;The Wide Sargasso Sea&quot; enhanced Bronte's &quot;Jane Eyre.&quot; Nothing was really resolved. There was no new dimension or facet to the mystery that was Rebecca and everything remained ambiguously the same. Rebecca remains the enigma that she was in du Maurier's novel, and I just felt as if I had wasted an entire afternoon on nothing.
I don't mind novels that are meant to push the limits and shock the reader, as long as they are actually worthwhile in some way. Less Than Zero does not fit into that category. I think perhaps I am just not a fan of Bret Easton Ellis in general although I did think that American Psycho was a far better novel than this one. I suppose you'll probably like this novel if you like the author or are a fan of the genre, but if you've heard that it has some broader literary merit (as I had heard before reading it) then you may well end up disappointed.
This book is outrageously political: Businesses are bad and government is good. Christianity and with it Capitalism are responsible are responsible for environmental pollution and on and on and on...Don't get me started on the praises they produce for Roosevelt and how heroically he defeated the "bad businesspeople."This is simply revisionism and once again political propaganda in textbook form. I don't like it from the Left and I don't like it from the Right.
I had never heard a bad thing about &quot;the Catcher and the Rye,&quot; so I decided to read it.  I don't see how so many people can like it and recommend this novel.  The story isn't too horrible, and even the plot isn't too terrible.  But the word selection, sentence structure and syntax is the worst I have read.  Wow, I never knew how often someone could repeat the same phrases and have a novel published.  If I wrote an essay where I said this 'kills' me (he meant amused me) every paragraph, I know my English teacher would fail me.  If half the time I started to describe something, I said, &quot;But I don't feel like telling you about that&quot; or &quot;But I am not in the mood,&quot; my paper would flunk. I never knew how often the word &quot;phony&quot; could be used.I really tried to stay openminded about this book, but by the end of the novel I was no longer enjoying his story because of the writing style.  The story in itself is not that bad; I have read worse.  This boy Holden has just flunked out of his third prep school, and we join him over the next two or three days of his life.  Holden seems to think many people are phony, and I think that the phoniness of so many people must be the point of this novel.  I agree that a lot of people do things because it is what is expected of them, but does that make them phony.  I think that Holden used other people's phoniness as an excuse not to apply himself, because he was not phony like others.Overall, I gave the novel two stars because of its grammer, the plot wasn't too bad.
If the author followed his own guidelines for quality management, he would offer every owner of this book a free upgrade to &quot;Resurrection of the American  Programmer&quot;, in which he explains why he was so wrong in  this book.  But I think you'd be better off refusing the upgrade, and going  with DeMarco, Beck, or Fowler.
This book is a dissappointment after reading Gabaldon's first four.  What I liked about her prievious books was the adventure and fast-paced interesting story line.  This book didn't have that, at over 1400 tedious pages would have been better if edited to say, 700 pages.Much of the book is devoted to description, and endless threads of babies, nursing, and domestic life.  A little description to support the story is needed, but there is so much in this book that it really couldn't hold my interest.Also, I thought many threads weren't plausable.  The whole of the Jemmy thread could have been edited out.  The Jamie snake-bite saved by penicillin that Claire made wasn't believable.  The book builds to a climax and final confrontation with evil ship captain Stephen Bonnett.  But that doesn't quite work and the baby Jemmy is definitely in the way and brought this thread down.I really didn't like this book and would not recommend it to anyone.
It's basically another version of &#34;How to win friends and influence people&#34;.  Not very Powerful.  Just says &#34;be their friend and they will buy from you&#34;.  Not worth the money unless you've never read the other book.
"Economic Experience" discusses various aspects of the financial system over the period 1966-1976: bank failures, bailouts, new financial instruments, and variations in the fiscal balance of the household, government, and business sectors. Most of the value of the book is contained here.  "Economic Theory" outlines Minsky's model of the economy; "Institutional Dynamics" includes a summary of the three phases of financial cycles, and "Policy" includes his recommendations."Economic Experience" includes some good observations but suffers from the dire organization of the rest of the book.  He makes some valuable points about how banks actually behave, but his efforts to show a "conservation of debt" (i.e., fluctuations in the deficit by one sector offset by opposing fluctuations in the other sectors) is unconvincing.His section on economic theory is not very useful at all. He attempts to describe an abstract economy in which there is labor and capital; labor receives wages, and capital receives profits.  Additional refinements permit ingenious (but unhelpful) algebraic manipulations--line items of national accounts that behave a bit like squishy bricks in a wall made of Jell-O(1).  The problem with these equations that Minsky fiddles with is that they don't represent anything real. Minsky's equations are actually flow-charts that supposedly demonstrate how the purchase prices of goods translate into the predictive components of the economy, such as profits, government deficits, consumption, and so on.  These then determine the next phase of production, consumption, investment, and onward.  But production processes have multiple phases, blurring the distinction between investment and consumption, and between profits in different "production periods."The section on "Institutional Dynamics" explains the evolution of a business cycle subject to different phases of borrowing.  During the early phase of an economic recovery, most borrowing is "hedge financing,"in which borrowers are capable of meeting interest and principal payments on their loans out of current income. Later, "speculative finance" becomes more commonplace--borrowers often can only pay interest on their loans and frequently need to roll over debt so as to avoid paying down the principal.  "Ponzi finance" later overtakes "speculative" borrowing, as business managers plan against a huge future payout, and are unable to pay even interest payments out of current income. When Ponzi financing becomes prevalent, then asset prices are driven to unrealistic levels and a financial collapse is inescapable."Policy" consists of recommendations by Minsky; I thought these were terrible recommendations, but other readers may disagree, and I don't see any point discussing them here.The problems in the book are legion, although most aren't fatal.  One is with this particular edition, edited by Dimitri P. Papadimitriou & L. Randall Wray; it contains many errors, e.g, inconsistent notation in the equations, repetition, and needless qualifiers. Somewhat more serious is his discussion of the finer points of financial markets, which really seemed as though he was out of his depth.One example of this is from p.33, where he says "...business is carried on within a system of borrowing... based on margins of safety."  He cites THE two metrics of safety, (I) the ratio of cash flows due on debt to cash flows debtors receive, and (II), the ratio of the present value of expected cash flows discounted over the future to the face value of outstanding debt.  But II is merely an integral of I, and there are other metrics used by banks in the USA for safety (e.g., debt to equity).Elsewhere, however, the observations are excellent, such as the invalidity of economic textbook accounts of bank lending flows (2), or the precise locus of the US financial system's lender-of-last-resort capabilities(3).The Financial Instability Hypothesis (FIH) is actually somewhat interesting, but Minsky fails to connect it to anything else in his analysis. For example, he doesn't consider what the financial instability cycle does to the structure of the banking industry (it consolidates bank assets) and he doesn't examine any cases of a completed cycle--he just describes a series of minor banking crises of the period 1966-1976, and complains that banking regulators have become too good at preventing widespread bank failures (the preventive measures lead to inflation).Minsky was a valuable source toSteve Keen: I recommend Minsky's 1975 book,John Maynard Keynes(review pending), but with respect to his financial instability hypothesis, Keen recommendsCan "It" Happen Again?________________________________________________(1) The bricks include payrolls in the consumer goods sector versus payrolls in the investment goods sectors, and other abstract divisions of the economy; profits earned in all sectors; taxes paid to government, and transfer payments paid out by government; and so on.  These line items are inherently unknowable in the sense that Minsky uses them--the line between the labor force of the investment goods sector and the consumer goods sector is very fuzzy, for example. Minsky expects that the accounting identities will hold so reliably that you can influence one item by tweaking others that have a peculiar algebraic relationship to it.Most undergrads in macroeconomics from the 1980s or 1990s will recognize these squishy bricks, but Minsky's efforts to use them as reliable macroeconomic variables has problems that would take a much longer review to explain.(2) Monetary theory supposes that banks can readily contract their loan portfolios to business in response to a deficiency in reserves.  In reality, the _flow_ of new loans is determined well in advance by longstanding commitments the bank has with its customers.  "The loan portfolio and a bank's loan strategy are not subject to rapid change in order to bring reserves into line with reserve requirements." p.80. Likewise, Minsky describes banks as "market makers" in money-now/money-later transactions. The constraints on market makers are totally different from the stylized behavior of either banks or commodity suppliers (per microeconomics textbooks).(3) See Minsky(2008), p.56. The book's editorial cut-off date was 1984; then and now, the US financial system has had a multi-tiered lender-of-last-resort, with most LOLR functions normally carried by the larger "private" banks.  Minsky mysteriously neglects the impact of this on banking size.
Ok, it's not his first but it reads like one.  Very pedestrian, borish.  The details are charming, a bit Waugh-ish without the humor, but because I knew Briony did something for which she would then atone I wasn't able to _read_, I was waiting for the event which wasn't realistically terrible.  I didn't find it or the aftermath credible.  The writing isn't really that bad but the story is told in a postmodern way that's almost cliche by now--how many novels do we need that are told from different perspectives?  It's not new, it's not fresh, it doesn't inspire me to want to read more of his works.  This was my first McEwan and, unless my husband who loved this book forces me, it's my last.
I ordered the book with lot of anticipation because it is a second edition and the title looked appealing.248 Pages of book divided into a whopping 68 Chapters, and each chapter heading gets one entire page >  68 blank Pages - Talk about padding up a book.  Each chapter is  small 2-3 pages and broadly divided into following sectionsSECTIONS:The Truth  About Employee EngagementThe Truth About YourselfThe Truth About Engaged CulturesThe Truth About MotivationThe Truth About PerformanceThe  Truth About CreativityThe Truth About CommunicationThe Truth About Teams.Each section is further subdivided into several shallow chapters.Never able to engage yourself like theThe 7 Habits of Highly Effective PeopleorDont Sweat Small Stuffor my favorite,The Road Less Travelled.I am randomly picking up a chapter so you get an Idea of what you can expect :CHAPTER 22 : THE BAD WILL DO YOU GOOD.""" You might not believe in divine retribution,but you have an employee who makes you wonder what you did in the past - or past life - to deserve the nightmare now. Whatever it was, must have been pretty bad """IN BOLD : A small paragraph for each of this sub-sub-section> Give Them a goat> Give them all the latitudes they want, without special treatment> Hear them out> Ask them if they have any friendsSkip this book. Take a nap, play with your children or take the dog for a walk !
This book was disturbing in many ways, not one of them interesting.  No one who read SOL and understood the characters could believe that they are the same people in this book.  I enjoy being scared by Thomas Harris; This  book was not frightening just gross.  If you loved SOL &amp; TRD do not  waste your time with this book.  This book was not frightening just gross.
I picked up this book....coz I hoped to find another Da Vinci code....but the rule of four is a slow n dragging book...there is no suspense or no mystery...n the characters lack depth ! There is unnecessary descriptions of private lives...which make for very very boring reading ! Stay away from this ! N I am absolutely not looking forward to the next book by I.C AND D.T !
This is one of two books I've read by Leon that seem to have involved ghost writers (the other is About Face).  Over time, I've purchased most of her books and found each with these two exceptions to be entertaining.The plot of this one focuses on the island of Pellestrina adjacent to the main island of Venice.  Pellestrina is inhabited primarily by professional fishermen and their families.  The plot begins with one of the commercial boats exploding during the night and the discovery that the owner and his son were on board.  A large part of the story is about the complexity facing the main character Commissario Brunetti and his team in trying to investigate a murder in what is a very closed social society. It was a good starting foundation.While the books I've read in this "series" typically involve the same characters, the administrative assistant to Brunetti's boss takes on a much deeper role in this book which in my view detracted substantially from the story.  Her role was "not very plausible" and translated to a ridiculous conclusion.  Likewise some of the circumstances during a massive storm in the closing chapters of the story were too extreme and not at all realistic especially for experienced sailors.  I have noted that the two books that I did not like (this and About Face) were more recent books.  Both seem to have deviated from the approach (some might call it a "formula") of Leon's earlier books which made them so attractive.  I believe the story could have developed well along the same lines by taking a different approach.On the positive side,  the focus on Pellestrina (assuming it's valid) was most interesting and led me to explore more about the area on the Internet .  From a perspective of learning about the culture, it was interesting and insightful.  I found this to be the only saving grace of this book.
Ross  King fails at the core of his mission - to explain how Brunelleschi reinvented architecture. At the end of this book I fell like ive lived in Florence in the 1400's but I have no idea what Brunelleschi really did that reinvented architecture.I know about the machines he invented (mainly because of two good diagrams), but not what is keeping the dome up. I also know he didnt use wooden supports in the construction process but I still have no idea what he really did instead.The explanations of the technical achievements are just so remarkably poorly written. Where was the editor in this book? Page 105 is Kings attempt to explain how the dome was built and it's just plain awful writing. He also has a habit of using jargon without explanation. What's a Nave? You are meant to know (i looked it up). Apart from two, most of the illustrations in the book are embarrassing. This book could really do with some decent illustrations.My guess - it feels like this is what happens when a sociologist writes about engineering.
I thought I needed this book since I must take an acid reducer every day of my life. Maybe I'll go back and give it another chance. Still, just another book to feed our desire to believe there's always something wrong with us.
I have immersed myself in Taoism for some years now.  Recently I came upon a Buddhist who told me this was a good introduction to Buddhism since I had never understood how it was so different from the Tao.The book starts off great. In all honesty the first 50 pages are all that is needed. After that though the author became way too vague and it was hard to understand just exactly the point he was trying to make. Not only that but he brings up the same analogies over and over again saying the same exact thing. Because it is similar enough to Taoism I could understand what he was trying to say but to someone just starting out with Eastern beliefs this would be a horrible first choice. Also he sounds rather elitist at times saying that one who goes searching for enlightenment can't find it. He needs to find it naturally. Well if that were the case than anyone picking up this book would fall into the first category since they are looking for it by reading this. That type of mentality just draws people away from a very good concept.
I thought this book would be brilliant given all the hype. It was alright, the style of writing wasn't really amazing, and the story was something of a short-story fairytale. There were flashes of passion that picked me up in  places, however, and I enjoyed the end. I think I may be biased by the fact  that I don't like short stories (I loathe lack of characterization) and by  the looks of it, Ocean Sea is a much better book.
I am a huge fan of the late Michael Crichton: Andromeda Strain, Sphere and Congo are amongst the most engaging novels that I have ever read.  Sadly, Timeline is a considerable disappointment by his very high standards.  The plot, as one might readily surmise, involves sending a group of people from the 20th century back in time to Europe in the Middle Ages.  In his normal scientific manner, the author explains in great technological detail how this can be done by exploiting wormholes that scientists believe exist in "quantum foam".  But the company which makes this civilisation changing discovery has to invent a few other things in the process: quantum computers billions of times more powerful than any computers today; electronic earpieces which can simultaneously translate from foreign languages for the benefit of the user; and these time travel devices can also similtaneously transport one around the globe (from the USA to Europe, or any other place on the planet).  Any one of those inventions, minus time travel, would still be worth billions or even trillions.  Sadly the company seem to be going broke, largely because the only thing they can think of to try and do to make money is to try and send tourists back to watch historical events.A person might reasonably argue that Crichton is held up to a higher standard than other authors, possibly unfairly.  However, even by more mundane standards, Timeline is a pedestrian book.  Other books which have similar flaws with realism have kept readers entertained by the pace of the narrative and the richness of the characters.  But these are also similarly tepid in Crichton's work.  For those not familiar with Crichton's predominantly excellent body of work, this is not the book to commence an otherwise rewarding journey with.
Although the story was exciting written th a very unpredictable ending I found the skeletal explanations hard to comprehend therefore making this more like a science class than a relaxing. Book.
Brown and Churchill's book is neither rigorous nor intuitive; it is a true pedagogical nightmare. The authors are extremely sloppy with their exposition, structure and rigor.Some trivial results are "proved" with pedantic detail, but even there the proof is not exhaustive. As an example, to prove sufficient conditions for differentiability (p. 63-5), two pages are devoted to setting up some elaborate structure, but the real meat (basically Taylor's theorem) is not even mentioned, rather the authors cite another text. Similarly, equality of mixed partial derivatives is waved off as "a theorem in advanced calculus." What is complex analysis but advanced calculus, and why do the authors here devote space to prove thoroughly trivial results (e.g. limit of sums converges to sum of limits), while leaving out other important foundations?A similar sloppiness is shown even in those results that are more fully proved in the book. For example, the theorem presented in Section 26 depends on a theorem in Section 68! Pedagogically this is inexcusable, as the authors introduce these results willy-nilly, not as a coherent whole; the book must be read at least twice to check its consistency!The layout of the book is awfully confusing. There is practically no white space, and a single font and font size are used throughout the book, for explanations, theorems, examples and exercises. Examples sometimes are placed within the section they illustrate, and sometimes bizarrely they are given their own section. This means that the table of contents cannot indicate the relative importance of book content. Likewise proofs are sometimes given their own sections, sometimes buried in an overly large section.The exercises are mostly computational, and usually they are spoiled by "hints" that are so exhaustive that the only thing left for the student to do is to move some symbols around as directed by the book.In general, the book causes both my mathematically rigorous colleagues and my application oriented colleagues to cringe in pain. Compared to some other works on analysis, this volume is a true abomination. Walter Rudin's Principles of Mathematical Analysis is an exquisite, mathematically thorough and rigorous treatise on the subject, in which practically every exercise is meaningful. That the publisher of the present book dares to charge as much money for this seventy-year old volume as Rudin's book costs is farcical.
This book is mostly flippant late nite sales flim-flam.  The basic theme of the book is to make real money you should buy distressed business for a fire sale price, spend some magical minimal effort which the author will show you(somewhere else) to turn any fungible business around, resell business for extreme profits!!!You don't actually get any idea of how to turn any business around, that's an extra secret info for he will share in his seminars for thousands of dollars.  Also its curious that you don't need any experience in any specific business to turn it around.  So I guess his magical recipe will work with a doughnut shop or an embedded system IC firmware development consulting firm whether you are a janitor or a Hausfrau  -  NEAT!I'm no billionaire, but I've been fairly successful, and I will point out one disturbing passage practically verbatim from the "book".  The author believes that in any deal, someone must lose and someone must win, and he is intent that the other negotiating party losses.  Nice guy this Aussie.  In all my deals I try to make sure its a Win-Win and this is more then possible with some extra effort, and it helps me sleep at nights with a clear conscious.Oh by the way, the author says the bulk of his experience is "reading over 200 books" on business. Nuff said.
I loved "Guns, Germs, and Steel"  and was looking forward to another exciting book on the impact of disease on history. Unfortunately, this is not it. There are some great stories in this book, but overall it reads like a series of undergraduate lectures delivered with minimal fact-checking to an uncritical audience.  In a book intended for non-scientists, it's  appropriate to omit citations within the text, but no sources are listed anywhere, even for whole chapters and the most controversial claims. As teachers, we plead with students not to take claims at face value, but to look at the evidence. Books are listed at the end for "further reading," but no research articles.  There's not much 21st century updating- surely the lovely stories about Helicobacter and language co-evolution and the scary ones about XDR-TB belong here. Prof. Clark knows his microbiology, but is incurious about human genetics, anthropology, and HIV epidemiology, to name just three fields central to  his speculations. We are told (p. 15) that the sickle cell mutation is found "only in Africans indigenous to regions harboring P. falciparum malaria". This is just not true. The same mutation is found at relatively high frequencies in Greek, Saudi Arabian, East Indian, and other populations exposed to falciparum malaria; it has evolved independently at least five times.  He speculates that differences in sexual permissiveness account for Christian vs Muslim differences in HIV prevalence rates in subSaharan Africa. For several  years it's been known that circumcision is highly protective and explains most of these differences. "in Africa...AIDS will thin out the promiscuous and malnourished, and favor the spread of religious puritanism,  particularly Islamic sects..." (p. 253). The book is full of this kind of disdainful and eugenic  language. Dr Clark has his curmudgeonly peeves, which recur throughout; these include  "political correctness,"  the "anti-smoking lobby",  "homosexuals," working women (sloppy housekeepers,  they  expose their families to Salmonella), and the idea of human-caused global warming. (On p. 245,  climate change is described as a natural long-term fluctuation). Did you know that automobile pollution kills germs? Really?  Could be- but you will look in vain for a citation to this non-obvious factoid. The book's language is downright quaint. Not since the 1960's have scientists used terms like "savages," "primitive tribes",  and "promiscuous." These have not been abandoned because of "political correctness," but because they are scientifically meaningless.
Very dry, boring, sloooowwwww, and she gives details about the most minute topics.  ALMOST right down to when she would take a pee in her &#34;prison&#34; 'cause her &#34;guards&#34; wouldn't let her out of her 'prison.&#34;  A small closet.
I didn't finish this book.  I found it too dull even though I generally like Drabble's novels (The Sea Lady is the best IMO).  The Radiant Way starts on New Year's Eve 1979 which was also a crucial time in my life, so I thought I would be interested.  Drabble flings a wide net and takes in many aspects of life in England in the 1980s, following the careers and lives of several families from different levels of society.  Drabble is not, however, able effectively and engagingly to handle this large scope.  The half or so of The Radiant Way that I read drifted and lagged confusedly.  I rarely don't finish a book I've started.  (Alas, I agree with Ropa's terse review.)One minor thing that bothered me is that Drabble uses lots of sentence fragments.  Fragments occur on almost every page.  Often several on a page. (Like that.) This is a cheesy stylistic trope, which Drabble is drastically overusing.I would recommend this novel only if you are very interested in the lives and loves of mostly middle-class and upper-middle-class Britons in the 1980s and the social milieu in Britain during that era.
Many consider this book the &quot;Bible&quot; for graduate level analysis.  Unfortunately, the dialect used is somewhat obstruse.  It is a bit less  terse than &quot;little Rudin&quot; (Introduction to Analysis), but is a  bit spotty in comprehensiveness.The problem is that the alternatives  have problems.  Simon Hall's book doesn't give as many proofs and doesn't  cover the subject matter as much (dealing more with functional analysis).  Royden is probably better, but I have not read it much, and I think it is  less advanced from what I hear.  Folland didn't excite me either.Maybe  it is just a difficult subject to write a good text on, but I bet someone  will come along and write a better one to take over, like Gallian replaced  Herstein in algebra.
I did not find this interesting at all."Little tricks" include:- When meeting someone new, press their pulse.- Don't pat when you hug.- Hover around to see where they sit first.- Give people a schtick name.- Speak s-l-o-w-l-y for nonnative speakers.- Don't speak of your "haves" with "have-nots".- Wave to imaginary friends.If this sound interesting to you, by all means read this book!
Quite frankly, I found this book really boring.  Read it for a book club, so I had to finish it.  Otherwise I would have put it down after the first chapter.  The plot was uninteresting, the characters were crass.  Pretty disappointed.
This book was good for what it was, I suppose. I was recvoering from surgery and needed an easy, fast read that did not require too much concentration on my part. I have read several Grisham novels and would have to agree with other reviewers in that this certainly was not the best work he has produced.  The number one problem was that there was not one iota of suspense! There weren't any twists or turns or anything that made you say "Hmmmm....?"  I kept waiting for something that would actually push this story along, but no such luck. Ninety percent of this book was ho hum, ho hum, and then the story gets resolved in the last twenty pages in an "oh yeah, by the way, this is who did it" fashion.
In nearly all her Regency romances, Heyer showed herself to be a master of character portrayal. This one, unfortunately, is something of a failure in that regard. Well, no one gets it exactly right every time. Nell is the young bride of the much older Lord Giles Cardross, and though she fell in love with him at first sight, she's still not exactly sure why he chose her. He had had a mistress for years, so it must simply have been a matter of convenience for him right? But she'll try to be blas&eacute; about it, not hang on his sleeve and demand anything more than polite civility. That's how things are done at her level of society. And, of course, Nell has everything completely wrong. Giles is very much in love with her, too -- but his dignity, apparently, won't allow him to say so, and her carefully maintained distance convinces him she only married him for his fortune. Nell, meanwhile, has turned out to be a terrible spendthrift with no sense of economy, spending three hundred pounds on a single party dress. And she's been giving money to her gambler brother, against her husband's strict instructions. Moreover, Giles's kid sister, the totally self-involved Letty, still a minor and therefore her brother's ward, is even worse than her sister-in-law when it comes to controlling her spending, and she's also determined to marry a proper young secretary at the Foreign Office, who is of good family but who has no money at all. Then Nell turns up a dressmaker's bill that she had forgotten to give to Giles and becomes terrified that he'll do something terrible if he discovers that she apparently held out on him. The rest of the story concerns Nell's continuing panic as she tries to raise the money to pay the dunning creditor, and her attempts to keep Letty from doing something truly stupid, and to get her brother to help her find the money she needs. The thing is, none of these characters, with the possible exception of Mr. Allandale (the diplomat-in-training), is at all sympathetic. Nell and Giles could solve the problems they don't even realize they have by simply trusting each other and talking. Letty is unremittingly selfish and needs to be sent off to a seminary until she's of age. Her conspiratorial girlfriends are even worse. Nell's brother would benefit from a spell in debtor's prison. The old Heyer, the one whose writing sparkles, finally shows up only in the last fifty pages, but that isn't enough to redeem the book. It's quite a disappointment.
I gave a brief try to Hemingway two or three years ago that didn't stick, though I don't remember the volume. Then, the other day, with full-on earnestness, I grabbed up this book. I thought it was pretty simple stuff. He seems to be write absolutely from the gut. Short sentences, bland sentences. Nothing that is deeply thoughtful or even conscious.He is well-known as a macho writer who nonetheless delivered a genius to mass and critical audiences. But I'm not sure I understand how or why. I ought to try one on his famous novels before haranguing the icon, but there is almost no temptation after reading this collection.I give him credit for conjuring up thick clouds of weird, dark emotion over seemingly fleeting events (one story in this collection, "The Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber, does this particularly well), but the balance was a disappointment.
Just didn't care for this book. Thought it might be something interesting but it wasn't for me, but that is my opinion.
I thought this book was pretty odd.I kept thinking - WHO is the primary audience for this read?  Is it for people wanting to improve their thinking - no, can't be Edward De Bono writes much much much better tomes on critical thinking, much more cohesive and useful.  Is it for Christians, to improve their thinking?  Is it for business people to draw a parallel between project management and thinking styles?  Is it for Christian Business people who may or may not be in the Marines?  LOL - I have no idea who the book is meant for.  And then it's laid out in story format and then in loosely constructed scientific research that throws a few scientific citation bones into the mix.There were several different philosophical systems that kind of ended up crashing together.  Primarily written from a Christian standpoint, you have the journey of a two year old Muslim child who thanks to a group of Marines in Iraq ends up getting a heart operation in the U.S. that she desperately needs.In order to create this journey for the female child and her mother - you have to deal with an unbelievable amount of variables - including an unpredicted snow storm in the dessert.  You can pretty much guess at what the rest of the variables are - the soldiers relations with the locals are tenuous at best - if a child dies on there watch... Next you have these ridiculously pig-headed stone age tribal leaders who announce that they rather the female child DIE than be in the presence of an adult male, without a female during the transit; and then there's money and host families and oxygen for the journey and the journey itself.  I can't list all the factors here, there are too many.  All the time we are not even sure if the child's own father is part of the insurgents who have be-headed many of their own village people in the local soccer stadium.So, now we are going along the story line of getting this little girl & mother to the U.S. and the operation and getting her back to her stone age village mentality where she will in all likely hood be killed in a few years by men who make what they want out of Holy writings - but wait a minute, I'm getting as convoluted as the book - sorry - back to the story line - but no  - the story comes to an abrupt halt and now we've moved on to chapters on discovering our particular thinking styles and the short comings of each style and how to think differently (kind of philosophy 101 down at the local community college - again I digress)when out of the blue - WHAM - we are hit by another story of a crazed missionary stealing Haitian children after the earthquake in Haiti.  WHAT?!?!?  And then we discuss reasons why that all went so terribly wrong.Finally, in the appendix, we get to meet each and every person along the little girl's journey to the U.S. who made it all possible.  The absolute tragedy of this story is this little girl and her poor mum going back 6000 years into a mentality that is unfathomable - but that is not even addressed.  All this courage, brain power, creative thinking, problem solving, energy, time, money, talent that was employed to make this happen - is all for such little tiny fleeting gain.  The mother will most likely be stoned to death as soon as she opposes any male aloud (and believe me now that she has seen a different way - Plato's Cave and all) and the little girl, without follow up care - you see my point.If you are really interested in learning about critical thinking, search Amazon for a book by Edward De Bono, any of his books will do.  Read Plato.  Heck, watch it on YOU TUBE if it's too much work!  And if you're looking for Christian Leadership - Dave Ramsey has a new book coming out sometime in the fall of 2011.  If you are looking for project management advice -seriously - a textbook on using Project software should do the trick.End result - heart wrenching beautiful story with wonderful Christian Americans and Marines - gone terribly wrong in design with philosophical and scientific fact inserted like broken glass into a lump of clay.
I like Georgette Heyer Regencies, but not so much her mysteries. The mysteries are a little more BBC/PBS than I care for.
Childlike in nature. Anyone could do enough basic research online to find much more up to date and relevant information than is found in this book.
This novel, like many of Palmer's novels is a page-turner, but he ruins a good story with his (1) snobby characters ("it's Doctor Solari;" a doctor character tells another doctor character that the police will have to believe two medical degreed people; professional characters are attractive, "non-degreed" characters are fat, have ferret features, etc), (2) stereotyping (security guards are always brutes or dolts or neanderthals; waitresses are always overweight and chew gum; his good guys don't have flaws; his bad guys are ridiculously evil and overly dramatic) and (3) terrible dialogue (way too predictable).  So despite a good story, like his previous novels, the shortcomings noted above take his novels down a couple of pegs for me.  And he's done this in the last several novels.  I gave him one last chance, but I'm done with him now.
Agree with the first reviewer. Wilder has taken the novel and chopped it up into a travesty of a book. Don't waste your money. Buy the Penguin or other classic edition. Wilder is an opportunistic companythat makes money from out-of-copyright work, desecrates it, and then puts it up as its own. Don't give them your money.
Not very useful if you are looking to improve your business.  Would appreciate a deeper evaluation and more robust case studies.  Seems as if authoer is using re-treads of basic McKinsey axioms over and over again.  The 80/20 rule...seriously?  This is not worth buying the book.
This is really two books; one is on agile development. The other is on design pattern examples. Unfortunately, it fails to be really tremendous at either.The agile development part lacks much of the pragmatism of more recently published books on agility, espousing principles quite nicely, but avoiding all of the tricky issues around larger teams, products where the architecture -- as well as the product itself -- is a deliverable, etc.The design pattern examples were pretty reasonable, but there are already more comprehensive tomes available online for free. The examples provided were just large enough to obscure the reading of the patterns themsevles and inhibit browsing (unlike the GoF book, which treads that line quite nicely).
I guess I am one of the few people who lost interest in the book about half way through. I just couldn't finish it. I found it too wordy and very slow.
This story is confusing and keeps shifting from one thing to the other. It wasn't what I expected it to be. I think it should have been better thought out. It doesn't make much sense and is not entertaining.
I, too, am an avid Elizabeth Berg fan, but I agree with scm326 in her review, that this book seems to be written by an entirely different person! It didn't make me care about Sam or her life. The characters never got a  chance to develop. Just when things were looking interesting...it was cut  off. Like her older &quot;roommate&quot; goes off and gets married? Her  husband finally wants to come back, but it's too late, and it's over in one  sentence....!  I was really disappointed and am already hoping for a new  book that I can &quot;gobble up&quot;, like Durable Goods and Joy School!
I am a professional stock and options trader interested in exploring the Forex. Mr. Dicks has written a book designed to make the reader a customer of his Forex brokerage. A significant portion of the book is directed to instructions on how to navigate his web site. His explanations of certain important orders (stop loss and limit) are confusing and poor. His trading rules are worthwhile but can be found in almost any book on trading, Forex or otherwise. Overall, the book is a sales pitch for Mr. Dicks other enterprises. In my opinion it is not worth reading.
What a disappointment!  I love well-written science-fiction and appreciate good writing, so I bought this because of the reviews.  The problem was that this novel turned out to be a deadly boring "romance," not even well-written, confirming a long-standing inclination to be cynical about professional book reviewing.  I didn't mind the explicit sex, though we could have had less of it, or occasional four letter words, or the punk tastes.  The first hundred pages are gripping, but then the characterization disintegrates and the situations began repeating.  As for the writing style: ultimately I became annoyed with the author's incessant use of the present tense, which is just too, too avant-garde and in a long novel SO irritating.  By page 200 my attention was dragging and I started noticing that my capacity to care for the characters was running out of steam.  I gave up at about page 300 and speed-read the rest of it. 531 pages of artsy, psuedo-intense romantical writing were just too much, plus those unnecessary High School English questions at the end.I confess that romance novels give me a pain, anyway, and the pantingly hot ones are the most boring (those my mother used to call the "plunging neckline school of writing" and a college friend once termed "make-out novels for those who don't"). The plots are unreal, especially the sex, and this one was sillier than usual.  Henry's ridiculously exaggerated sexual prowess made me wonder about Niffenger's fantasies. Because the author placed soap opera in the forefront, science-fictionally the plot fell apart.  I spent my early childhood in Chicago, and it's COOOOLD in winter, so the primary puzzle for me was why Henry never froze to death somewhere along the way.  (Maybe everyone should have moved to the Equator.) The characterization was uneven and the main characters became less interesting as the story went on, until they irritated me.  Clare wasn't strong, as some reviewers claim.  She was obsessive, but that's a weakness, not a strength.  I found her wimpy, not terribly bright, and far too willing to be used.As for Henry, I could NEVER visualize him working as a librarian!  For one thing, how did he keep from popping out of sight in front of library visitors?  How could he work at any steady daily job?  It seemed that with his developed lock-picking and wallet-stealing "talents," not to mention his tastes and minimalist conscience, he would more naturally have drifted into a life of crime.  In lacking a conscience he seemed like a psychopath, more of a Ted Bundy than Mr. Hero, and that brings me to point three.Soap operas all have one thing in common:  they actually PRAISE obsessive and possessive behavior, as if it were a good trait rather than a chilling evil.  This novel makes all those mistakes in portraying Henry. Clare, too.  To love "forever" implies possession.  No matter how often the characters in this novel mull over free will and predestination, it's obvious that the author prefers predestination, since it excuses her characters' blind possessiveness. I might have enjoyed the novel despite its obvious flaws -- or at least not disliked it -- had the author limited her fantasies to 150 pages, no more than 200.  Too bad writers are paid by the word.  If you really must read a science-fiction love story and want one that's well-written and makes some sense, read the novelette, "At the Eschaton" by Charles Sheffield. It's in Gregory Benford's 1995 story collection FAR FUTURES. Sheffield, who may be sci-fi's all-time most sensitive writer, understands the obsessiveness of his male character, whose wife, being in cold sleep for eons, isn't bothered by it.  He packs this story into about 150 pages, and for goodness sake don't bother with the expanded novel, TOMORROW AND TOMORROW, which is as padded and boring as the Niffenger book.  But "At the Eschaton," in the form of a tightly-written novelette, is a touching love story without the usual soap opera baggage which THE TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE has in sickening abundance.
I bought this book and have bought others like it for Oprah's endorsement and because I enjoy human stories such as Bastard out of Carolina and Cane River.But this book was so slow moving and as others have commented - the characters utterly unlikeable, irritating and downright silly.Why does Lestor barge into the house, hold the family hostage and then proceed to inflict his rage upon them?  There is no reason for his silly behavior other than that he is separated from his family and very bitter at his situtation.Other than that - the writer never truly leads up to this climax.  One of the most irritating things about this book - is Dubus' awful and annoying mis-use of California settings.As any early, unpublished writer will tell you the first thing you learn in creative writing 101 or in any other writing class is "write what you know."  I wish Dubus would have learned that lesson.This Massachusetts author proceeds to write about the California coast and its settings in an inaccurate manner.When Kathy and Lestor begin meeting - they meet in a Carl's Jr.  Are there any Californians such as myself out there?  Well, Dubus proceeds to tell us that the Carl's Jr smells of chickens and potatos and all the bar stools were filled....pardon me???????????  Bar stools????And as Kathy and Lestor are eating - a waitress comes by to top off their coffee...huh??????????In case you aren't from California, I'll just say that Carl's Jr. is a step above McDonald's and not a big step at that.  There are chicken sandwiches but no stools and certainly no waitresses wandering around the place topping off coffee.  Sheesh!My point?  Right from the start - when a writer isn't writing what he knows and is making such annoying mistakes as this - that's bad -  and shows he's a sloppy writer.I would pass pass PASS on this sloppy characterization, silly story lines and overall BAD writing.And Dubus?  Please write what you know and stick with the East coast.  I mean how hard is it so write diner...hmmm?
This book was tedious, a chore to read.  I forced myself to the end but never enjoyed it.  In fact, it only got worse.  It should have been called Sex Adventures in the Time of Cholera, for there was barely any true love in it.  What a waste of time.
I read this book years ago in German and I remember liking it back then. I started re-reading it and it is a lot more boring than I thought. It's mostly common sense advice. I am having  a hard time reading it.
Perusing the 200 odd reviews of this book -- 98.9999% of which award a Five-Star rating -- I am compelled to admit... never in my life have I seen the phrase &quot;tears of joy&quot; used by so many people in so many ways.But I am also compelled to admit that Richard Bach's &quot;Illusion&quot; is as others claim: it is a simple and easy read. But so was Robert Munsch's book &quot;The Mud Puddle&quot; and Dr. Suess' &quot;Green Eggs and Ham&quot;. And while I enjoyed both of these books at seven, neither, I think, changed my life in fundamental ways. I just got a kick out of the rhymes and the pictures. Unfortunately for Bach, his philosophy is so simple that his pictures can't help. Oh. And he doesn't rhyme either.People complain that philosophy is usually presented in &quot;dull and complex&quot; ways. The reason for this, is that philosophy includes COMPLEX IDEAS. And complex ideas, regardless of literary approach and style will remain complex. Stephan Hawkings' &quot;A Brief History of Time&quot; proves this. Sure, we can all read about wormholes and envision Asimov-esque time machines. But can we place these ideas into their proper context of complex astro-physical calculations?  Unless you sign with S-A-G-A-N, I wish you good luck.Truth is, Bach's &quot;Illusions&quot; is simple because the philosophy is simple. In a line: &quot;You can do what you want!&quot; He's taken the story of Christ (the misunderstood, persecuted Messiah - Don) sprinkled on some quasi Buddhist ideas (Illusions / Renunciation - Don &quot;quits&quot; because no one listens) added one part Nietzsche (Be creative! Take control!) and topped it off with miracles to hold the interest of those already bored with the ideas and the pictures.What this books amounts to is philosophical windowshopping -- pluck all the fuzzy happy ideas from some major historical schools of thought and put them into a fuzzy happy feel-good-about-myself story. Be sure to avoid the darker areas of life. Write safely. Take no risks. Cross no lines.It would be nice if we could all walk on water. It would be nice that anyone not born into privilege could &quot;create&quot; the same opportunities for themselves through &quot;hard work&quot; and &quot;will&quot;. But this is often not the case. (See HISTORY 1000 B.C. -- circa NOW). Read Herman Hesse's &quot;Siddhartha&quot; for a better literary rendering of the life of the *real* Buddha. And read &quot;Ecce Homo&quot; or &quot;Thus Spoke Zarathustra&quot; by Nietzsche for a truly stylish account of joyish affirmation.In the end, this is a book is simplistic borderline boring. Its for cozy people without a whole lot of real problems. And if you're wondering what I mean by this -- If you can turn to any page of this book and there's a quote there to solve your life's problems, then you really don't have any problems.You probably just forgot your cell phone near the cappucino machine back at the condo.
This book tramatised me.  I read it when I was in the fourth grade.  It was the worst book ever.  I recomend no one reads it.  It was a waste of paper and ink.
This book first came to my attention when I was in eighth grade (1979 or 1980 if that matters) and watching an episode of the "Lou Grant" TV show.  The episode was about book burning and censorship in general. Catcher in the Rye was one of the books that was mentioned by name as inspiring hatred in some groups of people (along with Slaughterhouse Five, and a certain editions of the Dictionary which contained "dirty" words).  Rossie (one of Lou Grant's star journalists) picked up Catcher in the Rye out of the pile and said he couldn't believe anyone would want to ban it, and that book helped him survive his teenage years.  Naturally after seeing the episode, I went out to the local Library to try and find and read all of these forbidden books for myself, to see what was so bad about them.I read it at age 13, and just did not get it at all.  I mainly didn't understand what a "phoney" was in the context that Holden Caulfield was using that word, and didn't understand how a person of his age could have so much freedom (to stay in a hotel on his own, wander around New York City on his own) and still do nothing but whine and complain.We were assigned to read the book in my Sophomore year in high school, and even with the benefit of being two years older, I still didn't appreciate the literary value of it.  Holden was just a insufferable whiner in my opinion, and I couldn't identify with him whatsoever.  I decided it must be a baby-boomer thing.It wasn't until I read "Less Than Zero" by Brett Easton Ellis in the late 80's that I got a clue to why baby boomers loved Catcher in the Rye so much.  One of the reviews of Less Than Zero quoted on the back cover said "... this is a Catcher in the Rye for our time...".  Less Than Zero was one of the most raw, shocking, disturbing books I had ever come across, and it made me think that maybe in the early 1950's when The Catcher in the Rye was published, it was raw, shocking and disturbing to audiences at the time.  If that's the case, then I can understand why it holds a special place in the heart of baby boomers, and people from that generation.Even so, Holden Caulfield will always be an insufferable whiner as far as I'm concerned.
In my quest to acquaint myself with well-regarded contemporary authors, I chose this particular work because it was a winner of the Mann Booker prize several years ago. What a disappointment. The reader is forced to follow the main character through a series of slimy encounters with the underside of South African life-prostitutes, rapists, family members in angst, caged dogs, and gangs of disaffected natives. The work begins and ends on sour notes and I was quite sour by the end.It will be a long time, if ever, before I attempt another novel by this author. There are numerous beautifully written works out there, many of which deal with angst in one form or another, and I am sorry that I wasted my time on this one.
All the bad reviews are true.  This book is abysmal.  It's painful to read.  It is horribly written.  Even worse, within two months, the binding on my brand new copy fell apart.  It's criminal the publisher ask $100+ for this trash.  Professors need to boycott this book - FAST!  Do your students a favor and use the Roth books and/or just make-up your own notes.  UPDATE: To the credit of the bookstore manager where I purchased this book and the publisher, my copy was replaced with a new one after I showed them how much it had fallen apart in such a short time even with normal use.
The book moves at at very slow pace and there is almost no action.  The authors spend about 1/2 of the book describing the relationship of the 4 college roomates.....boring.  I was very disappointed.
It's hard to know what Harris was about when he penned this.  Perhaps he was trying to avoid a formulaic sequel.  I'll never know.  But whatever it was he was trying for, it didn't work out.Some critics accused him of betraying his characters.  It's hard to see his reasons for having his characters do blackflips, but they're a whole lot less convincing and less engaging this time around.  Barney went from being noble to perfidious, Starling from complex to frankly a little stupid.  Where Silence of the Lambs featured some truly beautiful prose, some of the dialogue in Hannibal is wincingly bad.  The whole conversation between Lecter and Starling on whether he had to give up breast feeding for his younger sister was less than elegant, and some of Starling's dialogue was the polar opposite of her character.  Some of it was just out and out bad.The 'psychology' was ham-fisted and unconvincing.  Why Harris felt the need to 'explain' Lecter is hard to tell, but it didn't work.Perhaps because some of this book is written from Lecter's point of view, it is far less engaging.  The reader can't invest in it in the same way as Silence of The Lambs.  We have nothing to lose.  Nothing is at stake.  Perhaps this is because the characters have nothing to lose.  They are all so glib and uncaring.He frequently sets the reader up for disappointment by employing thrilling devices that go nowhere.For reasons known only to Harris, he has chosen to showcase his erudition in Hannibal.  It is to the exclusion of the reader and not at all entertaining.  We are instructed to listen, not to participate.  He also frequently self-plagiarises.Not his best work.
I liked Stegner's "Angle of Repose", but this book just seemed to be too depressing.  The main character keeps reminding the reader of his body falling apart and the ravages old age inflicts upon us, sooner or later, if we live long enough.The story that takes place in the main character's past, as he recalls it, is interesting and filled with splendid descriptions and illustrations, for which Stegner is indeed a master.  But the downer, for me anyway, is the continual return to "present day life" of the main character, his negativity, and grim outlook on life.Not enough optimism in this book for me, nor enough deep sorrow to provide a moving experience.  I didn't feel like it delivered.  Sorry.  :(
I tried to read this book three time . I get a little farther each time  ,BUT STILL put it down. JUST  run and save your money. Wish  we  could get our money back on these books.  Thanks
Loved early Roth (Goodbye Columbus etc.) but he has been going straight  downhill for several years.  This misshapen thing is terrible -- not least  because of the cardboard cutout cliche Vietnam veteran character. A  beginning writer would cringe at stooping so low; from one of America's  previously better novelists it is appalling.  Not many groups left to pick  on and be PC -- Nam vets and rednecks are the only two that come to mind --  but this think is fatally flawed and ugly.
I confess to not reading the whole book, but what I did read was some of the most self-aggrandizing and unsubstantiated ... I have ever read.  His condemnation of index funds being what comes to mind first.  Here's a guy who tells you "a lot of people are going to get hurt" for investing in this "doozy," yet the index funds have held up just fine in this down market - and in fact, have held up much better than many actively managed funds have.  His index fund diatribe is total nonsense - it is obvious he doesn't understand the foundational logic to the passive index strategy (not to mention the numerous academic studies and historical data that shows their superiority over the the vast majority of managed funds).  And his quick dismissal of the huge tax advantage of index funds because taxes have to paid eventually anyway was beyond idiodic IMO.  The less one pays in taxes, the more money he/she can invest for the future currently, and of course, no mention that short term capital gains (often distributed in regular managed mutual because of signigicantly higher turnover than in index funds) are taxed at ordinary income rates, not the 20% long term capital gains rates - all of which, of course, can dramatically decrease after tax returns.  His analysis, if one could even call it that, of index funds is flat out wrong.  I wonder, has Ric lost commission money from index fund savvy clients of his?
I was employed with a large Fortune 500 company at a time when the following tragedy occurred. On a beautiful early spring day, a recently-terminated higher-level employee, a young man only a few years out of college, strode into the cafeteria at lunchtime and fired a gun into the heads of his former supervisor and four other employees, killing three, then himself.This type of scenario repeats in businesses, schools, shopping malls, even movie theaters and churches. There is an increasing need for understanding in this field accessible by the reader having no experience in behavioral science, a field which has virtually exploded in knowledge in the past two decades.The book contains generic advice, and you may find some limited help in it for some specific kinds of situations. Much of what people usually seek help for will need to be found elsewhere. If you are dealing with persons who have genuine mental issues (there are more than a few around, and the nature and scope of the difficulty unknown), you will find no help here. If you are in a closer situation with the person, such as a family member, you will want to look elsewhere for advice.I do not know the authors, but am sure they have good intentions. They are Naturopaths. Naturopathy is a type of healing for the body that avoids surgery and prescription drugs, using instead natural remedies.Interacting with people, and particularly "difficult" ones, is in the domain of psychology. The authors do not refer to having any formal behavioral science background. In part, the book contains familiar errors that laypersons often make which are not reflective of a formal background. You will find no reviews or endorsement of the book by psychologists.Notably, this book extensively "borrows" concepts that had been published well before this book, in the book, "Coping with Difficult People: The Proven-Effective Battle Plan That Has Helped Millions Deal with the Troublemakers in Their Lives at Home and at Work" by Robert Bramson. Bramson is a psychologist and his work reflects 14 years of research. The customary references and credits are not given, but the further concern is that the concepts of Dr. Bramson have been distorted.Here is a list of the similarities of this book with the former:Bramson book (1981)1-Sherman Tanks2-Snipers3-Exploders4-Know-it-all5-Super-agreeable6-Indecisive7-Silent Unresponsive8-Negativist9-ComplainerKirschner and Brinkman book (1994)1-Tanks2-Snipers3-Grenades4-Know-it all5-Yes person6-Maybe person7-Nothing person8-No person9-WhinerFollowing are some specifics of the advice given in this book. The list could be much longer, but these will serve as illustration:1) The 10 Most Unwanted List:This is the backbone of the book. This would be The Tank, Sniper, Grenade, Know-It-All, Think-They-Know-It-All, Yes Person, Maybe Person, No Person, Nothing Person, and Whiner. Added to that is another scale, the "need to get it done" "need to get it right" and so on.Human beings are not so one-dimensional as to fit into such simplistic categories. However, Bramson did set up this system to show "some common patterns in the behavior of difficult people which can be identified and described (and) which description helps set the stage for taking effective action" (Bramson 1981), and do not refer to any actual persons.That having been said, the book begins with a study of the "Tank":"Martin suddenly felt like he was staring at the business end of a loaded cannon, as his new boss, in no uncertain terms, informed Martin that there was no room for goof offs and slackers in his outfit. Eyes bulging, voice blustering, Joe Sherman warned Martin not to even think about wasting time on this job, because there were plenty of people desperate for work... It wasn't that his new boss had anything personal against Martin. Rather, in classic Tank fashion, Sherman's aggressive verbal attack was motivated by an intense need to get things done."Leaving aside for the moment whether in this day and age any supervisor speaks in such a manner to any employee on any job, the book is determining that Sherman's motive is an intense need to get things done. In fact, Sherman could have been motivated by two dozen or more other things. We are not able to read the minds of other people. (Burns 1980) Unless we are psychologists, our task is not to play diagnostician, nor guess at motivations, but to learn proven methods of interacting with people. A reader who takes away the idea that he or she now knows how to psychoanalyze people "belonging to the category Tank" or that such analysis is necessary, is being underserved. If they actually repeat such a notion to the "Tank" person, it may not facilitate communication.2) Control, dominate, battle:The vocabulary a person uses reflects their manner of thinking. In this book, in the first 32 pages alone, these words and phrases are used, which, unfortunately, do not reflect the art of getting along with people:aggressionaggressiveassaultattacksbattlebelligerenceblamebulliescannonconflictconfrontationcontradictioncontrolcrosshairsdefeatdiabolicaldominationdominatingescalateexplosionfistsgrenadehellhumiliationintimidaterantingravingrubblesarcasmscornshotsniperthreatthreatenedthwartedupper handpushing you aroundripping you apartrunning over youThis is not the vocabulary of any proper method of dealing with people, even ones you "can't stand." In fact, anyone who generally thinks in terms such as these, is probably a pretty ineffective communicator and runs the risk of being considered to be a difficult person themselves.3) Pygmalion power:Pygmalion is a mythological sculptor who fell in love with the statue he was sculpting. It is also a comedy play. Professor of phonetics Henry Higgins makes a bet that he can train a young woman, Eliza Doolittle, to pass for a duchess by assuming impeccable speech.If someone else not your parent or supervisor were to take the attitude that you are a person in need of being instructed, what might be your reaction? Well, that is how other people are apt to feel.4) Blend and Redirect:"Mimic the person's facial expressions and body posture/gestures, talk at the same volume level and speed. If she smiles, you smile; if she leans forward you do the same; if she scratches her head, you may suddenly get an itch. Match the volume of their voice and speed they talk. All this tells the person, 'I'm not the enemy!'""Take charge and redirect them."Assuming you are not the parent or supervisor of the other person, please put yourself in the place of the other person and ask yourself how much you would care to be mimicked, taken charge of and redirected. Well, that will illustrate how the other person is likely going to feel.5) Look and sound like you understand:"Be sure not to change their words into your words, because that would be evidence that you didn't understand.""While it is virtually impossible to reason with an emotional person, it is possible to look and sound like you understand...you can surface hidden agendas and reveal lies without being adversarial."Surface hidden agendas and reveal lies? What if there are none? Emotional person? When you are emotional, often it seems the other person is being over-emotional, and that may not be true. Too many assumptions can get you in trouble. And it is not always "virtually impossible to reason with an emotional person," in fact, very often, reason, in the form of calmness and listening to the person, is often the only method that will work.6) Direct attention where you want it to go:"Telling people why you are telling them something before you actually tell them is a simple method for directing attention where you want it to go."Is the person a child, or your employee? If not, it is not the business of one adult to direct the attention of another adult, and is this unlikely to make them feel kindly toward you.7) Identify highly valued criteria:This is advice which has been published by others, and is intended for situations when a group is working on a project. Criteria, or goals, are identified, then participants brainstorm to find mutually agreeable ways to achieve the objectives.Used in this book: "Any time you identify criteria in a discussion, you generate more flexibility and cooperation."Simply tell your manager about the goals you have identified, and generate their flexibility and cooperation. Thus, on pages 70-71, we have an employee late with his project dealing with his upset manager; the advice for the employee:"Hold your ground; interrupt; backtrack; aim for the bottom line and fire: the boss demands to know why isn't that project finished, it's a month behind? Your advised reply: Boss, I understand you think the project ought to be finished already. From my point of view, the time I'm investing in it now will save time and money in the future."Now that you've advised your manager about the criteria you value highly and taken charge and redirected them, you just might have plenty of time to wonder why his or her attention did not go where you wanted it to go.8) Teach them better behavior for their own good:"To create self-motivation for change you have to show them how something important to them is lost because of their behavior."Is the something you are showing them really something that is important to them, or is it something that is important just to you?Is the person a child, or an adult?9) Make specific suggestions as to what they can do differently:Are you giving the other person advice which they have asked you for or which they have not asked you for?10) Allow them to continue behaviors:Allow them? Are you this person's parent or supervisor? If not, then, like it or not, you really have no control over their behaviors.Summary: This is a pop-psychology book about people in the workplace which may offer some limited help in a few situations, possibly about 30% of the situations most people encounter, and you will find this out for yourself in using it.Recommended books on this topic:1) Messages: The Communication Skills Book - McKay, Davis and Fanning2) Working Anger: Preventing & Resolving Conflict on the Job - Potter-Efron3) How to Deal with Annoying People - Phillips and Alyn4) Toxic Coworkers: How to Deal with Dysfunctional People on the Job - Cavaiola5) How to Solve Your People Problems - Godwin6) Coping with Difficult People: The Proven-Effective Battle Plan That Has Helped Millions Deal with the Troublemakers in Their Lives at Home and at Work - Bramson.7) Last but not least, more generally on the importance of this topic: Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ - Goleman
I read this book and it really put me in the right frame of mind to fix electronic items.  When I was done reading I found that my mood and approach were just right and my attitude towards the job ahead was good and positive.  I had an optimistic outlook to electronic objects and a logical direction to jog forward towards digital cameras and yaesu transceivers.  My spirits were lifted when I thought about the money I could save repairing my own transmitter after I had made the initial investment in shop room, tables and furniture, air flow control, oscilloscope, precision meters, instruments, hand tools and coffee pot.  I just felt right and really thought I might be able to get ahead in the electronics field. I highly reccommend this book to enhance one's concerns and ideas about hard drives and CD players. Its all just a simple matter of putting the probes in the right place, turn the meter settings just right, remove the old solder and put in the new part after first bending the Tom Servo armature back just right and then re-aligning and tensioning the laser spring gazooklers....for those of you not aware - the foregoing review was what is known as SATIRE (or PARODY if you are from Martha's Vineyard)...this book gets a ton of excellent reviews but I have yet to see a review where someone reports as follows, "...I bought this book, read it and then went on to actually successfully repair my 2009 Samsung LED TV by first identifying the defective pixel module drive rectifier coupling condenser IC at location 977 on panel 3, after first disassembling the upper and lower bicuspid innoculators and removing the obscuring Sistine pincer assembly from the pinocchio clamp connector. ....the new parts only cost $115 and I was able to accomplish the diagnosis and repair in only 11 days...I accidentally split the support casing while prying off the red spiralled gazookler, but with glue and a hot iron it tensioned back up OK when Mom wailed on it for me..."  In other words, everybody loves and praises the book but nobody so far has reported that they have actually diagnosed and fixed anything electronic as a result of reading this book.  Barnum and Bailey had a name for people who buy this book, and that includes myself. I actually was lulled into forgetting for a moment that you actually have to KNOW STUFF to repair  electronics, and many of them are designed not to be repairable at all even by those who made them, robots usually. If you think this book will help you diagnose and fix your ipod, tablet computer, cellphone, digital camera, or GPS unit you are sadly mistaken...I don't know what items the author was referring to when he talks about fixing "everything electronic"  ...it must be in a parallel universe.  My advice  -  save the money you were going to spend on this book and all the expensive service equipment the author thinks you should buy and put it all aside to buy replacement new electronics when your present stuff breaks down.  Put diagnosis and repair completely out of your mind.  You'll also be saving money on counselling and group therapy sessions avoided later on when everything you try to repair never succeeds ( it wasn't meant to  -  modern electronics were never designed to be repairable anyway so don't feel bad.) Entire economies of several Asian countries depend on electronic gizmos that are designed to have a service life of less than 18 months, be completely unrepairable, and intended to be discarded as obsolete within 2 years and replaced at exorbitant mark-ups. ALL modern electronics are CAD/CAM designed, with mass quantity robot populated boards that are wave soldered and then jig assembled with oneway fasteners layer upon layer....you need a special multithousand dollar jig machine just to get the GPS/iphone plastic external case OPEN without breaking 6 tabs and rendering it all useless....repair is impossible and if your item is over 18 months old it is already obsolete and not worth putting money into.  Steer a wide course around and away from this pleasant but totally useless book.
Nearly three years ago, I endeavored to read this novel at the behest of my sister, who had raved that it was the first installment of an excellent series. And nearly six months ago, I finally finished the wretched thing.I wouldn't normally have wasted my time on such a monstrous atrocity, but in this case I was determined to trudge through it - if only for the simple pleasure of being able to righteously blast it with the authority of someone who's suffered through the entirety. (Yes, I do have an odd stubborn streak).What happened was that I had taken it to keep at work at my 2nd job, wherein I'd put in approximately one night shift every two weeks, to read there on my breaks. Yet I soon found that even the task of turning to it once every two weeks was sometimes an imposition far too great to endure.  To remedy this irksome dilemma, I always made sure to bring another book with me to which I could turn.  This went on for years.In any case and not without a lot of pain and suffering did I finally manage to be done with it.  So I'll get on now with my review:Highly touted as a time-travel historical romance, OUTLANDER chronicles the trials and tribulations of Claire Randall: a young wife who, while on Scottish Highland holiday to rekindle her relationship with her husband at the end of WWII, stumbles upon some kind of time warp near some standing stones and gets conventionally sucked back in time to the Year of Our Lord 1743.Once there, she gets taken in by a clan of Highlanders who, in order to protect her from the English - specifically, a sadistic colonel bearing not only the same last name, but also a striking resemblance to the husband she'd left behind - marry her off to one of their own: the novel's proclaimed hero, Jamie Fraser.Indeed, there are so many things wrong with this book, and so little room here to list them, that I'm almost at a loss on how to proceed.  I'll start by saying that the writing is bland and commonplace at its best; and the dialogue, rampantly inconsistent in both theory and form, does manage to be consistent in at least one respect: its deft ability to grate on one's nerves.Furthermore, Claire is a heroine with very few redeeming qualities.  Though I guess she's pretty, and has an acquired knack for healing from her work as a trauma nurse during the war.  She's also in possession of a disdainfully shallow disposition.  Here was a reasonably happily married woman who apparently had little qualm in the undertaking of a polygamous marriage.  She then proceeded to carry on like some hyena in heat with the dim-witted brute she'd shamelessly attached herself to.Now as for the hero, I must say that Jamie Fraser has got to be the most repulsive ingrate ever to grace the pages of literature (and I use the term "literature" very loosely here, mind you) - a wife-beating, blubbering simpleton who, with all the heinous injuries and humiliations he'd had to endure throughout this story, really should have been put out of his misery, not to mention the reader's, quite early on.Overall, I really must say that I did manage to derive some little inklings of pleasure in the reading of this - there were parts and passages so blatantly bad that I could not help but be highly amused - actually found myself chuckling aloud a few times, at two or three o'clock in the morning, variously over the years it took to read this.  Therefore, I have to hand this novel 1.5 stars.  I merely rounded it down due to my own vast disappointment.
Ernest Hemingway has made alcoholism into a fine art, because that is basically what all his novels are about. This was the first piece of work I read by him and I wish it had been the last. There was no plot, no meaning, no story and, ultimately no point. The characters were bland and unlikeable. I can sum up the content of the story:drunkenness, anger, hopelessness, drunkenness, depression, and more drunkenness.
Temperance Brennan on another forensic trail.  I never got into this book.  It is mundane and characterless.  I don't think there was a need for the personal issues being just dumped into the last chapter.  The protagonist in this story simply comes out of nowhere.As I was thinking about this review, I actually lowered my initial rating to 2 stars.  I know that a Kathy Reichs fan (including me) must read every book she writes.  Don't expect to be blown away by this story.  BTW - the title of the book is a stretch.
This book came highly recommended from a friend who knows me well.  I really wanted to like it.  I really wanted to push through.  I've enjoyed Garrison Keillor on the radio.Why did I struggle?  I don't know.  I am an avoid and voracious reader, but I couldn't get past 6 pages in 3 readings.  I blamed myself for the first 2 attempts, but I blamed the author after the 3rd and pitched the book.  Just too slow.
I've read the first 4 books in this series one after the other, with no books in-between, and would rate all of them 5 stars.  So I was expecting this one to be similarly excellent.  Sadly, this huge book can be described in one sentence---at least the 300 pages I waded through:  "The Frasers lived in 18th century North Carolina."  That is the plot.  Period.  But what really made me put the book back on the shelf was the endless references to Brianna's breastfeeding.  Okay, once or twice:  I get it.  But it's seemingly on every page.  So...if you want boring details about 18th century life in North Carolina, go for it.  You're interested in all aspects of breastfeeding?  Be my guest.  Otherwise, don't waste your time.
I purchased this book to learn more about Google +, the difficult to get started service from Google. This is the most biased how to book I have ever read. A good author of a manual will give you a tour of the features and tell you what works, what doesn't and what could be improved. This book is strictly "I Love Google +, and You Should Too." There is actually a chapter that tells you how to evangelize your supposed love of Google +. I found this book downright condescending. For example, you should use the Chrome browser because of all the extra extensions available. I am not a fan of the minimalist Chrome since it tends to hide or not easily enable features I use in Firefox or IE. This is solely suggested because the author loves Google and mentions that throughout the book. Every chapter starts with a quote, one or two is fine. The reader does not need to be badgered by constant pithy remarks. Other social media services are frequently put down for their "limitations." The whole focus assumes the reader is joining Google + to start interacting with the masses and wants to be the life of the party. Another example, two types of social media users, those who want tons of followers and those who are liars. I rarely use it because I haven't found a compelling reason to. Quite a statement from someone supposedly trying to get newbies to use the service. He also states you should spend a considerable amount of time on the service. G+ has no where near the amount of users that Facebook or Twitter does. Not everyone who uses a social media site is social butterfly with lots of time to kill or desperate for friends. When I read a manual, I want the good, the bad & the ugly. The Missing Manual series does just that, while being entertaining, funny & informative. Unless you are a believer that Google can do no wrong, look elsewhere for a book with a balanced perspective. When a great majority of the population isn't using a service, there is generally a reason why.
I attempted to start this book 4 or 5 times, each time putting it down, frustrated that it just didn't keep my attention past a few pages!  I finally just sat down and decided it had to be read.  I got thru it, though I can't tell you how many times I had to consciously bring myself back to what I was reading!"Influencer" is not your typical `self-help' book.  I found it difficult to read and felt as if I was reading a textbook (as some other reviewers have also mentioned).  I agree that this book could be condensed, perhaps making it an easier read - and getting to the point of what the book was written for.The best book on the market (in my opinion) for influencing is written by Dale Carnegie, "How to Win Friends and Influence People."  This was required reading by one of my college professors 17 years ago, and I still refer to it today!  If you want to know anything about influencing - skip this book and read Dale Carnegie's!-1smileycat :-)
I should have read the description.  Not an art book.  It is for computer program designers.  Oh well, sent it back.  The cover is great.
After having read 50 pages I still hoped something was going to happen... But it didn't. I hoped the characters would evolve... But they remained flat. I hoped I would find some relevant information among the endless and dull descriptions... But most of it was superfluous. I was bored all through the book. Simon Serrailler, go back to Italy and stay there.
I gotta say I was disappointed. Haley of Part One was an interesting character; I was hoping to discover more of her in Part Two. Instead, the story goes in another direction entirely. Now that I've finished the book (and at the risk of giving away the plot too badly), it started going downhill after the grandmother was written out. Moreover, some loose ends are leftover at the conclusion (for example: in Part One, Miss Powell's personal life seems to be loaded with innuendo; in Part Two, she's just sort of "there" as a secondary character).The last 25% of the book seemed predictable. I went from "She seems kinda neat" at the end of Part One to "Who cares!" at the end of Part Two.
Just read the book, it isn't anything new.  In fact the John Wooden system and the system used by the Russian tennis school, and every other story has been told a thousand times.  It is the same old concept we all know already.....the people at the top of their professions work the hardest, a kid must have some motivation to start down a path, great coaches and teachers gradually build a wall of skills or knowledge by repeating things until the kids get them and then move on, and you must practice just at the edges of what you can already do to truly get better.  The 10000 hour theory has also been shown over and over again in various books.Nothing new here, too much self promotion for the author and his family....save your money.  Its all common sense things that we all know already.
I just purchased "Their Finest Hour" by W. Churchill -- for Kindle.I was hoping, given the state of my vision, that I would be able to get a a kindle version so I could adjust the font size.Unfortunately, the charts are completely unreadable.I read this in several reviews, but the dates of the reviews were such that I thought they might have been referring to an older Kindle version and hoped the problem had been corrected.No such luck.Unless Rosetta fixes this problem the book is a great disappointment.However, Amazon has a return policy that will let you return the Kindle version of this book if you act within a week.If you want to check the book out, I recommend downloading and immediately checking the charts and tables to see if they will work for you. Then you will have a chance to return the book if they are a problem.
The author believes that the CEO's statement in the annual report has value in determining how well run the company is. Interesting idea. What is missing in this book is the work needed to substantiate the idea. Two problems:- Evidence that this idea is valid. The only evidence we get is a couple of case examples. Sorry not good enough.- A methodology to use. The book does not contain any systematic approach to analyse the statements. We get clues but most information is held back.Needless to say, the author runs a consulting company.The book was recommended by Warren Buffett. This is the third book of his recent recommendations that I have read. He should stick with investing!
I consider this book to be confusing.  Too many new characters I can't relate with, maybe because I did not read Silence of the Lambs, I saw the movie.  I have had to go back to re-read chapters because I am lost.  The  book has gore it's just not what I expected.  I am very diappointed.  I was  expecting more.  I would not recommend this read to anyone.
The writing in this book defies every basic rule of decent, quality writing to the point it is distracting (at least for anyone who knows anything about writing).  Cliche's are endless, dialogue is terrible, there is so much interior and 'telling' rather than showing it bores the reader to pieces, and the whole first act drags on when probably 75 percent of it could have been cut.What I found most disturbing about this book, however, is the homicidal thoughts toward a simple young boy - for almost no reason.  I get it, a prisoner is going mad, but I don't want to read about these disturbing, unnecessary images.  Elements of the book are also chauvinistic to its core.  I know, it was written some time ago now.  Still disgusted by it, though.
this is the 1st time that i previewed a kindle book, bought it, and then absolutely hated it. the author is legendary for being a derivatives expert. perhaps it was this fame that allowed me to  overlook how much the preview sucked. i trade derivatives so i was hoping for an insight; instead, i got a rambling narrative of current financial stupidity. the narrative is only worthwhile for those who've been asleep for the last 10 years.
The popularity of the Mitford series only shows how far our taste and expectations have fallen.If bestsellers like the Left Behind series are the benchmark, yeah, I guess this stuff is genius.If, however, you think the likes of Jane Austen, Flannery O'Connor, George Eliot, Tolkien, Conrad, Sayers, or any of the great storytellers set the artistic benchmarks, with perhaps Agatha Christie or James Michener as standards for quick, popular reads--you'll be amazed that these lightweight books are so gushed over. It's a laugh-tracked sitcom set down as a novel, about as sustaining as a tiny watercress sandwich at coffee hour.Whoever said Karon was the contemporary Flannery O'Connor never read Flannery O'Connor. You might as well shove poor ol Tiny Tim into the ring with the Terminator as compare the two.Just because a book is &quot;Christian&quot; doesn't mean we Christians have to pretend it's better than it is. And as Christians, we ought to get out and read a little more before employing superlative adjectives.
In order to clarify for young and nave readers what Campbell has done in this book and where his thinking leads, it ought to be renamed "A Look at Humanity's Past through the Eyes of an Atheist-Darwinist." Campbell evinced great contempt for the Book of Genesis, considering those who take its words seriously, or at least as possibly valid, as immature bumpkins. Grownups, according to Campbell, turn their backs on Genesis, and believe in "science" instead. Campbell wrote that science "makes the babel of the Bible seem a toyland dream of the dear childhood of our brain." As an Atheist-Darwinist, Campbell ignored or dismissed all evidence he came across that tended to validate the events and the time-frame described in Genesis.Let me give an example. In THE MASKS OF GOD: OCCIDENTAL MYTHOLOGY, he features an illustration of a Sumerian seal from 1500 BC, whereon are pictured a man, a woman, a tree, and a serpent. We think immediately of Eden. But Campbell writes that this "cannot possibly be" the representation of a lost Sumerian version of what happened in Eden. Why not? Because, he writes, there is no "sign of divine wrath or danger to be found. There is no theme of guilt connected with the garden. The boon of the knowledge of life is there, in the sanctuary of the world, to be culled. And it is yielded willingly to any mortal, male or female, who reaches for it with the proper will and readiness to receive."But this is exactly why it is Eden. This is the view of the events in the garden taken by Kain (Cain) and those who embraced his way. They defied and ultimately dispensed with the angry God, so He and His wrath are not going to show up here. There is no guilt because there is no sin; there is no sin, or falling short of the ideal, because, according to the line of Kain, Adam and Eve did the right thing in taking the fruit. In Genesis 3:14, Yahweh condemned the serpent to crawl on its torso and eat soil. On the Sumerian seal, the serpent rises to a height above the seated humans. Why? Those who hold to the belief system of Kain revere the wisdom of the friendly serpent who freely offers the fruit of the tree of knowledge, enlightening the two progenitors of all humanity so that they and their offspring might be as gods, knowing good and evil.How do we explain the fact that Campbell misses something so obvious and so basic to the study of what he calls mythology? He must ignore any and all evidence and insights which contradict his atheism or his whole system falls apart. Note that Campbell does not refer to the Eden connection as improbable or unlikely, but as impossible, as something that, in his words, "cannot possibly be." As a Darwinist academic, his atheistic standpoint demands that the Book of Genesis be treated as a fable, and that all ancient art and literature that tends to validate the events of Genesis, be treated as myth. If it means he must wrench away art from its historical significance and pry truth from its moorings, so be it.Scores of authors have followed in the dark and murky paths carved out by Campbell and have thus been drawn into wasteful pseudo-intellectual excursions of their own. LADY OF THE BEASTSLady of the Beasts: The Goddess and Her Sacred Animalsby Buffie Johnson is one book among many which shows how the teachings of Campbell have limited and befogged many writers. In her book, Johnson features seventy pages devoted to the serpent in the ancient world. Over and over, she stresses the importance of the serpent. Over and over, she points to the connection between a woman, a tree, and a serpent; but she cannot see the Genesis connection. That is because her standpoint is based on that of Campbell and other atheist-Darwinists.Buffie Johnson features an illustration of the same Sumerian seal Campbell pictures in his book on Greek myth, and which I have discussed, above. Here is what she writes about it in her book: "Although there are similarities, the possibility that this could be an early version of the Adam and Eve story has been DENIED by archaeologists" [emphasis mine].Note that she does not say that archaeologists have disproved it, or refuted it, but have denied it. All Darwinists (I like to call them what they believe they are: Slime-Snake-Monkey People) must deny the possibility of an Eden, and deny every bit of evidence that suggests or points to a Creator; likewise, they must deny all the evidence which points to the inextricably related idea that the Book of Genesis is a true account of human origins. Their denials are a matter of atheistic dogma, not of true science or logic.Campbell's work is sloppy and dogmatic, and it hides the truth rather than revealing it. Greek art itself tends to confirm the existence of the people and events described in Genesis. For the evidence please see my books,Noah in Ancient Greek ArtandThe Parthenon Code: Mankind's History in Marble.
This book comes across like a listing out of Who's Who of the era.  Extremely light on technical detail, it has almost no information about the building of the Titanic, or about the hearings held after the sinking.Lord takes great pains to avoid offending the reputation of anyone on the ship, including the captain, the designers, and the builders of the Titanic, even though their collective and individual negligence was responsible for the disaster.  The captain is portrayed as a stalwart, steady individual, though he was ultimately the individual most responsible for the sinking and deaths of quite a number of people.  There's no mention of why he was running full steam through an icefield, despite half a dozen radio warnings concerning ice in the area.  Incidentally, Lord's description would lead you to believe the Captain was chosen because of his popularity, not ability, and he bears no blame because the rich people liked his affable personality.The construction of the Titanic is described as 'watertight compartments'.  No, they were *not* watertight, or the ship wouldn't have sunk.  There were watertight bulkheads between compartments, essentially dams until the water level rose higher than the top of each bulkhead.  Maybe the captain believed that 'watertight' description was accurate, and didn't bother to look himself.  Maybe that's why the disaster happenned.Lord doesn't do anything to clarify the 'why', only the 'who'.The Wretched Reviewer
I read book reviews on amazon before I purchase books, in order to ensure that I am getting books that have helped the most people. I figure there's strength in numbers, in a manner of speaking. That's half the reason I ordered this book by Maria Forleo -- good reviews. The other half of the reason was the title: Make Every Man Want You. Who could resist a title like that? It was too intriguing to pass up! I wanted to know what these so-called secrets were.Sadly, this was indeed a case of GREAT marketing... way too great. The title completely oversold the book. What I expected to read was a helpful guide overviewing some of the pitfalls that trip up women and make them self-sabotage on dates. What I found instead was a useless pep talk written by someone who honestly comes across as a 20-year-old college cheerleader. "You're so fabulous!!" and "You are an amazing, irresistable woman!" scream up at you from every page until you want to shake the book and throw it against the wall. Honestly. I wanted to yell, "I know that! I have a graduate degree, I'm not a moron! Tell me something useful." I completely agree with the reviewer who said that Forleo doesn't present a single original idea in this entire book. It's basically a book of other people's thoughts cobbled together in the peppy cheerleader voice. Some highlights:-- You're irresistable!-- Live in the moment! That's all there is!-- Embrace your is-ness (does this remind ANYONE else of You, Me and Dupree when Owen Wilson becomes famous for his series of books and lectures on "harnessing your inner 'ness'"??? No? Just me?)-- Love is not eternal, so don't be surprised when your husband, boyfriend, lover falls out of love with you-- Take care of yourself physically so guys will notice how irresistable you actually are! (really? I needed a book to tell me that?)-- Don't quit your hobbies when you get a boyfriend (again... seriously?)I found the middle two the most annoying. I spent 15 bucks to have someone tell me to embrace my inner is-ness?? I mean, maybe if it were Dale Carnegie and he were saying it in his winning, proven way. But peppy cheerleader? No thanks. The other one was about love being transitory. I just found this sad. Do you really want to read a book by someone who says that love doesn't last and that you should only stay together as long as it does? She's not talking about love, people. She's talking about lust. The whole NATURE of love is that its forever. I know I'll meet with some disagreement on this front, but I stand by it. I don't want to read a book about dating by someone who doesn't even believe in love.All in all, this book is just a waste of your resources. I thought Have Him At Hello was much better. I was at Barnes and Noble one day and glanced at it, then quickly got sucked in when I saw the immense amount of time and research that went into writing it. The book is written by a Harvard MBA who interviewed a thousand men, often spending 30-45 minutes with just one guy! She talks about her findings from the guys' perspective on what makes them decline to ask you out for a second date :)
enough typos on first page to be puzzling.  have purchased better edition and expect to enjoy.  amazon please split kindle reviews into format and content.  and split reviews into dead tree and kindle.
Claims to the heavyweight title, to the all-consuming, all-powerful, "Great American Novel", perforce, must needs involve orgiastic consumption, sex, passion, commerce, on the grand scale.  There can be no veiled gesture, no muted note, no conversational tone, in either discussion of the work in consideration, or in the work itself.  Americans, eternal children that they are, in a cultural sense, will only be satisfied by the very biggest big-top, the grandstanding-est grandstand, the three-ringiest of three ring affairs.  At this point, whatever P.T. Barnum quote springs to mind first may be mentally inserted by you, dear reader.Seen through such eyes -- that is, the wide-eyed ones of the American Child -- something like "Sister Carrie" may very well be "The Great American Novel."  For certainly, no one has ever painted the themes of MONEY, SEX, and CLASS, with a broader brush, or heavier strokes.  Flannery O'Connor says that when Henry James received a manuscript that he did not like, he would return it to the sender with the remark, "You have chosen a good subject and are treating it in a straightforward manner."  The poor dolt on the receiving end of such a critique would go away thinking that his effort had been praised, unaware that the good subject is never properly disposed of in a straightforward manner.  James's remark is particularly apropos of Dreiser's manner, which is straightforward in the way that a charging bull is so.  Along the way, he shatters all of the china in the shop, crunching the medium-sized pieces into smaller ones under his massive heels.  There is little or no art in his approach, and much of the book feels like "chaff".It particularly drags in those sections where he describes a single action by a character over the course of tens, or dozens, of pages.  Two particularly egregious examples are Carrie's initial search for work, and then Hirstwood's subsequent search to the same end later in the book.  Both of these episodes, although they are important to character development, could have had the same impact at about a third to a half of their unedited length.  This same comment could be leveled at the work as a whole.In all, it is not surprising that Dreiser's reputation has shed much of the bloat that his novels never will.
I have this book in paperback and it's very good - I'd rate it 5 stars.  I ordered the Kindle edition so I could take it traveling and it is virtually unreadable.  Much of the grammar and exercises - most of the Spanish words are in the "picture format" not the type format so you have to zoom to view them and they are still difficult.  Also it interrupts the continuity of your study.  I have a Kindle 2 so it may work better the larger screen DX.  My advice - order the book in paper.  It's a great book - too bad it's practically useless on the Kindle.
Offred, the narrator of the novel, is a Handmaid, or live in surrogate for a couple that are unable to have a child.  There are scores of Handmaids in this town located somewhere in the US northeast, and each are assigned to a family.  They have very limited rights and can only go certain places at certain times with certain individuals.  Life is governed largely by religion, but only a certain and conservative type of Christianity.  There is no religious or personal freedom.  The Handmaids dress all in red with white wings attached that prevent them from making eye contact with others.  They are discouraged from conversing with others.  And they only have three attempts to bear a family a child or they will be banished, or worse, killed.This is the story of Offred and her experiences living with the family of her Commander.  She chronicles her life as a Handmaid with glimpses back into her life before the country took such a drastic turn.  We learn, through her, what it is like to be a female in this situation and the frustrations that come to her because of the limits that have been placed.  She also explains how some find a way around the rules, but that everyone basically lives in fear of being wrongly persecuted and put to death.This book was very strange for me.  An extremely interesting concept was lost for me in the format.  The author mixes Offred's present day experiences with her past within single chapters and often with confusing transition.  And the true nature of what is actually going on is revealed so slowly that the first third of the book was simply confusing.  This novel strikes me as the type that is often made a part of literature classes while leaving many students confused and in the dark.  The ending felt even more disjointed than the majority of the book and left me wondering about the stability of the author.I realize this is a highly acclaimed novel, but it simply did not find a fan in me.  I did not enjoy the author's style and felt that such a facinating and discussion worthy topic was lost amidst an odd format.
This story is amazing. But because the author is also a fraudster how much is to be believed here? I just can't get over that. A fraud writing about frauds. What a world, what a world.Right after he wrote this book the author wrote a fraudulent biography of Howard Hughes,  took money for it though and ended up going to prison for his actions.
I bought this book and read it based on reviews that I had seen on CNN and other places that said it was just as intriguing as "The DaVinci Code."IMHO, it wasn't.I think if the book had removed all of the story about the Hynperwhozeewhatsis and was just a story about the four friends at Princeton coming of age and dealing with their own individual tragedies, it would have been a better book.I think there were two major differences between this book and "The DaVinci Code" that really separate the two:1.  As "The Davinci Code" went along, Dan Brown used things (i.e. the Mona Lisa, etc.) that we have all seen and can even look on the Internet to see again when they are mentioned in the book and say, "Yeah, that could be."  In "The Rule of Four," the only thing mentioned is the Hypnerhoohah, a book which very few people have seen or know about (to be honest, I thought they were making it up until I checked on the Internet).2.  Just in case, ******Possible Spoilers***************The secret in "The DaVinci Code" had a much more global reach than in this book.  Here, the secret really seems to affect only one person, whereas "The DaVinci Code" has a hidden meaning that could have conceivably affected just about any person in the world.I'd go to the library to read this, if you wanted to.  Save your money.
I agree with what the other reviewers have said about this book not focusing on dividend investing as the title would suggest. The first portion of the book is about budgeting and managing expenses. Good, solid, basic advice but probably not why you bought the book. Then there are sections are mistakes day-traders have made and the author's own experiences as a day-trader. Interesting enough but again, this is supposed to be about investing with dividends in mind. In this mix there are maybe twenty-or-so pages allocated to actual dividend investing strategies. There are a few plugs for his website though. And in terms of actual portfolio allocation with respect to a strategy of earning dividends? Nope, none of that either. There's really no information in this book you wouldn't find online or as part of a more comprehensive guide to investing. For this reason, I really would not recommend this book.
*sigh* I've read Red Dragon and The Silence of the Lambs, and this is by far the worse of the three. It reminds me of my experience with Micheal Chrichton. I'd read Congo, Sphere, The Andromeda Strain, and Jurrassic Park when I picked up a copy of The Lost World. Not only was the book contrived and poorly written, but Chrichton actually took the pains to contradict his last book (the vision of the T.Rex), causing it all to come across as fluff. Hannibal is in the same gutter: both this and The Lost World are hartily written, money-grubbing commercial sell outs, based upon the success of a film. I never did finish The Lost World.Hannibal I finished. I didn't realize as I was reading it how bad it exactly was. Only in retrospect . . . Hannibal's story is wasted: he simply tries to fit in so as not to be caught. Harris should have explored the possibilities, but he doesn't. The &quot;Mind Palace&quot; attempts to do this, but unltimately seemed silly and pointless. The great dialogue between Hannibal and Starling is gone, replaced with uninteresting characters (Verger and his sister) and manhunting.The man-eating pigs are out of place, meant to be menacing but nearly comical in their oddness. My reaction to the pigs and their trainers are similar to my reaction of the book as a whole: Why??
I love the book, I don 't like the condition that I received it in.  The whole bindary of the book was missing.  I had to glue the whole bindary so that I could read the book.  This book is not used, it was abused.
Martin Reed, the protagonist of Slaughter's MARTIN MISUNDERSTOOD, is one of those hopeless, graceless, spineless, worthless clods who is usually portrayed in the movies by people like Ben Stiller.  With bumbling, unappealing characters of this sort, you can often see, miles ahead, the galvanizing catastrophe that will take place, altering the "-less" of the man and showing how it hides a bunch of "more"s.Not so here.Martin works at Southern Toilet Supply, his desk situated, of course, directly next to the bathrooms.  His coworkers (even his subordinates) are unabashedly disrespectful of him, his foul-mouthed mother spends most of the book verbally emasculating him, and when a body turns up in his neighborhood, he unwittingly becomes suspect number one.  As the equally downtrodden Charlie Brown might say, "Good grief."No, Charlie.  Not good.  The story is peppered with little conveniences and coincidences that fuel the misunderstanding of the title, leading Martin straight into the spotlight as a possible murderer, but none of them are all that interesting.  I was trying to figure out, halfway through the story, why I found the plot so unsatisfying.  I decided to do a little background research, checked out the press releases, and discovered something that shocked me.This is supposed to be a comedy.Are you kidding me?  The best word I can think of to describe the writing is "efficacious."  It gets you through the basics, but doesn't provide much more, which is normally fitting for murder mysteries.  But, alas, this is not a murder mystery.  Great Caeser's Ghost, this is supposed to be funny!  Once that realization came to me -- that Martin's job, his horribly caricatured coworker "Eunique," the pranks pulled on him, and his momma's leering, sneering grotesqueries are meant to be humorous -- suddenly the flaws of the book came into stark focus.Slaughter, apparantly, put all of her energy into attempting comedy instead of, oh, I don't know, interesting characters, interesting situations, interesting complications, twists, or descriptions.  Instead of these things, Slaughter spends all of her time trying to come up with humorous bathroom products and more barely-racist characterizations for Eunique to utter.  Stick with what you know, Ms. Slaughter.  Don't you remember that old axiom?  "Dying is easy.  Comedy is hard."  Not that I can say for certain that Slaughter's normal genre -- the crime thriller -- is benefited by her contributions to it, either.Knight's reading of the book is fine, and in spite of the uninspired dialogue, he certainly gives life to a few of the characters (Martin's mom first among them).  Other than Eunique, though, the women all sound the same -- like barely effeminate, moo-ish versions of Martin.  He reads fluidly, and it's easy, in some ways, to let that draw the book along.  But that's all that does it.  I won't blame Knight, who chose this text for his first foray into the world of audiobooks.  After all, I can't imagine enjoying this, even if Morgan Freeman were reading it.
I thought this was a very bad piece from Karin slaughterI couldn't get into this at all very very boring
This was an awkward mystery for me to read because it seemed like the author was trying too hard to add depth and complexity and only made it rather stilted and confusing.  Much of the book is simply not very believable, such as a Norwegian policeman coming to Australia and carrying a concealed weapon and getting so stupendously drunk that he gets into very violent confrontations.  An awkward love interest ends in a convenient but not very believable way.  I haven't read any other of this author's books but I do hope they are better than this.
Shlain offers cherry-picked anecdotes, but no evidence. He claims that the evil right hand holds the weapon, while the good left hand holds the baby. The left hand may hold the baby, but the right hand is holding the spoon.Goddess imagery and a high status for women are not the same thing. Condider the USA. American coins used to have female images. But does that mean that women had high status? No, it doesn't. As women's status grew, the female images were removed from coinage. I'm not claiming that removing women's image from coins helped the status of women, only that the use of female imagery in no way implies a high status for women.Feminism has long roots in the literate world. He glosses over works such as "Vindication of the Rights of Woman", because they undermine his premise. Such works were vital. The suffrage movement was a literate movement. If his premise was true, this shouldn't be possible.He claims that the written word alters the brain. But he is a neuroscientist, if there was evidence, he should be able to produce the test results. Show me that the written word alters the brain in a way that makes people less feminists. He claims that the content doesn't matter, only that it is written. If this was so, then "Vindication of the Rights of Woman" should have made people less feminist rather than more.He claims that the bull is a female symbol, because, as he claims, the uterus and ovaries look like a bull's skull. Well, no they really don't. Even if they did, most people would have seen a bull, a lot less people would have seen the reproductive organs of a cow. And in that part of the world, the cows have horns too, not just the bulls.All over the world, literacy empowers women. Education is the best way to raise the status of women. If the written word was so detrimental to women, why do repressive cultures attempt to suppress female literacy. Here's an experiment: Next time you are in someone's house, look around. Do you see many books, few books, or no books at all. Then ask yourself one question: how feminist is this person? You will find that the person with many books is more likely to be feminist than the person with few or no books. This shouldn't be possible if Shlain was correct.Women read much more than men. Again, this shouldn't be possible is Shlain was correct.
If you love memorizing dialogues, this is the book for you.  If you're like me and want to know why what you're saying works the way it does, don't get this book.  I have a master's degree in foreign language, and usually I can get the basics from reading a grammar book.Not this one.  The pronunciation guide alone is like deciphering Morse code in pig-Latin.  Using the CDs helps, but they don't pronounce every vocabulary word, and Irish can have sooooooo many pronunciations.Irish grammar is complicated.  Heck, I'd rate it right up there above Russian, but the chapters treat complicated grammar concepts in little bite-sized paragraphs with three or four examples.  The more complicated the language, the more examples are needed to get the point across since there's not an actual teacher there.I eventually turned to Rosetta Stone, which pronounces EVERYTHING and makes me pronounce it back.  It doesn't throw 15 grammar concepts in one lesson with a dialogue about registering at a language school.  Now back to "Teach Yourself Irish."  The only thing I found it remotely useful for was referencing grammar concepts from the Rosetta Stone program, and even then it's difficult to understand the text.  Concepts aren't ordered by "genitive case" or "lenition" in the table of contents.  Instead, they're ordered by "describing people" and "telling what you do for a living."  I've since ordered a different grammar book to use for reference.The moral of the review:  buy this book if you're desperate, but there are better options out there.
This is often a required textbook for mythology. It is a compilation of lectures given by Campbell in the 1970's. First, the material is very dated, with examples of space exploration and then new psychedelic drugs. His conclusions cannot take into account the subsequent facts we know to be true.Worse, I found Campbell's writing to be unnecessarily contorted in a pompous, egotistical style. It is not necessary for a writer to constantly attempt to &#34;prove&#34; he is more intelligent than the reader. It was annoying and pointless, since his grandly announced revelations were in fact simple repetitions of the then current psychological trends mixed with Eastern mysticism.
There were a couple of Lance stories I hadn't heard before, but, overall, it wasn't a good Lance book nor did it impress me as a motivational tool. Save your money: re-read It's Not About the Bike. It's better written, tells a better Lance story and is a darn sight more motivational.
EVEN with the attempt of a heavy story, this book fails to envoke emotion on a subject that deserves a harder look. typical Grisham, the writing flows, is easy to follow and can be finished during dinner. The book builds up and but doesn't have a major conclusion, not a lot of excitement and no empathy for the main character. In The Firm, my heart was racing, in the The Street Lawyer-nothing. It is not a bad book and I will probably continue to read his novels, but this is one of his weaker stories.
I tried to read this book numerous times, and on each occasion I would get so frustrated with the pale, barely visible print that I would put the book down. It seems as if this would be a simple, basic requirement: print the type with enough ink so you can read the book. Apparently, that's too much to ask for. Here's where having a Kindle would be helpful as you can adjust the contrast.As someone who writes for four websites, two of them my own, I find this a fascinating topic. What a pity I wasn't able to glean anything from their expertise.
In a comic book format, Larry Gonick tries to cover all of American history, from the discovery of the New World by Europeans until the 1991 Gulf War. The book had a lot of potential, but for me, it really fell flat.Despite the flaws, the book does pretty much cover everything in American history, albeit not a lot of detail.There are numerous problems with the book. The first is the bias. I hate to sound like some raging conservative, but this book had a very liberal bias. He always seems to give credence to a liberal view of historical events rather than a more objective view. For example, Franklin Roosevelt is shown as a saint whose New Deal policies got America out of the Great Depression while Reagan, and his policies, is shown as a complete buffoon. I am not saying whether or not I agree with this type of view, but the point is the bias is there. Another example regards Lyndon Johnson (Democrat) and Richard Nixon (Republican). Although Johnson is derided mainly for his policies in Vietnam, at least his admirable accomplishments are mentioned (namely his Great Society programs). The only things he says about Nixon's presidency are bomb Vietnam and Watergate. None of his more admirable aspects are even mentioned in passing.Another is the omissions. He spends a page explaining colonialism before spending not even a whole page about the Spanish-American War. There is no mention of the explosion of the USS Maine, yellow journalism, or the situation in Cuba. The reader is led to believe the war was nothing more than an imperialistic venture (I know there is a lot of controversy surrounding the Spanish-American War, but still). The section on World War II is woefully lacking and really contains almost no information on the war itself.The book is at times repetitive. Any American who knows anything about American history knows about the unfortunate history of slavery in the United States. So why must Gonick remind the reader again and again in the book up until the Civil War? It wastes space that could have been used for detailing on other subjects. I know that this being a comic book means there is some limits in space, but this is ridiculous.There are also cases of factual errors. For example, he mentions explicitly twice that the Mexican-American War was an undeclared war when in actuality Congress formally declared war on May 13, 1846. He says President Bush (Senior) started the War on Drugs when Nixon was the one that started it.The last several pages (from the 60s on) are almost unreadable because it sounds less like history and more like the author's complaints about the times he was around for. Like this gem:"And who could blame him [George Bush]? Drugs were a real problem! And so were falling real wages, the loss of decent jobs, skyrocketing housing costs, increasing poverty, decaying public schools, an epidemic of sexually transmitted diseases, homelessness, hopelessness, and a near collapse of society within the burgeoning black underclass..."The entire book seems to try to paint the most politically incorrect view of history beyond the point of annoyance. His sense of humor did not always work. Sometimes it was good and others not so much.I would be lying if I said I did not enjoy certain aspects of the book though. I did find the caricatures of many people fun to look at and his style can be fun at times. Although the quality of the cartoons throughout the book vary greatly from extremely poor to way better than anything I could draw.I find it rather difficult to recommend this book. If you know little about American history or are trying to teach someone, especially children, than pass this up. It is far too skewed to be useful in that regard. If you already know American history pretty well and are willing to look pass the liberal bias, than you might find some enjoyment out of it.Update (October 22, 2010): Since writing this review, I have only read one other Gonick work, specifically "The Cartoon History of the Universe I," which I thoroughly enjoyed. It is now clear to me that The Cartoon History of the United States is definitely not up to par, both in content and quality.
In only the first chapter of McWhorter's nmew book, I found a half dozen grammatical errors, nor to mention the fact that McWhorter believes that "artful" means something that is praiseworthy for being artistic. "Artful" means sleazy, sneaky, dishonest. Doesn't this professor of language know that?In addition, there is repeated flouting of the rules on the use of pronouns. Here is a sentence that you must re-read a few times to parse: "The person who only processes information beyond their immediate purview in nuggets is not educated in any meaningful sense." What does "their" refer to? Is it really what McWhoreter wanted to write?And he commits what this retired copy editor regards as the cardinal sin: "He might not have even made it off of the lectern."The "of" after "off" is a crime. But beyond that, the "even" belongs before the "have."
I, like a number of other readers, do not understand how this book came to be one of the best-selling management books of all time.  Having read dozens of books on management, leadership, etc., I find myself compelled to disqualify positive reviews of this book as possibly being submitted by people who are either not well-read or who do not have much experience in the management/leadership arena (or quite possibly a myopia-inducing combination of both deficiencies).The book is overly simplistic, condescending, painfully obvious, predictable and unimaginative. You would have to be a manager terribly lacking in self-reflection, self-awareness who is wholly lacking in any capacity for introspective praxis to have your eyes opened by this book.  (However, I suppose that if you are a person lacking in such capacities, then please, by all means, do read it!) If you are an employee and your boss gives you this book, s/he is basically trying to tell you that you are a dead-weight who's going nowhere in your company unless you get with the corporate program.  Similarly, if you are the boss and a subordinate recommends that you read this book, s/he is trying to tell you that you are a bonehead and that you don't deserve the position that you currently hold.The book is very short so I guess the most I can say for it is that at least when you waste your time reading it, you won't be wasting too much of it.  I finished the book and thought to myself, "Now there's an hour of my life I'll never get back!"  Do yourself a favor and put your hard-earned money towards reading something of substance on leadership like Collins' Good to Great, Rima's Leading from the Inside Out or any of Greenleaf's various works on servant leadership. I'd go as far as to assert that the average 9-to-5er would probably find more insight into adaptation practices by reading a handful of Dilbert cartoon strips (and would certainly enjoy him/herself more!)(By the way, as of Oct 2009 there were 2200 'used' copies available from independent booksellers on Amazon.com starting as low as $.01.  What that means is that sellers are willing to give away their copies hoping you're at least willing to pay the shipping.  That's how bad they want these off their bookshelves!  Prospective buyers beware -- there's a reason that there are so many of these available at such a low price!)Update to Original Review -- Unbelievable! I have just discovered that the author has come out with a children's and a teens' version of this book!  Three troubling observations occur to me: 1] I thought the original book was infantile so the kids' version is redundant.  2] These conspirators (author, publisher, distributor, etc.) have obviously found a way to expand their pool of unsuspecting victims by now going after our children's hard-earned book money.  3] And they appear to be interested (read: self-interested) in perpetuating the creation of mind-numbed corporate robots by brainwashing their would-be victims with this drivel at an ever-earlier age.  I never thought that I'd find myself a proponent of book-banning censorship but we can't take this outrage lying down: Demand that this book be banned from the local elementary school and public libraries and school or community book fairs!
This book is easy to read and provides the authors insight into a few of his clients and how they grew personally and spiritually from a psychodynamic viewpoint.  Perhaps what I didn't like was that it rambles far too much and sometimes I found myself getting lost as what the whole point of the story was all about.
The unbelievably large number of people who think this is a good book is very scary.  I hope these people are not important decision makers.  Everything bad that can be said about this book has been said before, so I'll just compile a "Best of" list for you.  (By the way, in case you're wondering, "Dr." Johnson's degree is in education.)Regarding management and corporate American in general* This book is the cop-out for managers who believe in change for change's sake.* It's corporate brainwashing of the kind that science fiction writers have been warning us about for decades.* Never have I come closer to the mind crushing monotony and impersonality of corporate America than when I read this book.* No, change is not a good thing when it happens on a regular basis. That means upper management can't make up their minds.* If you are thinking about buying this book, I assume you are a manager of some typeRegarding the intellectual level of the book:* I have never felt my intelligence more insulted than when reading this.* It's patronizing, shallow, insipid, and still manages to be patently insulting to those employees who might actually be capable of analytical thought. That's quite a feat.* Should appeal to intellectually challenged only.* It is a sad comment on our culture, society, and educational system that so many people have found this inane drivel to be "life-changing".* (...)BR>* (...).* Distilling these important matters into the inane parable of mice in a maze is a literary device meant for grade school students.* The book presents an excellent reading for absolute imbeciles or people high on drugs.Regarding the message of the book:* It teaches that you must not struggle, succumb to the will of the greater power of management, and accept change without regard to whether it is appropriate or not.* Don't think, just go with the changes as we prescribe them. If you don't, you're inflexible or afraid of change.* The ideas in this book could have been expressed in a paragraph and even then they would not have been worth the time to read themThe people who more productively decided to just make jokes about the stupidity that is this book said:* As I was already familiar with the concept of reality and how to deal with it, the book was not particularly helpful.* Your time would be better spent just taking a nap.* Buy real cheese. Don't buy this sorry excuse for a book.* I think people like it cause it can be read and finished while sitting on the toilet.* Resistance is futile!* Any manager who would try to force these ideas on their employees would be better off just spiking the coffee with anti-depressants.* The South Park gang would find it too puerile.If you were even mildly amused by anything in this review, then you are already infinitely better off than if you read the book.  Now please vote "Yes" on my review (after all, I just saved you $14+).  Thanks!
Atonement is a novel about... well, nothing. This book isn't all that thick, but reading it feels like an eternity. This is supposed to be a tale of love, a tale of two characters who are brought apart by horrible circumstances. So why is it that I never actually did find a semblance of love in this story? Or a semblance of plot for that matter? The characters are always interrogating themselves, to the point of being very annoying.The book starts with an incredible chapter where a young girl is tryin to stage a play for her brother who she hasn't seen in ages. But that afternoon, Briony sees her older sister Cecilia swim naked in front of their neighbour and hired hand Robbie. That event changes her life forever.And after that? Well, the book falls into an oblivion of tired cliches. A young girl is attacked and Briony falsely accuses Robbie of the crime. Of course, every one believes her even though everyone knows this young girl is a dreamer and has a tendency to lie. Worse, we never actually do feel the love between Cecilia and Robbie. They are supposed to be lovers, and yet Cecilia only discovers her feelings for the boy on that very doomed day? They spend seconds alone together and that makes them lovers?The book then brings us through a series of cliched war events. Robbie, after a jail stint, is brought to fight for London. Cecilia becomes a nurse. Soon enough, Briony follows in her footsteps. Nothing new is offered here. I'd seen it all before, and much better written. Pages after pages of meaningless battles, of nursing dying patients... in these parts, it's almost as if the first half of the books if forgotten and put aside simply to incoroporate these war events in the story.There is a very interesting chapter in this novel where Briony has sent a story to a magazine and receives the notes from the editor. The editor tells her that the story was nicely written, but to not 'dwell for quite so long on the perceptions of each of the these figures. Simply put, you need a backbone of a story. Our attention would have been held even more effectively had there been an underlying pull of simple narrative. Development is required.' I wish McEwan would have read his own notes, because this represents the book's problem. This is all talk, all thoughts, and no action. No real plot. No real narrative.I love literary novels, but I still need an ounce of narrative to make me care about it all. No matter how great the writing it, without a plot, you story means nothing. Strip away all the introspection from this story and you are left with a few pages of plot. That's simply not enough to sustain a novel that is nearly 400 pages long. Atonement has some good ideas, but they are lost in a rambling, repetitive and meaningless narrative.
Anybody who has lived in San Francisco or its surrounding area for more than a month or so knows that you don't call the city, "Frisco."  It just isn't done.  To do so is a sure way to identify yourself as a rube or a hayseed.  That residents of the Bay Area in this novel on more than one occasion refer to the city as "Frisco," is a small but very telling example of the careless way in which this novel was written.  It is, in fact, sloppy and careless in just about every respect.The story has to do with an ignorant, drug-addicted, alcoholic American female who loses her San Francisco-area home because she is too lazy to open the mail, and fails to see the notices from the county that she owes taxes on the place.  An Iranian immigrant, formerly a colonel in the Shah's army, purchases the place at auction and moves in with his family.  To prove to her family that she is not a nitwit, the female decides she is going to get the place back.  He, having legally purchased the place, naturally refuses.  If this doesn't sound very interesting, it is because it isn't.The story, for this first half anyway, is told in alternating chapters and in the first person by both.  It is a tactic that fails miserably.  To show that he is an Iranian immigrant, the author has him write sentences like this:  "I tell to myself I must return to draw an arrow upon it."  This works okay for a few pages but after a very short while, what little verisimilitude created is overcome by what in reality is just plain-old, bad writing.  There is no flow, no style, no melody;  it is instead just choppy and awkward.The female effort fails in that her writing style does not correspond with her personality.  She is a barely-recovered cocaine addict, her husband has left her, she spends her days in a stupor watching videos, she's incapable of pronouncing the Iranian's name correctly, and she's such a slug she can't even manage an effort to open her mail.  Yet she writes pretty well, with a seeming intelligent understanding of that which is going on around her, and she's apparently gorgeous.  (It was a shock to hear another character describe her this way.  Everything pointed to her being unkempt and overweight.)  In short, her character doesn't make sense.  She's not real to us.Both of these huge problems could have potentially been corrected by simply writing these narratives in the third person, especially since there is no reason for there to have been a first person narrative to begin with.  (What are these things?  Diaries?  Journals?  Creative Writing exercises?)  In any event, about half way through, and faced with the surmounting problems he has created for himself, the author finally adds a narrative in the third person, which helps somewhat, but the damage is already terminal.But this isn't even the worst of it.  It turns out it was the county that cheated the female out of her home, and that the Iranian fellow really does have legal title to it.  But the logical thing--suing the county--doesn't occur to her.  Instead, and with her new-found boyfriend--a married deputy sheriff no less--she begins a campaign of criminal harassment against the Iranian family which improbably ends in kidnapping, suicide, murder and other ludicrous mayhem.  It essentially becomes a script for the latest made-for-TV slop-of-the-week, or more appropriately, a script satirizing it.  It is truly that bad.But then any novel which shows a character smoking cigarettes with impunity in a restaurant on the top floor of a downtown San Francisco hotel--or for that matter any California restaurant for the last ten years or so--is clearly one which does not take itself seriously.
I had a hard time keeping interest in the book.  I still have not finished it as I have started another book.  I will finish it when I finish this book.  Sorry, this was well recommended to me.
When I review reference books, I like to think about what they're supposed to be used for. This book is apparently used for a course in Stanford. Now, I ask myself ... what is this course used for?This book is a wide-ranging collection of more or less stand alone chapters. Upon first scan, I was tempted to simply echo the other "wow -very complete; I feel smarter already," reviews already in place. But I am afflicted with this thing called "a conscience" so I actually read a few chapters rather than looking at the table of contents and declaring Professor da Rosa a genius, as well as myself by association. The first indication something is seriously awry here is the first chapter, which includes a lengthy defense of the cold fusion work of Pons & Fleischmann, which is, well, wrong. I feel qualified to comment on this, as I know several researchers who actually attempted to reproduce their results, have attended several talks which debunk their claims, and maintain a journeyman interest in the subject which apparently surpasses that of the author of this book. This is admittedly a short section of a chapter, so I move on. I come to the section on mechanical heat engines, where the author makes the outrageous claim that, had early automobile manufacturers gone with the Stirling engine rather than the Otto or Diesel engines which were used, vehicles today would be "more efficient and less polluting."  This statement is so wrong, it makes my head spin. I'm reviewing a book here, so I can't get into why this is wrong, but it is absurdly wrong. A giant hint as to why it is a silly statement should come from the fact that nobody in the early development years of motorized vehicles ever bothered sticking a Stirling engine into a vehicle, despite people trying things like electric, steam and even compressed air were actually deployed in real, useful vehicles. Rather than blurting out something that incorrect, a more useful discussion might be why something like a Stirling engine wasn't a useful device for vehicle power, and/or why this is different now. Perhaps a little discussion of the history of the Stirling engine, and why it was never even a serious competitor even to other external combustion engines (aka steam engines) might also be useful.Moving on, the chapters on thermoelectric and thermionic power are fairly informative. I'm familiar with the physics of this sort of thing, as I've worked with things like klystrons, and have collected antique radios for the last 24 years or so. I'm not familiar with thermionic generators being any kind of "renewable" energy transforming device, though I suppose it is vaguely possible. I have seen clever corner applications of things like thermionics and thermoelectrics to generate power in remote locations (spacecraft, and Siberia, believe it or not), but for large scale industrial purposes, I've never heard of such a thing. I find it a little weird that he never compares these odd corner cases to conventional ways of generating power, such as plain old turbines and electric generators, but I guess this isn't really a book about "renewable energy"  -it's a book about "weird ways to obtain energy that you haven't heard of." I mean, why not mention Faraday disk generators? Faraday disks are simple, cool, and they're actually useful in interesting places.When I first read chapter 8, I figured the author had completely lost his mind, but really, people do use radio-noise generators. I had a key card from my days at Larry Berzerkeley Labs which was powered by such a thing. Of course, there is nothing "renewable" about this; it's just a way of powering something very small by using radio waves. The thing is, this chapter is just chucked in there next to thermionic generators and before hydrogen power, and various hints are given that this could figure into some kind of large scale energy generating scheme. Huh? Obviously this is not true. Maybe it's OK for "renewable energy" students to know about this. Maybe it will give them some idea for obtaining energy in some RF rich environment. No hint is ever given as to where this RF rich environment might be. Solar powered satellites beaming microwave energy to earth, a la Gerald O'Neill? Nikola Tesla like magnifying transmitter technology? Who knows: the author never tells.Next, the author gets into "hydrogen power." Helpfully, he includes what most people call "batteries" in the chapter on fuel cells, because that's all a fuel cell really is: a fancy battery. I also agree that fuel cells of all kinds do belong in the hydrogen chapter, despite the fact that they sometimes have nothing to do with hydrogen: even carbon fuel cells (which he manages to avoid mentioning for some reason) can be thought of as a way to store hydrogen-like things. I was getting pretty comfortable and having a good time reading this chapter until he claimed that the only reason we don't have fuel cell powered cars right now is because we don't have the mass production tooling to do this. Once again, I'm confronted with a pie eyed statement which is so far beyond wrong as to boggle my mind. Who published this book again? A professor from Stanford? The fact of the matter is, I can purchase all the fuel cells I want. Enough to power a car even. Go google for it: you can find them. The difficulty lies in the fact that the fuel cells can't tolerate "dirty" fuels, such as we use for our energy infrastructure. There is a huge amount of active research on making these things work with even relatively clean stuff, like highly distilled alcohols (which still contain many impurities). It's a hard problem. The author of this book seems to be unaware of this. I'm no expert in "renewable energy" or any other kind of energy, but I'm aware of this. Why doesn't he mention it? It is a mystery. This chapter contains a decent appendix which actually mentions energy storage density, making a comparison between conventional batteries, fuel cells and "supercapacitors." Now, I very much approve of such comparisons. In fact, I make such comparisons all the time. He doesn't ever make the obvious comparison between the approximately kilowatt/kilogram of fuel cell versus a the 45-48 megawatts per kilogram of fossil fuels. By the way kiddies; that's why we don't use electric powered cars. Gasoline and diesel are very, very efficient means of storing energy in a small volume. I'm guessing the author doesn' t mention this because it's embarrassing for "renewable energy" people to be confronted with thermodynamic reality.His chapter on the industrial production of hydrogen seems OK, though obviously I didn't read in great detail. The chapter on storage of hydrogen is again missing an important fact: if you store hydrogen in metal hydrides, you can't get the metal hydrides "dirty." In this case, "dirt" includes atmospheric oxygen. This is rather an interesting problem; obviously, if we're going to use hydrogen motorcars, we need some way to store the hydrogen. He also doesn't compare the energy density able to be stored in metal hydride containers to the obvious way of storing hydrogen carbides: a gallon of gasoline. Gasoline is a very efficient way to store hydrogen. So is methanol. But, we're in "renewable" land here, which I guess means "imaginary technologies I wish were practical" in this book.The section on Solar Power starts off much better than the rest; he goes into very practical details as to how solar energy can be used by people.  Biomass, check -nothing terribly wrong presents itself upon a quick skim. It would be nice if he could make some gestures towards the efficiency of harvesting biomass versus, say, building a big solar power plant, but at this point I'm not expecting much: I'm just trying to get through the whole book without having an aneurism. Section on photocells; check -nothing terrible there I was able to discern. The section on wind energy appears to be excellent; I actually learned a few things from reading it. Ocean power? Well, I guess it was OK if you just want a list of things you could do to make power using the oceans.There is a lot of weirdness scattered through out this book. In the chapter on thermodynamics, he includes a bizarro aside about "how to plot data." His conclusion seems to be, don't use histograms when you want to preserve the area under a curve. Well, yes, that's true ... sometimes. So what has this to do with anything? The first chapter on solar power has a not so helpful aside on the measurement of time. Yes, I guess time is vaguely pertinent to solar power, as it is to anything else in science, but ... gads, this is just bizarre. Orbital mechanics ... somewhat less bizarre, but still just added in as filler/trivia as far as I can tell.Now, for what is missing from this doorstop. Wind and ocean and solar array boilers are potentially cost effective technologies for harvesting actual renewable energy. What he leaves out is how to transport and store the energy. These are non trivial problems. For example, let's imagine a pie in the sky  scenario where America is able to power it's entire GDP on solar power. Great. What do we do when it's dark outside, whether because of clouds, or just because there's no sun at night? We need ways of storing vast amounts of power. Waving your hands and saying "fuel cells" is baloney; we need energy storage on a vast scale. Now, lets get into it a little deeper: total solar energy impinging on North America is going to look like something like 500watts/square meter peak, at noontime. Assuming an unrealistic conversion efficiency of 10%, and taking a sort of mean over the course of the day, call it an optimistic 25 watts/square meter harvested. We use trillions of kilowatt hours in America. OK, so that's some absurdly large solar panel somewhere out in Nevada. How we gonna get the power to somewhere it can be used? Similarly with ocean and wind power -even worse really: we need to transport the diffuse energy collected from point A in the wilderness to point B in a city or factory. This requires technology and/or material we do not have. There are technologies for dealing with this sort of issue, but the author of this book never mentions them. He also doesn't mention how finance works. Oh, he does mention compound interest, and that finance is important, but there are vast issues here which he never even alludes to. For example, volatility in the price of natural gas has a huge effect on whether or not things like the "renewable energy" technologies he mentions are practical or desirable. If you're going to get renewable energy invested in, it's going to happen because of finances, not because of political will. In the absence of central planning, finance always wins. There are decent financial arguments to be made for investing in some kinds of "renewable energy" -if the volatility of fossil fuel prices exceeds the risk of using new energy technologies -the new energy technologies will get funded and built. There are plenty of other "renewable" technologies which he just plain doesn't mention, despite having entire chapters on things which are neither practical, nor particularly relevant to anything resembling "renewable energy." One which comes to mind is magnetohydrodynamic generators; a great way to harvest waste heat which has actually been used on large scale projects. If he's going to devote a sub-chapter to "cold fusion" -he might as well talk about practical fusion technologies; some of them, such as Polywell fusion are both potentially useful, and use technology not much more advanced than that used in "cold fusion." Other things missing are discussions of energy budgets in motor vehicles. He mentions hybrids as being "more efficient" without much supporting evidence or indications as to why this might be so. If hybrids are so much "more efficient" -why haven't long haul truckers adopted them? More to the point, the way people fool themselves into thinking stuff like this: most hybrid vehicles pull a game of three card monte on consumers by using simple efficiency tricks like less sticky tires and more aerodynamic chassis -something which figures hugely in the energy budgets of motor vehicles.This is not, ultimately, a serious book. It's certainly serious looking; you could probably hurt someone with this thing. It even has equations in it. But the topics covered are not going to be useful to any serious person who wants to know about renewable energy technologies, even to the point where he might want to select an interesting one to devote his life to. I give it a star for the material it does cover without waxing ridiculous, but only one star, as some of his choices of material and pie-eyed statements are so bad, I don't fully trust the material I don't actually know about. The book appears to be a collection of notes someone cobbled together and called a book. After writing the above, I went out and tried to figure out who the author was, imagining him to be some kind of dreadlock wearing hippy. He is actually a very great man -much greater than I, typing this review in my underpants in my tiny little hovel, can ever hope to be, and I admire his life and all he has accomplished. But I still don't think he wrote a great book, and while I am not a great man, I am a very honest one, and so I'm not going to change my opinion because Aldo da Rosa is an amazing individual.
I eagerly awaited this new novel in the series and bought it sight unseen. That was a mistake.  I found it slow, plodding and it didn't hold my interest.  The first 150 pages didn't move out of a single location and rehashed the same story line over and over.  I'm not sure what happened to the writing.  After 200 pages I gave up.
More propaganda for the plight of the illegal immigrants.  Total Barbara Streisand.  Not worth your time to read a total waste of your time.
I loaded the Kindle version up on my iPad.  Great.  But I needed it on my laptop (Mac) for class.  I tried to load it with Kindle for Mac and it claims it has exceeded the maximum allowed licenses.  I am extremely pissed.  I bought the hard back for a small fortune and only slightly smaller fortune for e-access and I can't even read it on a measly two devices?  This is totally and completely unacceptable.
I bought this becauseThe Hollywood Assistants Handbook: 86 Rules for Aspiring Power Playerslisted it as required reading for anybody from outside the Thirty Mile Zone who wants to work in Hollywood so they'll understand where their future coworkers who grew up in the Thirty Mile Zone came from.  The problem is there's no real story to it.  It's just one long stream of college-age kids hanging out, watching TV, doing drugs, and having primarily gay sex in circa-1984 Los Angeles.  Granted, it's a first novel written by a college kid, so I might be expecting a bit much from it, but it's just so bland to the point where the "Less Than Data" parody of it inTreks Not Taken: What If Stephen King, Anne Rice, Kurt Vonnegut and Other Literary Greats Had Written Episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation?was more engaging.  Forget the comparisons toThe Catcher in the Rye, this is more on a par withDay of the Locustbut without the social commentary.
This book wasn't as interesting as I though it was going to be.  It had my attention for about two seconds. Jacob the father puts an ad in the newspaper in search for a new wife and mother to his two children. I can admit that I did like the way the book started with the letters Sarah(the new mom and wife to be) and the children writing letters to each other. But as soon as Sarah came to live with them, I began to loose interest. Nothing really grabbed my attention from there forward. Disappointing!!It's somewhat of an old fashioned book, with transportation being horses. Which is maybe why I disliked Sarah, Plain and Tall. But hey this is just my opinion.
PLEASE SAVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY!Yes, this book address the 2-day lab. But, I bought any way, figuring any lab work was beneficial. WRONG! I am half way through this book and I am finding it riddled with typos, mistakes, and poor editting. The labs are rather basic, if you can make it through the errors. Perhaps the authors should read Doyle's TCP/IP for a refresher on redistributing classful and classless routing protocols! I am forcing my way through, only because I hate to waste the money! DO NOT BUY!!!
With sincerest apologies to anyone who is autistic, this book is horrid.  First of all, the murder of the dog is solved halfway through - all that's left is a bunch of ramblings by the author about the autistic child's different way of seeing the world.  Nothing new here.  But, I've known autistic people who speak and write and who don't start 42 consecutives sentences or paragraphs with the word "And" .... as did happen in this book or at least until I got tired of counting them (there were more).  In the last 40 pages or so, I only got the feeling that the author was trying to hurry to finish it and get to his next book.
I wonder if I can get a better book telling me how to get what I want without having to ask for it?  I tried to be positive about this book and it is not a long read but halfway in I had to force myself to finish it.  I really came to dislike my selection.  I felt like the author had "gotten one over on me" by the time I finished this book.  Don't waste your hard earned money on this one. I really think that other books are much better than this attempt at a profit by Templar.  I agree with other recommendations to read "How to Win Friends and Influence People" by Dale Carnegie. That book will tell you so much more than this book and you will be better prepared for any endeavor you face whether striving for a goal or getting through the day.
I was looking for suggestions on how to wean my toddler from his naptime nursing routine AND still take a nap (he is used to falling asleep while nursing). While there were some good suggestions, it is mainly geared towards younger (newborn and infant) children.
It's easy to appeal to the emotions: show us lost dogs, weeping orphans, cancer patients, lonely nights in the rain. That's what this book does. It has no philosophy. It has no solutions. It seems positive, except when you realize that it is highly critical of the struggles of life, and instead of showing us why life is meaningful, it simply criticizes and then leaves us with more emotional palaver. The judges were drunk if any awards were given for this book, but self-stimulatory works seem popular these days. I would not recommend this to any literate or thinking person. It's a sham.
They tried to make a book, but you could tell they were stretching and straining to fill up 170 pages. This book is a gimmick pure and simple. There are no surefire tricks to wealth and success in business. Quality, originality, service, the right idea at the right time. That is what these guys suggest. I'm fine with that, but even with all that, elements of luck and timing are factors and this book can't give you that. Don't waste your time and money and don't buy a used car from these guys either.
I found this book very disappointing considering its place on various bestseller lists.  It takes a very long time to get where it's going and the language does not warrant the wait; neither do the characters.  The &quot;unreliable narrator&quot; may be a fictional fad or may be here to stay but this one was a waste of my time.  And I really disliike books that contort themselves in the last few pages.
I thoroughly enjoyed the setting and time period of the characters in this book; however, I found the plot and conclusion to be predictable.  The writing is beautiful but the book is really quite boring.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time began beautifully. The mystery of who killed a dog, shown through the eyes of a 15-year-old autistic boy, was more intriguing and entertaining than most of today's generic amateur sleuth mysteries. Written in an easy to read format with helpful diagrams, this book appeared to be an interesting tale that could perhaps shine a little light on the thought processes of autistic teenagers.About halfway through the book, the dog's murderer confesses and then entire focus of the story shifted. Instead of a mystery, it became a rambling tale of running away from home. It went from engrossing to dull in the turn of a page. With the story switching gears so unexpectedly, it felt as though the book was in fact two separate stories (featuring common characters) pasted together to create a book. It felt off, like something just wasn't fitting properly.The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time's quirky uniqueness didn't translate through the second half of the book. This was a case of an amazing book turning dreary. Had the entire book been dull, it might almost have been better.
Believe it or not, this was my first James Patterson book.  The writing is very weak.  I had to stop and laugh at the ridiculousness of it in nearly every short chapter.  The language was totally off because it seemed as if it were written by an old man who thinks he knows women and that they have all sorts of corny, absurd lingo.  Whoever wrote this (was it Patterson or Paetro?) has no clue how women act or talk.  Reading this book was like watching a made-for-tv, low budget, crappy movie with terrible acting...you watch it you but you keep asking yourself why the heck you're watching it.
I was disappointed by this book. I think a short novel like this has to sparkle and it didn't at all. Most of the book concerns a couple on holiday walking about the shops and restaurants etc. In the latter part they get to know this couple who seem overly keen to be friendly and then there is the ending, which I won't spoil for you, that just left me thinking why on earth write such an empty, zero of a book.
The book was only readable when Henry lost his feet. I was so tired of all the French phrases, quotes, vocabulary throughout the book. Sure you know French, or at least researched it but as a reader, I just want to know what the characters are talking about. I don't have time to look up those foreign words.Also, I dislike so much when the author spent lines describing one action. Like the part she went to a store to buy Henry an album for his birthday. She went on and on and on and on name dropping. Really? What's the whole purpose of this? Maybe she wanted us to know she's done her homework.I bought the book because of the movie. I have not got to see the movie(since it will not be released for another two weeks) but I am sad to say I have lost some interest. The book was tedious and at times boring. I was bored by Clare's papermaking and tired of their endless sex. Things did not make sense, like how Kimy who was probably 80+ years old toward the end and was still babysitting Henry or Clare.Last but not least, I find the part when Henry performed oral sex on himself and the part when he time traveled and had sex with Clare while the other Henry was sleeping next to her just plain creepy. I dont think many men out there would love to do the same thing if they could time travel.Over all, read this book if you know how to skip paragraphs.
The trouble with the avant-garde is that they set themselves up to say that anyone who doesn't like what they do is, well, totally square.  At the same time, those who convince themselves that they appreciate it in the correct way can lord it over the rest of us naifs.After having heard about this book for years from a dear Stein-devotee pal, I gave it a try.  I must say that, not only was I disappointed in the so-called language experimentation, but I was just plain bored.  I did not find the characters interesting; I did not get taken into their world view by the stream-of-consciousness writing style that is Stein's trademark; I did not feel like I learned anything.  What truly convinced my pal that I am an artistic philistine - and I guess I am in her measure - is that I vastly preferred The Autobiography of Alice B Toklas, which was written for a popular audience (this is, clearly written and not with all the obscure and in my view idioitic word play).Oh well, this review will no doubt get many "unhelpful" votes, but then, at least I looked at it honestly and and naively and gave it the effort an avant-garde classic deserves.  NOT RECOMMENDED.
This is the favorite book of a friend of mine, she rereads it every year. She chose it for our bookclub, and the rest of us hated it! I think this is the best example I know of a book that either really connects with you, or doesn't at all. I have a degree in Eng. Lit. and certainly have encountered a number of books written in a unique or poetic style that I loved, but this one was for me rambling, full of tedious detail that lead nowhere and, since I didn't like a single character, I never felt invested in anything that happened to them. For others what was tedium for me, was poetry. I made myself read the whole book for the sake of the bookclub, but it was like taking medicine--still I can see that every word was a joy for my friend. This isn't a matter of being good or bad, its obviously a masterpiece for some, but if it isn't your kind of writing, you will find it more than a chore to get through.
This book appeared more like a chronilogical narration of 2 lives that meet occasionally.  The characters lacked character, didn't really have much of a foundation for relationship/marriage/children.  The author may have been torn between what to write about the love story or the Sci-Fi, and did justice to neither.
This is the second Lawrence novel I have read, the first being Lady Chatterly's Lover.  I didn't really like it to much but I recognized the man had talent.  He has some of the most elegant prose I have ever read.  I heard this is a superior novel and much more profound so I decided to give it a whirl.Basically I couldn't stand it.  I admit his writing is great, but I just can't get into this.  Maybe it's the subject matter which is kind of strange, or maybe it's just personal taste, I don't know for sure.  I am a great fan of literature of all kinds, but the period of writing from 1910-1925 I don't seem to enjoy.  Sure Joyce wrote some ingenious things, Hemmingway was a great romantic writer but the stuff just doesn't click with me.  Oh well, I gave the book 2 stars because I enjoyed the prose, but that is all I enjoyed.
Does not answer several questions I had.  I knew how to set up, needed questions answered that was not covered in this book. Also was looking for a book with more lay mans terms.
"I downloaded the sample copy,and the examples to study are in such FINE FONT and ALSO in such a LIGHT GRAY that I cannot read them on my Kindle!!! I tried enlarging the font on my Kindle and ONLY the INSTRUCTIONS would enlarge. Is this true only of the sample? If I cannot enlarge the font, then the book will be of no use to me, regardless of how great it might be. It LOOKS like it might be good, but the font SIZE and COLOR of parts of the text make it a definite impossibility for me to enjoy, unless that can be changed on the purchased copy! While reading it on my computer at the Amazon site, I also tried enlarging the sample and the same thing happened... only the instructional parts of the sample enlarged.  What gives with that? If I can't see the words comfortably, AND I CAN'T(!)then I'm not going to be able to buy it.  HELP!  Is there a solution?
I used this book with my staff. We all read the book and had a weekly discussion about 'Change.' By the first session, my staff knew that unless they changed they wouldn't succeed. They asked, 'do we need to continue every week discussing about change.' Pretty predictable.
I've been a professional IE for more than 15 years and I bought this "manual" thinking that it would actually be a summary of the most important tools used in this profession, but I realized that it is not.  It is way to general and it has lost most of the formulas and calculations that are required as an IE.  There is too much wording and too little math.  If you are a manager and you don't care for the how to, this is good for you.  If you are in the field, and you need a quick reference on how to calculate things and how to implement them , you got to look for another book.
this book was very well written. but i gave me a headache thinking about my life.  i have decided to live on the edge and stare death in the face, no insurance, no seatbelts, no doctor visits, just blindly going into the future.  death will come when i least expect it and what the heck.
With so many great economic books out now, Seeds of Destruction just isn't worth getting. I saw a claim of non-partisanship on the cover--not true, only a Republican could like this book. It was like reading a very long Wall Street Journal editorial; the market is held as the magical solution to all our problems. The book's mediocrity is proof that academic credentials do not necessarily lead to wise solutions or interesting writing.
...from the incompetent drunkard who destroyed the British Empire. This is a worthless series of phony history, valued only by myopic, hero-worshipping American neocons. Churchill was a prime actor in the events he was describing and as such, wrote a self-justifying history designed to make himself look like Pericles, Jesus and Alexander the Great rolled into one. Objective history is written by objective historians, and Churchill was not one.Look- Churchill was an amusing alcoholic who made some witty remarks when he was plastered, and the man wasn't without a certain rat-like cunning, especially in the way that he manipulated America into violating its neutrality and skillfully turned world opinion against German "barbarism" (even though it was the British who were the first to bomb German civilians, in the hope that the Germans would retaliate in kind, thereby solidifying British support for an unpopular war.) But to say that Churchill is the apotheosis of political leadership and wisdom is a sad joke. He was a drunkard who sometimes got so pickled that he had to hire an impersonator to deliver some of his most famous speeches over the radio. He was a war criminal whose monomaniacal hatred of Hitler worked against his own people's interests and ended up bankrupting his country, destroying the British Empire and allowing half of Europe to be taken over the Soviets. What a victory! If any business or political leader today says he wants to emulate Churchill, he should be fired or impeached because either Chapter 11 or national ruin is just around the corner. But hey, if you're into long-winded, dishonest self-aggrandizement, then I highly recommend it.
I am glad I have not read him in years. Very exciting beginning, but quickly fades to dull and uninteresting. By the middle of the book, I could not wait for the end, not because I was interested in how it turned out, but instead I was no longer enjoying it.Lovely Bones is considerably better.
In the introduction to this book, the author says he wasn't sure about whether he should write a fictional account of Paraguay, or just recount his travels as a way of describing the history of Paraguay. He says he chose a factual account, but I wonder...?As other reviews have mentioned, he jumps around between his historical account of Paraguay, and his own travels there, which are frankly quite boring when you get over the authors over-the-top writing style. His style is opaque, and he simply supplies carictures of the people he describes, both historical and ones he met personally.For example, a 19th-century president of Paraguay who was apparently obese was presented by Gimlette as someone who was about to physically explode, and you get various takes on that metaphor everytime he is referred to in the text. And likewise for all the other people described; any character flaw or physical feature that is notable is magnified by Gimlette until essentially everyone (except the British) are just cartoon characters.How much of all of this is true is debatable. The author likes to make gratuitous anti-American remarks (and in fact, he actually makes gratuitous anti-every-nationality remarks, except anti-British of course; they are the only nationality with any admirable traits in this book).As an example, I checked the comment he recounts a statement made by an unnamed American (pg. 85) about a recent "American Ambassador" (again unnamed) being a political appointee who was really a supermarket tycoon, and just bought the job by way of political contribution. This didn't ring true as Paraguay isn't the kind of place that gets political appointees as Ambassadors. I actually WikiGoogled all of the US Ambassadors to Paraguay from the present back through the Eisenhower Administration and found that all were career foreign service, or had some government experience... no supermarket tycoons to be found. I guess Gimlette just wanted to take a shot at the US, or at least let the British system look better some how. How much else of this book is true, and how much made up?
I've read many self-help books in my life. Most of them are pretty much the same: lots of promises - empty ones at that - and nothing else. What the author fails to mention is that what may have worked for him will not necessarily work for anyone else. I wonder how many down-on-their-luck people will buy this book thinking that the information provided will magically turn them into successful people, only to continue to be down on their luck and remain where they were. Personally, I think all self-help books should be required to have a "results not typical" disclaimer like weight-loss drugs.
The basic premise behind this book is valid, and I will state it here to spare readers from having to read it repeatedly in this lazy and poorly organized business book:1) To make customers truly care about your company and your products, you must focus all your efforts on providing a superior customer experience at every point in the purchase cycle, from unpacking a product to using it to getting it repaired or replaced.2) This commitment to customer satisfaction must permeate every employee at the company (and their vendors), from top down.3) Providing customer satisfaction requires constant vigilance and attention to detail, admitting no obstacles, whether from bean counters, researchers, or engineering types.4) Objective measurements of progress may be misleading; the subjective is king, which apparently means designers are just the ones to lead the charge, with all customer satisfaction efforts emanating from their design concepts.That's about it.  Along the way, the authors throw in some very subjective and mostly obvious observations about companies who matter to customers and companies who don't.They love Apple, Ikea, and BMW.  They think Motorola, Microsoft, and Circuit City have a lot to learn.  I'm shocked at these conclusions!  SHOCKED!The careful reader can derive amusement from the authors' disdain for the electronic controls on a Lexus SUV.  The same reader can also recognize the discrepancy when the authors fail to mention similarly unworkable electronic controls on some models of the BMWs they so revere.  (And BMWs these days are nowhere near as reliable as any Lexus.)And so on it goes through page after interminable page of this unnecessary tome.  Though the book is divided into chapters, they all make the same points; one can start reading on any page and soon catch up on the central thesis, stated above.There are few hard facts and fewer precise recommendations for implementation other than hiring a design firm to sort all this out for your company.  The authors clearly have little love for focus groups, but then fail to explain what sort of research on customer interaction with the product they do suggest -- perhaps observing individual customers from a concealed vantage point?  Reading critical comments on a consumer blog?No less than three editors are credited with having worked on this book.  I have to believe that each one of them threw up her hands at trying to make something logical, persuasive, or entertaining out of this meandering mess.And then the reader occasionally encounters a sentence that makes no sense at all, like this one: "These will be real things -- models, boxes, displays, stores, and so on, but also shares your ideals, your philosophy, and your boundary conditions for your experience."  Huh?In conclusion, I never would have finished this book if I weren't reviewing it for Amazon Vine and looking to have done with the assignment some time in my present lifetime so I can request a free box of cookies or something more appetizing.I give the book one more than the minimum one star because the cover does catch your eye.  If only the contents held your attention...ADDENDUM, SEVERAL WEEKS LATER: I have been perusing the latest reviews of this book here, curious to see what my fellow Vine reviewers thought.I note with amusement -- and bring to the reader's attention -- the fact that all the negative reviews have been deemed "Not Helpful" by 1 or 2 people, while a number of the positive reviews have been described as "Helpful".I will take those two people to be the authors or their wives, and I will note that those kinds of praise for positive reviews are "Helpful" to themselves, not the unwary reader beguiled by the bold orange cover.
There were no extras in the Kindle edition, at all.  I'm not cheap, and I'm willing to pay for a classic book in it's entirety.  Unfortunately, the Kindle edition is not as described by reviewers of the book form, so I deleted it.  It is a classic book that, as everyone knows, is highly complex and requires touchstones in order to maintain the thread of the story.  This is not that version!
Amazon have packaged the book into two parts for the Kindle. I thought this was a new book but its the same one I already bought last year. I feel so ripped off! They should put something in their blurb to alert people.
This book is to guns, germs and steel as Reader's Digest is to Scientific American.  The reader is taken on a whirlwind tour of the influence of the title characters, but the analysis is superficial at best, skimming the surface of popular conception and attributing to the reader the intellect and background of a somewhat slow fifth grader.  Unfortunate, as the topic is fraught, but the author does little with it and the book overall is a disappointment.
This is a decent book and does a fine job of explaining the different steps throughout your journey through the airport. The pictures are nice, but the sentences are very short, basic and boring. I'm only giving it 2-stars because it is not very engaging. Like I said, the sentences are too simple -- there is no real &#34;story&#34; or child-like flow that most books have to intrigue a child. Overall, it points out the basic steps you'll encounter, but it is a pretty boring read.
Kids that are learning to read enjoy plays on words and this book is full of plays on sayings. But not many first graders (7 year olds) are going be familiar with sayings like: "throw your hat in the ring" or "cut the red tape". Just explaining some of these sayings to a young child is a challenge. This isn't a good book to foster early reading comprehension. Instead try some of the first in the Amelia Bedelia series.
I long ago decided I would not read this famed novel, even though I had appreciated Atwood's Alias Grace and did not mind her The Blind Assassin.  But this year Entertainment Weekly published a list called "the 100 Greatest Novels Ever."  I am a sucker for lists like that, and determined I had read 76 of the 100.  The Handmaid's Tale was no. 29--the highest ranked novel on the list I had not read.  So I have now read it.  But I was right--it is a non-enjoyable book which I disliked for many reasons, including repulsive scenes depicted therein and annoying use of crude language.  The evil ones who have taken over the U.S. in the book decided to have maids who would emulate the maids of Leah and Rachel in 'servicing' Jacob.  Supposedly the whole country is living under the regime imposed, with the wives of elite men presiding over their husbands copulating with the maids!  An endnote tries to put a historical gloss on the situation depicted in the book, but could not disinfect the scenario for me.  A real loser of a book.
This book disappointed me.It was first published (in 2004) with the title "Those Foolish Things." It was later renamed "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" following the release in 2011 of the film with that name, which is based on it.I read the book because I had seen the film and enjoyed it, and also because unlike the film, which is mostly set in a small town in Rajasthan, the novel is set mostly in Bangalore, a city that I know quite well.Had I not seen the film first, I might have abandoned the book before reading too far into it. The first section of the book provides a series of realistic portrayals of the fears of elderly retired people facing rejection by the younger generation and also anticipating their gradual decline towards death. However, I pressed on with reading this well-paced novel because I knew from the film that things were likely to start looking up as the people, who were being described, were about to take off to spend the rest of their retirement in a hotel in India.I don't know whether the author has actually visited India, but I got the feeling from reading this book that she might not have done so. Although the book is not exactly about India, I felt that the author did not transport me to India. She did not allow me to visualise a real place as I read her book.Some of the retired English people in the hotel in Bangalore used email. This suggests to me that the writer was writing about recent times. However, the Bangalore that she describes does not sound nearly as sophisticated as the city actually is.  I thought as I read the book that she could have been describing almost anywhere, throwing in a few local terms to remind the reader that it was India rather than anywhere else.Sevearal specific things particularly irritated me about this book. One occurred on page 169 of my edition. Dorothy and Douglas are discussing something between themselves. The proof-reader and the editor failed to spot the subject of the sentence: "Donald paused" is `Donald' rather than `Douglas', which it was supposed to be. This is careless in a best seller. On page 186, another problem occurred. Evelyn, one of the retired Brits, is given a business card, which reads `Dr Gulvinder Gaya, BA (Failed)'. The reason that Dr Gaya included the sad outcome of his degree is, I believe, to tell the recipient of his business card that he managed to gain admission into a university, which in itself was an achievement to be proud of. I hope that I am wrong, but I had the impression that the author chose to include this for reasons that may have had more to do with making fun of the Indian, than for any other reason. Another small gripe, if I am permitted to make any more of them, is that twice Ms Moggach refers to visiting a temple at `Halebib'. Was she inventing a new temple site or did she incorrectly spell the name Halebid, which is a real temple of some note a few hours drive from Bangalore?Despite my reservations about Ms Moggach's portrayal of India and the Indians, this novel is a creditable effort to illustrate the fears and concerns of those in the twilight of their lives.The best thing about Ms Moggach's book is that it inspired someone to make an excellent film, whose plot and sympathetic portrayal of India and the Indians is far better than the original story upon which it is loosely based.
Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez has an interesting view of love -- to me much more like obsession.  An intricate tale of two lives that intertwine for a time, go their own ways, and come together again.  You almost like the characters, despite their flaws, but I never quite reached that point.Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez tells stories, and gives them a rich tapestry to make you feel you understand -- and he did it again.  I, however, prefer to like the characters as much as I like to feel I understand them.  Not my favorite of his works.
At the time of this book released it may be useful(2006), now when i have read many books of forex trading, some information of this book should rethink
This book made me start grinding my teeth from the beginning silly scene where Brennan locks her keys in her car and has the cliched tsouris with pumps. And doesn't go back for her car, her phone, or her  purse until the end of the day.. Yikes! The writing is inept, inelegant, and flippant. She seems allergic to simple, smooth declarative sentences and has entire paragraphs consisting of one word questions or three word sentences.But that's probably the price one pays for not properly setting up a team to ask questions in a dignified way. And characters being parodies of real characters.....And the unspeakable clumsiness and stiffness in explaining technical facts.  Lastly, the book is preachy and seems to drift off into something resembling a fund raising letter for Amnesty International or Doctors Without Borders both of which I supprt, but was mortified by the sloppiness Reichs used to blend these elements together--the smoothie from an overwrought college freshman. Yuck! Thoroughly dreadful in every way.And by the way, I am on my way to read my Kindle edition of "the great Jo Nesbo's" new Harry Hole thriller, "Police." You want quality, go to Jo Nesbo, or Jussi Adler-Olsen. Arnaldur Inridason, John Sandford. In a word--"grown-ups."
It was too technical for my taste, but what did I expect?  I don't think it was the author's fault I did not finish the book.
The book has some useful information about J2EE here and there, but since this is a book serves a guidance for the SCEA exam, most of the contents are either too shallow or irrelevant for that purpose. Don't expect that you can rely on this book only and pass the exam.There are some errors in the self check questions, but most of the time, the answers given are the oppsite of the correct answers to the question asked and I believe these are editing problems.
I won't put a description of the story line here. There are enough of those already. I will agree the idea for the story is good fundamentally but the execution is poor.  I picked the paperback up in a share pile. Very glad I didn't spend money on it.
I read this book 5 years ago, learned to hate John Updike, and haven't picked up a book of his since. (Looking at the book on amazon and some of the other one-star reviews, maybe I should give his more recent works a shot, but this one has kept me angry for a long time.) Today, I started what seems like it will be a bad book that described "plump, round buttocks," and naturally thought again of Updike and how much I had hated his description of women. I'm not quite motivated enough to diss him to go and check out another copy from the library to search for the phrases that I hated the most (white mounds of flesh..), but I was delighted to see that I was not alone in my disdain for this novel and this author (at least at this phase of his writing..), and I am pleased to add another single-star (regrettably not zero-star) review to his depressingly high pile of praise.
This book "might" help you if you are already an established business.  But if you are just starting one, forget it.  Why?  Because you have no customers that can refer you to anybody!It's also a summation of many of the business proverbs that we already know :- be nice to your customers- ask them how you can better serve them- and don't forget to ask them for referralsThat's about it.I'll give the book two stars because I always do for any book that at least introduces me to one new idea. And that new idea for this book is -- don't ever argue with your customer! Use their objections to how you are failing them as an opportunity to do better by them.  Put your ego in your pocket and LISTEN to them instead of making excuses for your lack of performance.In that sense, you will have gotten the entire message of this book. 'Nuff said.
I am not an authority but my ESL student would not find much to learn from this book.  Perhaps I should not have purchased the beginners book.
I really tried to enjoy this book as it got really good reviews, but I could not get into it. I really did not enjoy the style which the book was written in. The author would go on giant 1 to 2 page rants about nothing that mattered to the story. I felt that the book could have been about half as long. I was only able to get through to page 132 before I had to start reading something else.
Stay away from this book, far away from it unless you have read or are familiar with "East of Eden."  Without that background, this book is a tough, tough read, seemingly making little or no sense at all.The book is comprised of Steinbeck's daily handwritten notes to his editor on the daily handwritten manuscript. As one might expect, a working knowledge of "East of Eden" is essential to understand and fully appreciate those notes.This book does in fact trace the beginning and development of a novel.  It offers a good look at the creative, formative process of a novel, and a revealing inside look at Steinbeck the man. Frankly his notes (this book) reads like a continuming and seemingly endless Twitter to his best friend. Steinbeck's insecurities, the anguish of good writing and his eccentric demands and expectations from gift-giving (and gift-getting) to demanding that his editor send him a special kind of lead pencil by the dozen to write with and special paper to write on.There are some good (neat) references to events of 1952 when the book was written, things like openings of Broadway shows and Bobby Thompson's epic homerun that won the National League Pennant for the New York Giants ("The Giants win the pennant...the Giants win the pennant"...that game) Steinbeck calls it the greatest baseball game ever played.A few gems of wisdom and comment on the human condition are here, but they are too few and too far spreadout....the weight of the haystack overcomes the few golden needles to be found here.Frankly, without a knowledge and appreciaton of "East of Eden," trying to read this book is enough to make you want to give up reading.
I started this book twice now and can't seem to get into it.  I imagine I'll try it again some day.
Well this book promises a lot but delivers nothing .It is boring,the reader doesnt care about the characters ,the plot is utterly predictable,the details about campus life in Princeton useless,the frat parties ditto,the love story pale and colorless.The characters are one-dimensional .Their only difference lies in their names .Oh and tha basic theme,well..I expected a plot turn in  the end ,but nothing happened.And the way they discovered the secret messages in the book..Gee..("Deductive" logic bordering with pure guesswork. Sipmlified example : "Car,wheel,motor,seat..hmm..AHAAAAAAAA ergo TABLE is the answer").And the hidden secret,well ok..This book doesnt deserve the all its hype..
To head off the inevitable criticism, let me start off by saying that I generally like reading great literature, and can enjoy books even if (or especially if!) they are depressing or have unhappy endings. But even for such books I need a reason to care about something: either the characters or the themes or the writing. This book gave me nothing to care about. The central character [Rabbit] has no redeeming qualities: his predicaments are interesting (and had the potential to be relevant as an illustration of people who drift through life), but Rabbit is not just a 'drifter'; he's a jerk who commits not one selfless act the entire book. Does the book offer anything else? The themes explored here may have been considered revolutionary at the time the book was published in the early '60s (I don't know), but by today's standards are weaker than what you would find in a good independent film. The writing is ok, but there are several authors out there who write better.What I don't understand is why this book is considered a classic, and why so many others on amazon liked it so much.
If you want a scholarly book that brilliantly deals with who Jesus was, read Ravi Zacharias's "Jesus Among Other Gods." There is an adult as well as a teen version of Zacharias's book. It contains the answers you seek. Mitchell's book, however, lacks substance, adequate research, and fair analysis. I challenge Mitchell to read Zacharias's book as well and see if he still holds to the theories he puts forth here. It'll be tough -- Zacharias is a brilliant theologian who makes his case beautifully and thoroughly in "Jesus Among Other Gods." If Mitchell can come up with a substantial refutation of Zacharias's arguments, I'd like to see it (yes, Mr. Mitchell, that's a challenge to you.)
A Talented writer who is very readable. Pity the story is pretty hollow and the characters, for the most part, are unlikeable. Getting to the end was a real chore!
Someone I respected lauded this book when it was first published. Years later, I finally got around to reading it. It starts well, intrigues, promises. However, a few days of plodding, and I wondered if it was possible that I had read only 35% into the novel, according to my kindle marker. I scrolled to 85% read. Amazing. Nothing had happened! The characters were still dithering along in their arch tones (what century was this, old man?). Now, any book that uses half its heft to get where it already has been, even in terms of character development, is a book worthy of leaving alone. Nice images, here and there, but it takes a lot more than fashioning some good sentences to sustain a novel of some 600 pages. Very tiresome work.
Lots of talk about portfolio theory, very little useful advice to decide if you want 30% in global whatever and so on...
This book is mathematically daunting. It covers the essentials and formulas of Einstein's theories through hundreds of worked (mathematical) examples.  Unlike other books of the Demystified Series, this one is not entertaining at all. It is absolutely not a beginner's guide to relativity!
For being a MIS book, I feel like this book leaves a lot to be desired.I bought this book for a Masters course (my undergrad degree being MIS), and I wasn't that impressed. It has some good information on the social aspect of IT in the workplace, but when it comes to application of IT, I felt it could have shown a lot more. I have been tutoring people who are not familiar with MIS because the book does not show how to use database functions in Excel, some of the most basic of applications. How can you have "assignments" and "projects" in a book that you wish for the students to complete, but do not show how to solve them?Granted, I understand that this is a MIS class, and for those that have a MIS degree should know how to solve these problems. However, this class is a "general" core class, so the majority of the students are NOT familiar with advanced database applications, especially in Access. I just feel that for a general MIS book, it should have had more explanation of the technical aspects of IT, not just the business and social aspects.
This book is really not a work of history, the narrative is poorly organized. It lacks a major theme, and reads more like the author's unedited stream of consciousness.
A Human Stain is about racially sensitivity taken to absurds never seen in real life mixed up with a book about passing as white, spiced up with geriatric sex, Viagra, Monica Lewinsky, a crazy Vietnam vet, and two dead kids, mixed thoroughly with a heavy theme of the sacrifices caused by living a lie/trying to escape your past (not really the same thing, but maybe if you take a screwy look). I think Roth took every idea he had and threw them up against the wall, and lord amercy they all stuck. Good thing he writes a lot. We can go read his good stuff and try to forget this mess.
Just get the online version.  Much easier to find stuff, indexed, search better, copy and paste sample code.  Hard copy is useless
I love audio CD's and I love CS Lewis so I really wanted this dramatization to be fabulous. I was sorely disappointed. Apart from Paul Scofield who plays the narrator, the other characters were flat and 'reading', especially the boy who played Shasta. My advice is to pass on this one.
I've heard so many good things about this book and was really excited to read it. The excitment quickly died when I started to read it. It reminds me of some of the worst text books I read in college. You know the type dry and packed with meaningless terms that you'd memorized for a test and quickly forget. This not a straight forward get down to business book. The author could of done a much better job in making this an enjoyable read, rather than a painful one. If you dig terms like crucible and disintermediation - go for it. I gave it 2 stars because it does have a message if you can ignore the over complicated way it's presented.
I read Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member one time before, and I wasn't particularly impressed. Trying again some years later, I wanted to see if there was a change in my opinion. Once again, the book didn't enthrall me. One thing is for sure: the writing is generally very good and beats a lot of contemporary authors' styles. When I write this, the reading of the book made it easy for me to pore through the pages without a pause, so I was able to finish it in a relatively short time. Sanyika Shakur gives a nice account of Crips' history and how it was started, so that was informative in itself. But, when he writes about his experiences and incidents, he tends to miss out a line or two to make the details to be clear enough for me in understanding the entire thing. At times, which aren't really much of a nuisance, he inserts a character out of nowhere who plays a role in an incident without an introductionary background or a cue sign before the incident is described. Regardless, Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member remains a very readable book. However, I find the book extremely silly and pointless. It's just that that's his world that he lives in, and it is absolutely different from what I am accustomed to living in. When Sanyika Shakur reveals his own world, the more delusional it looks, at least from my point of view. Somewhere in the book, he makes an excuse for his joining a gang by the statement something like this, "It's like going to college where everybody is doing it; so, in my environment, joining a gang was the same as that." I don't agree with him on this diction. The point here he misses out is that he had a choice. He didn't have to join a gang, and he could have opted out of it. Instead, he joined a gang, and then he made a conscious choice to be the best banger he could be. Of course, from there, he has already lost the respect from me because it's too difficult to grant him one after reading the vicious deeds he committed. Thereafter, even if he changed his ways, he is still a hypocrite. He tries to show off his redemption (I am thinking of that turkey character who took the road of Malcolm X change in the movie Belly) of being a "born again" intellectual by spewing out the crap revolutionary talk. What the heck is he talking about? Revolutionize what? Calling cops pigs? Trying to make a better America by setting things right? It doesn't make any sense. Criminals like Sanyika Shakur are one of the biggest reasons how the American taxpayers' have been so vastly wasted just to clothe, house, feed, police, guard, bathe, etc. them. Hadn't they done the criminals acts, America would be a lot better off with less debt and money problems. Moreover, I find Sanyika Shakur a spoiled person who doesn't clearly understand the idea of life because there are people who work hard to create a good living, and he thinks he can just get by just by merely taking away what they have earned without having earned the right to do so. Basically, in Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member, the author rationalizes his behavior and makes excuses of his living while portraying the gangster life he lived just because he was a product of his environment. Hey, ever heard of football? All in all, Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member is a good read yet totally a silly book. What could make the book a lot more interesting is for the author to copy and paste his rap sheet in the pages. Oh boy...just imagine how many pages that would take up.
The Deitels tend to write their books like traditional textbooks.  They have incredibly boring text and incredibly boring, stupid exercises like creating a pattern using System.out.println statements.  Unless you adore college textbooks, you'll hate what they have done.I recommend Head First Java or Java for Dummies for newcomers.  Then get yourself a solid reference book like Java in a Nutshell.  Those combined will take you further than this book will.Also, avoid anything by Ivor Horton.
This book wasn't for me - I had ordered it for someone else so I can't rate it properly at this time.
ok first of all the revewer &#34;a kid&#34; said he liked when Gilly didn't like black people so thats just racist and so is parts in this stupid book!!!!!! Im in a book club with three other girls even though the main character is a girl they still thinks it SUCKS!! and i do too!! the complete disrespect and racism is just flat out FREAKY!! and then using gods name in complete vain and basically cussing CHURCH!!!! this author has to understand that she is making a CHILDRENS book!!! and that maybe not her, but some other people (me included) are christian!!! and some people dont just like swear at god all over the place im not even half done with this stupid book and i already hate it! im VERY VERY VVEERRYY surprised that this is a newberry winner.
An uninteresting, bigoted, rich and superficial couple has the first interesting idea of their lives and this book follows their complete inability to recognize it or follow-through.  I was apalled with these characters, and actually read through the entire book hoping to find out that Grisham had somehow addressed their inexcusable traits--No luck.The premise is interesting--a couple wants to forego the commercialism of christmas.  If only the people were anywhere near as interesting as that idea.  Its almost as if without shopping and hobnobbing they don't have anything left to do.From its gross portrayal of a 'middle-class' family who barely blinks at wasting thousands of dollars on something they'll never use, to a mother and father whose racism shows brightly on Christmas Eve, this book deserves only one place on your Christmas morning--in the fire.
Doesn't have anything that you can't get by reading many of the multitude of free articles.  Guess its a good reference to keep around.
This book reads like someone on a walk-about with no destination in mind.  It was a very slow, meandering read that was overly detailed.  A lot of time was spent spinning a very complicated web that could have been just as easily understood and more appreciated if a good 200-300 pages had been edited out.  The writing seemed over indulgent and really lost this reader, so that by the time the story got interesting in the last QUARTER of the book I really didn't care what happened to anyone.  It took me 3 weeks to finish this book (usally I finish a book in 3 days tops)and if I had not started listening to the audio version I would not have finished it at all.For this reader there was nothing enjoyable about the book.  The detail about every medical procedures and every secondary character was unnecessary and a big distraction for me.  I found my self skimming, or letting the audio run while not really listening.  I understand that the author may have been trying to give the readers a vibrant experience but that experience paled in my boredom with the story overall.I know a lot of people loved it and I would like to say I know why, but really I don't. I will say if you're looking for a book that has a very slowly built story that meanders across continent and generations, if you have an interest in all things medical this is probably the book for you.  If, however, you want a story that grabs you from the begining and holds you tight with every page, a story that moves at a pace that makes it hard to put down, then skip this one.
I loved "The Pact" and "Nineteen Minutes" and after reading the reviews I thought I'd like this one too. Boy was I wrong. I thought it was the most slow moving book in the world. I gave it 100 pages then quit and flipped to the end to see what happened. It was way too wordy and I was thinking, "Please hurry up and get to the point!!!"I also felt this way about "Plain Truth." I liked it but it got to the point where I thought it was being drawn out and then the ending just abruptly happened and it wasn't even a good ending. You could kinda see it coming. Not too much of a surprise.
I am reading this book for a course I am currently taking.  While there is a good deal to be learned in terms of information, you have to be careful to separate the authors' opinions from facts practically throughout.  The authors are at least kind enough to warn the reader at the outset that they "believe that health care should be a right enjoyed equally by everyone".  In Chapter 13, which is on ethics, they advocate the idea of "distributive justice".  The authors use many "vignettes" throughout the text to illustrate their points as well, but they tend to cloud reason because they are often emotionally charged.  There are many ways in which liberal ideology insinuates itself throughout the text.  Fine if you already have a liberal point of view, I suppose, but annoying to the student trying to separate fact from liberal-oriented opinion.  I do not recommend this book.
Judging from the title, you'd think this book was about how to build your portfolio through dividend stocks, and how to identify/analyze them.  You'd be wrong.  The first quarter of the book is how to manage your expenses.  The middle part of the book the author tells you stories about people daytrading and how his friends lost money because of their bad decisions.  The last part of the book the author tells you how he daytrades.  There's ONE page giving you a list of dividend stocks and why you should go to his website for the latest list and why you should subscribe to his newsletter.  Are you kidding?NONE of the info in the book is about investing in dividend stocks.  The 5-star reviews here are obviously fake, as is this book.
It's been 10 years since this little was published but is it still as relevant today as it was then...what lessons can we learn in 2009 when we are in a deep recession and change is everywhere?I have to say, having written about "The one minute entrepreneur" and how disappointed I was with that I am a little more impressed with this little book and perhaps the collaboration of Spencer Johnson (Author), Kenneth Blanchard back then 10 years ago at the height of their fame was the time to listen to their wisdom? The one minute manager was useful to me then and the parable worked as a means to impart the basic ideas of management so what of this book...Looking at the Amazon reviews (as us authors tend to do) it's still incredibly popular as a book and it's an either love it or hate it type book. The more intellectual and thoughtful hate it and those looking for a simple parable love it - 60+% of the reviews are 1 or 5!I will look at the book in a different light to the many reviewers to date, I want to know how can it help the "entrepreneur" who's life is one of constant change, not the girl working for a big corporation.What can a small business owner or startup take away from this book? These people are used to change and they have to learn to adapt and do things differently very fast in order to survive.At 80 pages and an hours read this book feels very expensive for the simple lesson it imparts, however for many people simple and fast are the keys to learning so for them this could be helpful - I came to the end of the book feeling in two minds about it.For the corporate guy who is facing a layoff right and feels stuck in their job but also fears the future this simple book could be the "medicine" they need to take some action but I find it hard to believe a million people are so in need of a simple message that they would buy this book to learn to obvious...but then I am an entrepreneur and I am used to constant change so it is clearly possible!The basic lessons are:Change happensAnticipate changeMonitor changeAdapt to change quicklyChangeEnjoy changeKeep changing!So what of you are in a smaller business? well frankly this book will be wasted on you unless you are really stuck in rut and about to go out of business...In all other cases you will probably still be in business as you live the above naturally, as small businesses have to as part of the real world of natural selection. Big businesses however have "fat" that allows them to support dead wood and to change very slowly...often to their ultimate downfall.This book reminds me of another one when I read it, Charles Handy "The Age of Unreason" in a tangential way.The story goes as follows. A tribe of South American Indians had learned how to boil their frogs, of which they had an abundant supply. The Indian chef (no pun intended) would pop a king-sized Frog into a pot of water, which was then heated up on the traditional tribal barbecue. For reasons to do with a frog's physiology, the frog just got more and more comfortable as the water warmed up. Eventually the frog boiled.Now suppose you took another frog and dropped it into a cooking pot, this time of boiling water. What happened next? THE FROG JUMPED OUT! The moral of the story is that you can become too comfortable if your environment is gradually changing. Eventually you will be eaten by the members of an unnamed South American tribe. But a sharp jolt, however pleasant, may be what's good for you, and you may hop away, a bit overheated, but surviving into the future.So in this case, the two mice in the story quickly adapted (like the entrepreneurs that I imagine them to be!) and the little "intelligent" people split, one eventually changed and followed the mice to success and happiness and the other stuck with what they knew and starved! (or boiled)In short, this book is simple and frankly almost laughable but for some people it may the the "jolt" they need to make some changes in today's uncertain times to move on from their job (or whatever rut they are stuck in) and maybe even choose to become a entrepreneur (or a mouse as the book would have it). If they do they should read my book to save them from further indecision:So You Want To Be An Entrepreneur: How to decide if starting a business is really for youFor my friends that are already in a small business or are started on the path to entrepreneurship I feel they will be very disappointed with this book and would be better off investing their hard earned cash elsewhere.The book is subtle and simple, it has a few simple messages - it has obviously helped many people and for that I am grateful, would I spend the $[...] again - no way!
the content of the book is good. I bought it to train and improve my speech (I start using the Dragon software) but the accompanying videos that you're supposed to get from the publisher through a link does not exist. I email them as instructed, but I get no reply. (I did checked the spam mail). Too bad. the physical version may be a better deal and you can borrow it at your public librairy. that's the reason of the 2 stars.
This book was assigned as a supplement in my Organic class.  In working through the first few chapters, my classmates and I noticed a few mistakes.  My teacher was furious as he uncovered more and more errors.  As it ended up, there were over four full pages of corrections to be made.  My teacher ended up having us all used the 5th edition instead, which had less errors.It seems awful to me that a new edition of a text would come out with more errors than the previous edition, and it was immensely frustrating as a student trying to learn the material to discover that the book itself had mistakes.With all that said, the book was very helpful in teaching nomenclature.  However, some ways of naming where introduced, only to be later stated that that wasn't actually the way to do it.The book has a good idea behind it, but it needs to develop a clearer approach.  This approach should not introduce so many ways of naming only to take them back in the next chapter.  Also, eliminating errors is a must.
I had trouble standing fifty pages. This book is so bad in its own way that my main reactions were sympathy for the authors and curiosity about the reviewers quoted on the jacket. Same "New York Times" that covered for Stalin and Castro, I guess. Shows the value of having Ivy friends in the publishing business. Should help the authors in some other work.Read Doyle's "The Sign of Four" for the umpteenth time and get more out of it.
I am not only a reader--I am also a book hoarder. I buy lots of books, and eventually I get around to reading them. Then, when I finish reading a book, I usually keep it, on the off chance that I might want to reread it someday. I have no such desire to keep my copy of "The Secret History" by Donna Tartt. This novel is a colossal disappointment. When this book was published nearly 20 years ago, I can recall the near-universal acclaim it received. Reviewers couldn't laud Tartt's debut novel enough. Copies of the book lined store shelves everywhere. I bought the book intending to read it someday, and a few months ago, I finally grabbed it off my shelf and dove in. Between the time I began reading this book and today, when I finally finished it, I've read about 6 or 7 other books (and this is rare, since I don't like to begin reading a book if I'm already reading another one). But slogging through this self-indulgent narrative was literary torture. The story unfolds with a narrative gimmick--the narrator, a student named Richard attending a small, exclusive upper-class college in the Northeast, reveals that he and a group of his friends have killed one of their own. The first part of this unnecessarily lengthy novel (524 pages!) chronicles the inane bohemian lives of this spoiled group of rich kids (Richard, the working-class outsider, is presumably our everyman guide through this mysterious world of privileged ennui). By the time they kill Bunny (yes, that's his name), I no longer cared about Charles and Camilla, the probably incestuous twins, or Francis, the fey gay guy, or Henry, the Machiavellian brains of the operation. These characters have no redeeming qualities, and they care about nothing, least of all each other. I don't necessarily need to have a novel populated by characters that I like, but I at least want to care about them in some way--the characters in this novel evoke no sense of "simpatico." If they were real people, I would studiously avoid them at all costs. Even the description of the murder is inert--there is no action, no tension, no suspense. And the rest of the novel meanders through a rather boring campus-wide search for the body, Bunny's ensuing funeral, and the dissolutions of the lives of characters about whom I did not care in the least. I cannot remember the last time I was so grateful to have finished a book.
I decided to read this "book" after reading the wildly popular THE DA VINCI CODE, wondering what the fuss was all about. I'm open to all sorts of ideas and concepts, no matter how wild they are. But I'm not open to badly researched and written books. And HOLY BLOOD HOLY GRAIL is one of the worst excuses  for a book that I have ever read in my entire life. It's hard to believe it became such a bestseller 20 years ago.Let me just quote a few lines from the book:From page 114: "This, of course, was only speculative hypothesis, with no documentary confirmation."From page 115: " This cannot be proved, but neither can it be dismissed out of hand."From page 116: "On the basis of these connections we had formulated a tentative hypothesis."I gave up on the book after reading those three lines on three successive pages. The pattern of this book is totally infuriating. The authors keep writing about this and that and have absolutely no proof for anything. They even keep on repeating that they have no concrete proof for anything but, like the quote from page 115, that even though all of this can't be proven, they keep on delving in their fanciful theories because those theories cannot be dismissed outright. Well, with such a flimsy raison d'etre for a book, I could easily write a book on the existence of Santa Claus, not based on actual proof that Santa Claus exists but because no one has proof that Santa Claus DOESN'T exist.I wish I didn't spend money on this "book". I'm giving 2 stars only because part of the background history they write about is interesting stuff but once they start imagining that "this and that" is like "this and that" because of their "this and that" minds, well, the whole book becomes a pointless, meandering fantasy. I have better things to do than waste my time on this "book". Like clipping my toenails.
This book claims to "make the essentials of the subject accessible to a broad undergraduate audience in a way that is mathematically sound but presupposes no special mathematical experience."  On this count, the book fails miserably.  The book starts easily enough with an introduction to sets and languages, but by the time Chapter 3 rolls around, the writing degenerates into the hectoring style of Russell and Whitehead... pages and pages of non-intuitive academic proofs, and making simple concepts needlessly complex in the name of Formality.  The concepts the authors are presenting are fascinating, but in order to get to them you have to spend way too much time shuffling symbols.  By the time we've made it to Chapters 6 and 7 (the good ones) we've lost most of the students in the muddy bootcamp of Chapters 3 and 4.Don't buy this book, and don't use it to teach; the Sipser book is the way to go.
This was one of the three books I have read for the Sun Java Certified Programmer's exam. The other two were Simon Roberts, Philip Heller &amp; Michael ernest's Complete Java 2 Certification guide and Java 2 Exam Cram by Bill Brogden. I hate to say this, but this book is a disaster. In my opinion, I feel this book did not even have an editor. The diagrams are unclear and some of them are flat out wrong. The erratra is not quite comprehensive and there are many more errors. It really feels like a rough draft thrown upon the hapless, but expectant reader to proof read this immense peice of junk.Not only is it wrong to have a book this poorly edited/proofread put out for people to buy for a certification exam they pay 150 bucks, but it is also morally wrong for them to even publish a book like this which would be disastrous if this is the only book u read for taking the JAVA 2 certification exam. I was mostly disbelieving on the feedback I heard on the book initially when people started bad mouthing this book in almost all the websites/discussion groups I have been to, but let me warn you, this book will damage your understanding of Java. It has a tendency to ramble and confuse more than its purpose to impart concise, efficient information. Of course, there are a lot of good parts too, but not something which you will not find elsewhere. If I were you, I would really avoid this book. You would be better off with the other certification books (RHE, Exam Cram, Khalid Mughal et al.,) . Trust me on this one. Good luck in your exam!!
I was excited to read this as I love historical fiction. Pillars of the Earth, The Constant Princess, The Bronze Horseman. Love all of those. I am 50% through this book which has felt like a lifetime. I keep reading because I normally finish every book I start. But I'm not compelled at all. Spoiler** Infidelity, abuse, lots of sex scenes (I didn't think this was gonna be a cheesy romance book) and unnecessary tangents are making this slow going. I keep hoping it'll pick up but I don't really care about any of the characters except for the poor husband she's cheating on. I've had it four months and can only get through twenty Kindle pages at a time. I guess I'm missing something.UPDATE: I just skipped half the book because I couldn't read it anymore. SPOILER: I thought at the end she'd be brought back to the present with her real husband and it would be resolved. Nada, she didn't get back. It was such a pointless book to me. I'd advise anyone who is a fan of Historical Fiction not to read this book. I honestly don't know how this got such great reviews. It baffles me.
The only reason I bought/read this book was 'cause someone on a website said it ressembled Chuck Palahniuk's style; that person must've been on drugs... bad ones.I knew I should've stayed away from the book as soon as I saw the "Catcher in the Rye for the MTV generation" review. It took me one page to realize I was reading an 80's remake of said book, plus drugs and some sex scenes thrown in for good measure. I hated "Catcher" and now I hate "Less than 0". The only positive thing I found about the book was the fact that someone with absolutely nothing to say and with a basic understanding of the english language can write a book and make some money from of it.Can anybody tell me what's so interesting about this book, anyway? There's no beggining, no ending, no substance, no soul... no nothing! It's nothing but a bad, sorry, pathetic attempt to make the reader feel pity for a bunch of unsatisfied rich kids. I have no sympathy for rich kids, imaginary or real.Avid reader, beware! Waste not your hard earned money on a silly book like this one, I learned my lesson the hard way. Do yourself a favor and read ANY book by Chuck Palahniuk, you won't regret it. Cheers.
Unfortunately, I did not like this book. I found it difficult to read and boring, even though it was recommended by a friend..
I have your fan until now. But this is your second really bad book on the trot after &quot;the lost world'. Well Mr.Crichton you have permanently lost a reader. I'm sure you don't care as this one is going to make gazillions on the movie revenues.....so maybe you should just write screenplays from now on.
This is horrible.  I am not sure if this story of a pathetic loser, Martin, is supposed to be funny or depressing. I have seen people almost this disgusting and doormat-like before, but I think most of them would go postal if treated like Martin is.  Even his own mother hates him!  If you are depressed, this could push you over the edge.  Don't bother with this one.
I bought this book on my Kindle and found myself reading it a month after I downloaded it.  About half way through reading it, I thought "I must have bought this for my boys."  I have an 11 year old and a 13 year old.  I went back to the Amazon description to see if it is considered "teen fiction".  After re-reading the description, I see that this is not something that I would have ordered for them.  The book is boring rendition of life on a cotton farm through a young boys eyes.  Even the description of murder is glazed over as if the boy had his eyes closed most of the time.  The book elicts no emotion from the reader. There are random MLB stories that are irrelevant to the story that I was really bored with.
I gave this a 2 stars because it not a page turner. Read this if you need something for insomnia. Keep it on your nightstand.
I was at the talk of a certain Nobel Prize winner once and he said, half jokingly, that all science is motivated by hatred and envy. This certainly doesn't discount that and is fun to read for what it's worth.I would  however like to vent on the two main female characters. They're insultingly  the most one-dimensional characters I've read in years. Granted, anyone who  reads this book is looking for science anecdotes not general storytelling  but I do have my limits
I spent several weeks with this book before putting it aside once and for all about two-thirds through; perhaps this commentary is therefore based on an incomplete understanding. I gave up on this memoir because I was getting no insight into nor developing any empathy for what exactly made the author such an extreme sociopath at a very young age. Perhaps self-professed "progressives" like myself are too disposed to search for explanations in social conditions or dysfunctional homes for brutal, hate-filled and just plain loathsome people like "Monster" Kody Scott. But Mr. Scott didn't grow up in real deprivation, abuse or emotional dysfunction; the conventional explanations about what produces violent, criminal personalities seem not to apply to him. At a stretch I might be able to spin some sort of post-modernist theory about social contextualization and masculinity performance to generate some type of (pseudo-) understanding and therefore empathy for this person, but that would require a greater suspension of critical thinking than I am capable of mustering. Those who complete this book might have better insight and appreciation into how and why Monster Kody became who he was as a youth and young man. I suggest, however, that they not begin reading it on a full stomach.
Managing People and Performance ; Fast track to success ( accelerate Your Career) is basically like cotton candy, it looks good but there is very little substance. These books are pretty much interchangeable  there is a lot of blatter but not much you can really use. On the whole this book is not something I would recommend.Look else wear, as this is a waste of your time.
This book is horrible. It's barely even readable. Nearly every paragraph is packed with tiresome analogies that go on forever and could only make sense to the person writing them.Then there's the story. Lost in all his cumbersome, descript, superfluous writing is this little story that goes absolutely nowhere. And the ending--I forced myself through 350 pages for that? Give me a break.Unadulterated crap.
In a nutshell, take all the wonder and whimsy and philosophical depth of the Tao of Pooh. Repeat precisely the same messages in shorter form, swapping the name Piglet for Pooh. Mix in with cynicism, complaints, whining, and just a very slight edge of borderline paranoia. Serve cold (and mirthless, and dull, etc.). This book, more than anything, seems a documentary on Benjamin Hoff's slide from philosophizing tranquilly to becoming a very bitter person. From scarcely veiled ravings against feminism (something that seems to smack of a man who recently suffered a bad breakup over macho behaviour) to railings against modern technology that harken back vaguely to the tinfoil hat crowd, this book is best appreciated as a cautionary tale that even the most seemingly solid minds can be spoiled by a life not lived carefully. The text itself, as informed above, is basically the Tao of Pooh rehashed with this depressing, trite, and minimalistic elegy for the lost innocence of Piglet, made into little more than a handpuppet for Hoff's personal agendas.
3,000 problems is not very much. My Calculus book, Early Transcendental Functions 5e has over 10,000 problems. ETF 5e is well written and enjoyable. Solutions may be found at calcchat.com, or you could buy the solution manual like I did so you can have it with you at school.
very small text made this book impossible to use. Then, large bold text explaining. Please review and enlarge the lesson materiel if possible.
I have been an off and on vegetarian for about fifteen years. Recently I moved our family to a 100% vegetarian diet that includes not using a lot of fat because I am concerned about the long term effects of eating a lot of foods that have saturated fats (cheese in particular, but olive oil as well, which is 14% saturated fat). If you are looking for cookbooks that might offer some help in this respect, do not buy this one. The majority of the recipes are loaded with eggs, olive and vegetable oils, cheese, butter, heavy cream and creme fraiche. We are not talking moderate quantities either--the Mushroom Lasagne has eighteen ounces of cheese, thirteen ounces of ricotta cheese, ten tablespoons of butter and one large egg. The Caramelized Garlic Tart uses one tablespoon of olive oil, but nine ounces of goat cheese, two eggs and thirteen tablespoons of creme fraiche and heavy cream.If Ottolenghi uses olive oil in a recipe, he introduces prodigious quantities of it. The first recipe in the book, "Poached baby vegetables with caper mayonnaise," uses one and one third cups of oil, including one full cup in the poaching liquor. The second recipe in the book, for "Moroccan Carrot Salad," calls for one third cup of olive oil plus more for finishing. There are a some recipes that use two to four tablespoons of olive oil, but they are in a minority.An annoyed reader wrote to the Guardian newspaper complaining about the amount of fat in the the Broccoli and Gorgonzola Pie and Ottolenghi characterized the complaint as "a condescending attempt by someone who, I suspect, doesn't like food to tell others what to eat". This is a childish reaction to a criticism that probably comes from someone concerned about the health implications of too much saturated fat in a diet. Ottolenghi advances the "general sense of over indulgence" over the last few decades as a reason why people include less meat in their diets, but the recipes in this cookbook are the epitomy of over indulgence. Some of them can be modified to meet a higher standard of healthful cooking, but most are not amenable to that kind of change.The book is beautifully photographed and has a padded cover, but potential buyers should be aware that it has a particular bent that makes the cookbook less valuable for many of us.
Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH was one of my very favorite books when I was a kid, and when I introduced it to my husband and 7-year-old son this year, they both fell in love as well. We were excited to find the two sequels, as they were published quite some time after I first read Mrs. Frisby, and I didn't even know they existed. The second book, while not anywhere near as good as the first, had some merit. It kept more to the spirit of the story, kept many of the favorite characters going, and drew you in enough to want more. This third book, however, was not that great. We were very disappointed. As others have stated, it focused way too much on the human children and not enough on the rats. Also, while I realize that the whole idea of intelligent rats is pure fantasy in and of itself, the first two books were written in such a convincing way that you could almost accept that it could actually happen. But, there was a lot in this third book that was just plain ridiculous. Really young children and rats alike were doing things that were just silly and completely unbelievable. And, as a mother, I was angry that a children's book would have profanity in it--it was just one word, but I felt that it was completely unnecessary. I was thankful that I was reading it aloud to my son and could substitute another word in its place. I might have given it 3 stars had it not been for this issue. Some people say this book is for die-hard fans only. I would say if you are a die-hard fan, skip it. You'll only be left feeling gypped.
This book is totally empty of any useful concepts.Its just a way to promote Nassar's trading school.Get Master Swing Trader instead. The people giving this bookgood reviews are probably not traders or maybe areNassars friends.
I've read 613 pages of this book and yet nothing significant has happened.  Sooooo boring!  Very disappointed.  Won't buy anything else from this author.  This is ridiculous
"The Last Human" continues the adventures of Lister, Rimmer, The Cat, and Kryten. It also adds in the Kochanski character also is added as a member of the cast. Overall, the characters have devolved from being fully formed and enjoyable, to being bland and fairly dull. The plot leaps, of course, from improbability to impossibility, but with little of the humor that make "Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers" or even "Better Than Life" enjoyable. Fans of the series will want to read this entry in the series, but those who are looking to have a casual read will probably want to pass.J.Ja
Has anyone consistently made any real money from the CANSLIM method over the long-term (say 3 to 5 years) ? If you have, please let me know !! This book reads well and is quite intriguing, but let's face the truth: the message here is about market timing and predicting the movement of stock prices which no one can do consistently. I mean really.  The tea-cup pattern of stock pricing ? There is no way one can use this pattern every time to fathom where a stock price will go, let alone determine when to buy and sell shares of a stock. This book contains lots of stock charts to validate CANSLIM, but it's like using a cracked rear-view mirror to drive foward. Unless you enjoy financial pornography, readers and serious investors beware !!
As a Jew who has mostly been exposed to the &#34;nicer&#34; side of life, I thought it would be great fun to read about other Jews who happily bent the rules (as well as the law!) and who weren't so concerned with keeping up appearances (we're really human, you know!).  Although this book is fairly well researched, it is disjointed, confusing, and, well, frankly the author -- although he had interesting material to work with -- is a lousy writer.  He just can't seem to get his thoughts and facts organized.  So it's annoying to read simply because of his writing style.  I gave up halfway through since it just didn't seem worth the effort.
In the face of 25 five-star glowing reviews as I type this (the majority of which I notice are the only review the person has posted on Amazon), I must stand on the other side and give this two stars.The premise or theme of this book is that trading is 20% intellectual and 80% psychological (I won't argue with that), and that to be successful in trading a person must know thyself, and to harmonize your trading systems with your emotions. The way I understand what the author is saying is that you have to find a trading system that integrates with your character and personality - a style that fits the way you are (because let's face it, most people are pretty much set when they are still kids and it is really hard to make significant changes after that - hence the reason why self-help books keep selling, over and over and over again to the same people - different titles but similar themes). So that is what I was expecting from this book - to educate the reader on how to know thyself, and to adapt that self to a compatible trading style.That is not the case. Instead, the author does describe various trading styles, points out how emotions have created unsuccessful trades, and then he tells the reader how they must change to take the emotion out of it, or to look at things in a certain way because it is a more sensible way to trade.  In other words, he is doing what countless other books out there do, giving advice on how you should emotionally approach a trade. Yes, there are lots of books that advocate strict methods of trading (such as reading charts, or using certain criteria to trigger a buy or sell order), but there are also lots of books that address the emotional component of trades. The author describes his book in a fairly unique manner, but the actual content belies the description.  This turned out to be just another book that advises the reader on how not to let his or her emotions get the better of themselves when engaging in trades.I also found that the author writes about some subject matter in a very breezy, informal way that assumes the reader is already familiar with the mechanics of those types of transactions. If you are not one of the people who is familiar with that type of transaction then the point of what he is saying may be over your head, as some of them were for me. I thought some things could have been explained better.As an educational read, this book is average. If you've never read a book about the psychological aspects of investing, then this would be worthwhile because the author covers the topic in a relatively short space. But if you've already read other books on the subject, this one is not going to tell you something you haven't already read somewhere else. It tries to portray the subject from a different angle, but the actual writing is no different than many other books out there.
I make it a point to never give up on a book till I've read the last page, but this book finished me long before I finished it! And I DID finish it, but I must confess that I just didn't GET what it was saying, and so I just can't recommend it to the average reader out there. Maybe if you are a political scientist or something, you will know what is going on here (allegorically and all)... and maybe I am just the wrong reader for this genre altogether, and there is nothing I dislike more than the feeling of handing a negative review to a writer who, in other respects, I greatly admire. I think it is important though for potential readers to not base their acquiring of this book on an admiration of Chesterton's other works (ie., the Father Brown stories, or his outright theological stuff). This book is nothing like those other writings which I dearly love. The Man Who Was Thursday is about this poet/detective (Gabriel Syme) who is hired to perform a clandestine infiltration of a group of anarchists, each named for a day of the week and all bent on destroying the world. I was lost, lost, lost. Granted, greater minds than mine will not agree, but have mercy, I am arguing from, and for, the commoner. If that final hot-air balloon scene was meant to be climactic, it only served to further tempt me toward the committal of the book in its entirety to the gravitational forces on the nether side of my balcony.
Of course, from the very title you know not to expect a believeable story, but this author does not even try to bridge the believable gap of the unbelievable.I doubt the author is a woman. It reads like it's written by a man--despite the mushy love story. The author uses crude language when it's not necessary and has the main character sleep with another man (twice) when she is most likely not to do so - unless written by a man.To top it off, the ending is decididely unsatisfying.
Mr Talbott actually suggests in this book that you either sell your house or buy put options on Fannie Mae... and that is after he convincingly shows that house prices only ever go up...That is both stupid and unAmerican. No wonder Goldman Sachs fired him.Verdict:Ignore
I purchased "Water Music" based solely on a recommendation from a website geared for exploration and adventure.  When the book arrived, I eagerly tore in but soon discovered that the book is replete with obscenities and indecencies.  It is so bad, in fact, that I had to slip it into the garbage before my children (eager readers) noticed it.  A skillful writer should not have to resort to smut, especially when dealing with such a vast topic as African exploration.  Alas, Mr. Boyle reduces the human race to its lowest common denominator with his "wise guy" style of prose.
Michael Crichton writes page-turner novels that are always easy to read and hard to put down.  In this book, he takes on one of the significant workplace issues of the last decade, sexual harrasment in the major  corporation.  So far, so good.  However, Crichton falls flat by attempting  to make his point about how &quot;complex&quot; this issue is by presenting  a role reversal situation in which a one-dimensionally ambitious and  ruthless female executive all but rapes a male underling.  He claims he is  doing this in order to be more thought-provoking, but I don't believe this.  The situation he presents is highly dubious, and overall the stolid  corporate-teckie as &quot;good guy&quot; and the female she-devil as  &quot;bad girl&quot; theme is calculated to appeal to a target audience of  wonk-male corporate drones who resent the sometimes-unfair consequences of  current affirmative action policies favoring women.  Certainly it's  *possible* that a Meredith Johnson could perform the dastardly deeds  depicted in the novel, but if Critchton wanted to write a book that showed  the everyday realities of sexual harassment in corporate America, he would  have built his plot around female workers being harassed by men, as this is  far and away the most typical manifestation of this problem. All in all,  the plot is lively and snappy, but the characters are cardboard and the  theme not terribly credible.
I thought this was mostly a rehash of what has been said better elsewhere.  It is not as complete as Ray Jardine's Beyond Backpacking. Not as well researched as Colin Fletchers Complete Walker.  I thought Kestenbaum didn't have much to add and his opinions were just that, his opinions.  Chris Townsend's book, The Advanced Backpacker, (oddly by the same publisher)is much better and seems to come from someone who benefited much more from his experiences.  There were some nice pictures and descriptions of gear, but then I can find that in my REI catalog!I also liked the picture on the cover.  Save your money and purchase Jardine's book for ultralight, or Chris Townsend's book on long-distance hiking.  If you are interested in Mountaineering get Mountaineering:Freedom of the Hills.  I don't recommend this book.
yes,  the storyline is great,  its churns your emotions,  you feel for kumalo and everything and everyone around him.  But hey,  this is not the first time i have read a book that is as moving. But definitely the book gives you a peek into the aparthied situation in Southafrica.  Just a peek,  there are more worser things happening there.I honestly struggled to read the book and understand it because of the language.  I like simple language,  which is understadable in todays world.  And i think if this book was re - written in not so poetic style,  i would have loved it.Its a tough read.  You need to clear your mind of distractions to understand the book.But seriously whats the hue and cry all about!!!! Not fascinated.
I am of Scottish decent so I thought this would be a good read. Don't waste your time or money on this book. This is one of the few books I did not care to finish. There were some parts that were interesting but a large portion of it is filled with sex, rape and it goes on and on with details. I found it very disappointing.  Maybe those who like dirty sex might find it of interest.
This is an ambitious book that does not quite live up to its promise.  Conroy writes well and had a horrifically eventful life, but (at least in my reading) you feel he is straining to make things more than they were or than his memory can evoke.Anyone who survives a childhood like his is to be commended.  His father was insane and once attacked him with murderous intent, his mother led a disordered and selfish life, and mental illness affected his siblings.  He lived by his wits, was very smart, and made it to a degree.  I have no doubts that he presents the facts as they were.  His description of the deterioration of his sister is deeply moving and frightening.However, Conroy's writing feels to me as if he is trying to over-dramatize his life, fitting it into a pattern driven more by literary ambition than having something to say.  It is hard to put my finger on, why it didn't feel right to me rather often.This book was read widely in the 70s in writing classes on college campuses.  That was when I first read it, right on the heels of all the greats I was discovering, like Nabokov's Speak, Memory (which definitely doesn't feel forced in the detail and specificity of his memories).  Picking it up today, it feels dated and appeared to me to be a step in a career he crafted for himself rather than a work that will survive.  I somewhat liked it at first reading, and found it extremely tedious today.  There are much better confessional memoires now.  I would recommend skipping it for others.
The book is written to cover most of the futures trading topics but fails to explain them well. Often only several paragraphs will be spent on each heading which are not enough to explain it but enough to confuse you further, then it'll end and the next heading begins. It's like a thick book of table of contents with brief explanations added, or a list of futures trading topics with overview. I think the only reason it has 4 stars is because no similar book is written recently that covers all these topics in one place, so it's a convenient overview, but other than that, I see no value in this book in it's content and effort. I'm glad I get it from the library, you should too.
I seem to be in the minority here, but I found this book very disappointing, primarily because it apparently never was edited at all. It contains literally (I mean literally) hundreds of typos, grammatical errors, poorly organized sections, and awkwardly worded phrases. The content may be good, but I find the lack of care in assembling this book insulting. The result appears to have been created by hastily transcribing dictated material and taking it directly to press.The "dictation" style requires careful use of headings to guide the reader/learner through the hierarchy of presentation. Intelligent heading use is largely absent, e.g., in a section starting on pg. 266, (A Few Threats to Security Models and Architectures), Covert Channels, Countermeasures, Back Doors, Countermeasures, Timing Issues, Countermeasures, Buffer Overflows, and Countermeasures are all presented at the same heading level. It is clear that the countermeasure item should be subsidiary to the threat preceeding it in each case. (This is an easy example to see and correct, but others are more obscure).The conversational but awkward wording, e.g., "A covert storage channel is when a process writes data to..." can be repaired easily by someone with minimal experience.Disagreements in number between verb and subject are too numerous to mention.I don't mean to sound like an English teacher (I'm not), but I think shoddy work should not be rewarded. McGraw-Hill Osbourne can do (and has done) better. We should encourage them to spend more time in preparing an expensive book by buying the competition.Although the examples were presented from one section, I have in fact read three-quarters of the book. I just happened to be in chapter 5 when my frustration peaked.
In my honest opinion the characters develop too quickly in this book.  We go from rural China to Manchester England in a couple of chapters.  Amy Tan, my favorite author, approved this book, but I don't think it is close to her writing style at all.I would have been more impressed with Lily if Lung Fung was bought on her own, not with the "break" her former employers give her.Since Amy tan has not written anything in a while I turn to other authors since I enjoy reading about families from Asia, this choice was a disappointment.
I think this book may work for those who are really against letting their babies cry, but I have to say, if you are truly sleep deprived, trying to remember all of the things you're supposed to do at 2 am (and 3 am, 4 am, etc.) is nearly impossible. When I would wake up in the wee hours with my son, I couldn't remember all of the methods she described, and it wasn't like I could read the book right then! If you are really committed to this type of method, I would think it would work pretty well, but in my completely exhausted state, trying to remember several different steps to help my baby back to sleep made me more frustrated.
No.  It's poorly written.  I'm sorry I bought this book.  I thought it would be as interesting as Johnny Cash's biography's, but it is NOT at all.
My second grader brought this paperback home, having received this paperback as a holiday gift. We read it together, and I found several things that struck me as inappropriate:1. One day grandfather would not get out of bed or speak. Reason, according to the town doc, is "your grandfather just doesn't want to live anymore."2. So--a ten-year-old boy is allowed to take care of Gramps full time, although the boy attends school then hangs out in town until 6PM. The boy begs Grandpa to get up, and finally works out hand signals for yes or no questions.3. The boy discovers that Gramps had not been paying the taxes, and decides to enter a race with the family dog. He uses his entire college savings to enter.4. The boy's main competitor is "Stone Fox" an "Indian" who in one scene smacks the kid in the eye, and at the dramatic ending of the race keeps the other racers back by firing his rifle.5. The family dog dies when his heart EXPLODES ten feet from the finish line.6. Onlookers to the race include the TOWN DRUNK who takes swigs of whiskey.I could list more, but you get the idea. My Grandpa is Native American, and I did not appreciate the depiction of Stone Fox. I also have had a relative who, although physically healthy, decided not to get out of bed one day. The horrific workload associated with caring for him is not anything a ten year old could handle. My perceptive son asked "how does Grandpa go to the bathroom?" Indeed.There are so many great stories for our kids. In my opinion, Stone Fox is not one of them.
I had heard that this book contained some great insight about the need for change. Instead, what I ofund was a simple and inane fairy tale that didn't really tell me anything I did not already know. Steer clear of this one.
The story is terrific, classic Conrad. The printing is rubbish though (I am referring to the version published by S&P; with the sandy shore on the cover). The font size is miniscule - almost impossible to read - while the book's title is printed in an enormous font at the top of every page. It looks like a PDF gone wrong.Get the book, but from a decent publisher. There is no way I'm buying another S&P; product.
Part of the fun of P. G. Wodehouse's stories is that even when you know where the characters will end up, it is usually by a path which is unpredictable.  Unfortunately, that isn't true in the case of "The Little Nugget".  While the story does have a few curves in it, compared to a typical Wodehouse it is a veritable straight line.  The book is divided into two parts.  The first is very short, and introduces the character of Ogden Ford, i.e. The Little Nugget, and his mother Nesta, as well as her associates which lead us to the narrator of the second part of the book, Peter Burns.  Peter has been asked by his fianc&eacute;e Cynthia (who works for Nesta Ford) to kidnap Ogden from the school in which his father has placed him, and deliver The Little Nugget to his mother.While there are a few moments in the story, in general it just doesn't measure up to the other Wodehouse stories that I have read.  In particular it pales compared to "Piccadilly Jim", which sees the return of Ogden and his mother, but in a different setting and with a much more entertaining plot full of twists and turns.  In particular, this is not a good choice for someone unfamiliar with Wodehouse, as they would miss out on what a typical Wodehouse story is like.This is an early Wodehouse book, first being published on August 28, 1913 by Methuen & Co. London.  In the U.S., it was first published on February 10, 1914 by W. J. Watt and Company.  This edition is part of The Collector's Wodehouse series published by Overlook Press in the U.S., and in the U.K. it is known as The Everyman Wodehouse series published by Everyman's Library.  This title is not part of one of Wodehouse's series, although as mentioned before there are characters that appear in a later book.
Is there a better way to use this book than to burn it? No.I had the misfortune of using this book for managerial accounting, quite possibly one of the most boring and over-complicated classes in the world. Over-complicate: as in the material is actually easy but they must write 1000 pages on it so that students will never understand it.In any event, people still use this book for some reason. When I tried to sell it around 2 years later, the book depreciated to $1 from $200 because I guess the 14th edition came out. Either that or this book was found to cause herpes. It's ironic that this book is an accounting failure of its own and the publishers can't even find a way to prevent the book from depreciating 19900%. Nonetheless, since it's now worth $1, it would be of more value to use this as firewood.
I think Ms. Reichs needs to go back to the drawing board and write Temperance Brennan in a way that won't turn off the readers For one, I got tired of Tempe's sanctimonious attitude that she was the only one determined to find justice for a dead prostitute. She's such a champion of truth and equality and no one else cares unless they live, sleep and breath a case like she does. For another, she's an anthropologist not a police detective. Tempe continually goes off the reservation and oversteps the boundaries of her job and then gets whiny and impatient if Slidell doesn't jump when she snaps her fingers. I get that fiction is entertainment and authors must take certain liberties for the sake of the story, but jeez louise.As for the plot itself, it was beyond implausible. I felt like I was reading one story and then poof! we're in Afghanistan for the middle chunk of the book with an entirely new cast of characters. Hmmm, can anyone say filler used to disguise a thin storyline? Reichs can also spare me with the PC nonsense about how we as Americans should feel towards Muslims in the ME and SW Asia.Anyhoo, compared to the utter disaster that Patricia Cornwell's books have become, Reichs is still sailing smoothly. Next time around I'd like to see Tempe back up in Montreal; and we all kow the inevitable Tempe-Ryan-Pete love triangle is on the way....
I'm as big a fan of fairy tale retellings as the next person, but these stories were horrible.  The prose is horrible with little or no magic or rhythm, and the retellings themselves leave on aghast.Don't bother with this collection, unless you have considerable amounts of both time and money to waste!
Goldsmith used all the basic elements of another writer's earlier novel, THE BOYFRIEND SCHOOL by Sarah Bird.  In both the heroine is a newspaper writer who decides to make over a male friend who strikes out with women into literally a 'bad boy' who dresses the part in leather, etc., and rides a motorcycle, or looks as if he does in Goldsmith's book, only to fall in love with him herself.  There is even the user boyfriend she has to give up in favor of the newly-remade guy in both books. Bird's book is much funnier.  The idea they both put forth is that women don't like and aren't attracted to nice guys, they want dangerous.  Personally as a woman I think this is nuts.  I don't want to hook up with some hairy guy on a Harley, nice guys though they may be under it all, let alone one who treats me or any other woman badly. I like 'em clean cut, and good to women. When a woman says, "You're a nice guy, but..."  What she really means is, "I don't want to hurt your feelings, but there is just no chemistry between us."  It's got nothing to do with his wearing Dockers or greasy jeans.  He just hasn't got it for her.  Chemistry is what it's all about, before anything else is considered. Bird made it into a hilarious book.  Goldsmith not so much.
I love the premise - 500 year old book filled with riddles and puzzles.  But the lack of character development and over-dependence on descriptive day-to-day college life makes the end result dull.  The authors, if they continue writing, will undoubtedly learn how to develop characters without resorting to simply describing the characters and the character's feelings.  But as for this book, 80% of it is exactly that -  a descriptive narrative of a group of college seniors and their daily actions and feelings.  I don't feel as if I got to know or empathize with any of these characters despite learning eveything about them.As for the ancient book and it's mysteries - interesting at times, but there were too few of these moments.All in all, a forgettable read.
In Kindle form you can't increase the font size of the examples, so they stay minute and almost unreadable. Don't buy unless they can sort out this problem.
I was quite disappointed in the book.  Like everyone else, I waited for years to read the sequel that was so obviously coming.  Now that I've read it, I feel somewhat cheated.  I found myself being somewhat understanding  of Hannibal's nastiness... instead of being in awe of a mysterious force of nature.
The story was hard to follow, and so I did not read beyond the first half, and that was a struggle.
STORY BRIEF:Nonesuch is defined as a model of excellence or perfection.  Sir Waldo is called the Nonesuch because of his sporting accomplishments and skill with horses.  He is wealthy.  He establishes and supports orphanages that care for, educate, and provide children with skills.  He recently inherited Broom Hall, a rundown estate near the town of Oversett.  Waldo stays there to oversee repairs and improvements.  He plans to turn it into an orphanage.  His cousin Julian accompanies him.  While there, Waldo and Julian meet and interact with a number of people who live in Oversett.Ancilla had a season but didn't fall in love.  Her family is low on money so she gets a job as a teacher in a girls' school.  Tiffany attended this school and was so bad she got kicked out.  Tiffany was sent to live with her aunt Mrs. Underhill in Oversett.  Since Ancilla was the only person Tiffany would listen to, Mrs. Underhill hires Ancilla to be Tiffany's governess/companion.  Tiffany's parents died leaving her wealthy.  She is vain, selfish, narcissistic, irritating, obnoxious, spoiled, and extremely beautiful.  She throws tantrums when she doesn't get her way.  She expects all men to fall in love with her.REVIEWER'S OPINION:Like other Heyer books I love the various personalities, their interactions, and their conversations.  I enjoyed watching Ancilla influence Tiffany.  For example, Tiffany was upset that she wasn't invited to someone's party.  Ancilla told her that the party would be held in a green room that would clash with Tiffany's blue dress and why it would be better to ...  Tiffany accepted this.  Tiffany's behavior throughout the book was bad which was fun reading.Julian is blinded by Tiffany's beauty.  Waldo sees through Tiffany immediately.  Tiffany is confused by Waldo's hot vs. cold treatment of her.Waldo falls in love with Ancilla, but she won't have him.  The author used my pet peeve of a "big misunderstanding based on miscommunication."  When Waldo asked her what was wrong.  I was angry that she would not tell him.  This continued for much too long.  For this reason I gave it 2 stars.  If you don't mind the big misunderstanding and her refusal to answer questions, but you're a Heyer fan, then you should like it.As far as romance goes, this is typical Heyer with a friendship developing through the book, and a declaration of love at the very last moment.  I would have liked more story between the couple after they declared their feelings.  I also wanted to know what Waldo was going to do for Laurence at the end.  Laurence wanted to borrow money for a business.The book description is somewhat misleading.  It mentions "An impetuous flight" and "A Gallant rescue."  This happens at the very end of the book.  Most of the story is about other things happening before that.I love the narrator Eve Matheson.  I'd almost recommend this just to spend time with her.  She has a lovely British accent and does all the voices well.DATA:Unabridged audiobook length: 10 hours 49 minutes.  Narrator: Eve Matheson.  Swearing language: mild.  Sexual content: none.  Setting: 1816-1817 England.  Book Published: 1962.  Genre: regency romance.
The book's reasoning is based mostly on 2 presumptions: a poor priest has found something in Rennes-le-Chateau, and this something is a proof that Priory of Sion has some secret knowledge. Both of them are just eleborate hoaxes - everywhere in Internet you can find who, when and why concocted them (just look, for example for "Rennes-le-Chateau hoax". Priory of Sion was just a club of friends, some of them wrote the "ancient" parchments, and Mr. Plantard has never been a "St.Clair", and priest Sauniere received his wealth from illegal selling of masses, and died in poverty, after Church investigation. I recommend reading "The Unknown Treasure: the Priory of Sion Fraud and the Spiritual Treasure of Rennes-le-Chteau"
This is a much hyped book that I was eagerly waiting for. I even pre-ordered it based on various TV accolades. Well, the first 50 pages were very difficult to plow through, but then it picked up and after setting it aside twice, I finished it.It's no Jane Eyre, or even the fast moving Tom Clancy, but worth the money and the read.
Briefly: &quot;Leviathan&quot; suffers, tragically, from a deep lack humanity and Auster's kitsch &quot;book within a book&quot; gimmick employment.  Folks, this is a rewrite of the far superior &quot;The Locked  Room&quot;.  Still, it almost makes it; had the development of Sach's and  the narrator's relationship been more deeply considered this may have been  quite good.  At each point in the novel we are given a situation that  brings us almost, not quite, a little bit further... to the development of  any sort of dynamic between the characters.  Relationships go from white to  black with the drop of a hat.  Somewhat contradicting myself, Auster could  have successfully dropped all relationships in the novel for a development  of a philosophical theme.
I read this book a couple of years ago after having read rave reviews of it and an article stating that Toole was nothing short of a genius. I really thought that I'd like it.  I tried to like it, but I had to struggle  just to get through it.  I thought that Ignatius was a fatuous, unlikeable  windbag, and after a hundred pages or so I just wished someone would  throttle him.  What killed this book for me was that I just didn't care  about Ignatius.  I will try to reread this book in the next few months to  see if my opinion has changed.  If this book entertains you, great, its  just didn't work for me.
If you have run a small business, you probably will have the same reaction as me when reading this.."Yeah, but so what?  It's what you have to do to survive"  A corporate businessperson, may get more out of this, because innovation can be risky to one's career. Each chapter contain's a "gem" from the small business person's school of hard knocks.If you are looking for a general business book to inspire and don't mind rereading same advice in a new way-you'll like this book.
This book was given to me as a gift.  I tried three separate times to read this thing and just couldn't get past the poor writing style.  It's like she doesn't know what a pronoun is.  I've read better from fifth graders.That said, I like the idea of the story and think it's funny and interesting.  Too bad it's trapped in a poor presentation.
I expected a bit more from this book. The author concentrated on things like knowing how to use power point or other technology to get your point across, I expected more content on what to say, how to dress, - I didn't care for the book.
I am not sure what was the intention of this book.  I thought I was going to learn about the debt problem of the country and how it could fall apart and strategies to prepare for such a situation.  This was not the case.The first two hundred pages dealt with a history of economic events with many charts and graphs which would make a novice skim past.  I am not sure an experienced financial person would find value as I found some of the events well known.I trudged on expecting to be told something I never understood or never thought about but it just didn't happen.When it came time for advice; the suggestions were rather basic in value and somewhat generic.  Suggestions such as developing discipline when it came to spending and saving or learning to identify the market when it is bull or bear.Overall, I think the book can be avoided; especially, by a novice.
Unfortunately, this is the required text for the Japanese classes at Fullerton College (CA).  (Maybe a better text does not exist.)It is impossible to look up anything.  The dialog examples are very lacking.  The examples are very narrow, staying with students talking to other students.  I don't want to learn how to ask someone what their major is, I want to be able to talk in a normal situation.Some of the phrases are not commonly used.  The vocabulary doesn't even include some common words.The most frustrating thing is how hard it is to find out how to say something you want to say--it is difficult to look up anything.  This text is just organized poorly.  It also needs to be much larger, with many more conversation examples.  It needs better explanations of grammar usage.I really liked "Learn Japanese" by John Young and Kimiko Nakajima-Okano, but volumes I, II and III do not seem to be in print anymore and are probably outdated now.  It had many more conversation examples, which are helpful.
I can't agree with the many people who have told me they found this to be an acceptable college text book.  The index is nearly useless, containing detailed information about minor references, but nothing leading you to important information.  The book starts slowly with an in-depth description of what a computer is, then rushes ahead without adequately detailing important concepts.  Often the examples included show exceptions to the rules, but not the rules themself.  I found much more useful information with random web searches.
How am I to begin? This book received such glowing reviews, and here I am sayind I did not like it.First: I'm not allowd to say I even have a tiny bit scrap of an idea about what the writer (or people in the same situation) went through. Hell on Earth. A nightmare that lasts for whole months (and memories that will haunt for the rest of your days). The natural lost of faith in God (at least in the God people say that has the final saying in everything we do!). Insanity threatening to take over at every corner.But all the ordeal the writer went through does not necessarily makes him a godd writer, at least in this first book. Like "The Pianist", all the horrorful ordeal thrwon upon him by the Germans was not portrayed vividly enough here.Don't get me wrong. I was terrified while reading the book. But I just think things are not explained properly. It even seems that, "OK the Germans were sadistic killers of Jews. But as long as you were fit for something you were alright!" It's absurd, I know, and it's NOT what is written in the book and it was NOT how it was. But, somehow, that's somekind of IDEA that went through my mind while reading the book!Certainly, when you have such "experience" (hell is not an experience.... it's HELL!) you'll not loose time trying to memory all the names, dates and situtatios. All your energy is focused on statying alive! Maybe that's why I found this book missing a lot (its short lenght is proof of that).
This is a stupid boring book centering around a cutesy metaphor.  It's about as useful as a filler article in the worst women's magazine.  Don't waste your money on this.  Buy a copy of Cosmo instead. But maybe I'm talking this way because of my personality disorder!  Most of the examples come from business, which is odd in a book with the tone of a self-help book.  Perhaps the author should point a finger at the corporate model, an insane system to which the only normal response would be insanity.
I've enjoyed most of the selections by Oprah's book club ... until I tripped on this one. &quot;Open House&quot; was predictable from page 1. The newly divorced woman who feels like her insides have been shredded? The teenage son who misses his Dad? The fat man with a heart of gold? The old lady who drinks tea and gives wise counsel? Although I found all of the characters interesting, none of them was surprising or all that loveable. They were simply fleshed out cliches. The best thing I can say for this book is that I learned some neat passive-aggressive tricks in case my man does me wrong. In which case his boxers are toast.
This is an expensive ($100) paperback textbook of about 180 pages that deals with 7 international franchise examples. I do not feel that the book has enough case detail to be effectively useful to a business person in the real world, although it may be a good introductory textbook to a business student.
Lots of big words, but little substance. I give it an "A" for effort, but the outcome is a big "D-" and that is generous.
Ruth Rendell hast justly earned the highest laurels for her superb novels; they are solidly in the realm of distinguished literature. This particular effort, however, is not. Other reviewers have described the appalling editing; the plot moves at a glacial pace, Wexford seems addled, bumbling, Burden a stubborn incompetent. A dismal third-rate effort from an author capable of far, far more.
This is my 4th book by this author.  I must have liked the first one well enough to read another.  The next two - can't remember the names - I couldn't finish because they were written in such a boring style.I downloaded this one to my MP3 player and continue to slog away at it.  If if was a book, I would have put it down long ago.  But I only have one or two more parts, so I will finish.  I'm having trouble concentrating, though, because I really don't care what happens with these people.I guess I just do not care for this author.  She comes up with interesting, contemporary plots that could result in very good books in the hands of a skillful author.I doubt I'll ever read another of her books...
This Kindle version is not acceptable. There are extra words and missing words. It was free but don't bother with it. I bought a copy at a used book store to read the book.
Unfortunately, Mario Puzo's literary talents did not age like wine. While The Godfather, his magnum opus, was action-packed, riveting and filled with colourful characters that filled every chapter and every margin, The Last Don fails in everything The Godfather succeeded in doing.While Puzo once again spends a majority of the novel detailing the lives and backgrounds of his protagonists, the villains get shafted, with a mere handful of paragraphs to flesh them out. This spills over in the character development of his &#34;heroes&#34;, and while complex and well-rounded, it heinously detracts from the action.The Hollywood segments are perhaps the dullest portion of the book (although a brilliant mob plot at one point almost saves the story). The producers, directors and studio heads are flat, greedy, manipulative scoundrels. Why Puzo didn't try to make them more composite is beyond me.This novel could have been two hundred pages shorter. The anti-climactic revelation concerning the Santadios is boring and doesn't even qualify as a mob war. Stick with The Godfather. This isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
This book is unbelievably heavy but very shallow. (I feel sorry for the trees!) At first I thought it's not that bad, so I brought it to my office for reference. Every time I needed to look up something, I dug thru over 1000 pages and found nothing. After that, I never laid my fingers on this book again. It's been sitting collecting dust on my shelf for over 2 years. I want to sell it, but man, lots of people are selling it for under 2 bucks. I spent over ... and didn't get anything in return. Believe it or not, it's so heavy that you wouldn't want to carry arround. In the final analysis, you can carry a brick in your backbag and it would have the same effect. It's not worth your money!
I recently reviewed Kathy Reichs' first book and thought it was bad, very bad actually. But because Kay Scarpetta's new one wasn't out yet, I read this one. Again we see our heroine Tempest going through a load of cases, connecting them and saving them.  Cool. What Mrs. Reich did better this time: the case is more believable than in the first book. But still: the character is pretty flat, the relationship of the protagonists is way off the standard we came to love with Patricia Cornwell, especially Mother &amp; Daugther.  BTW: I knew before I opened the book that Tempest would get a kick over the head after leaving a something. And, yessss for three points, she did.  I fought through to the end and then threw the book around the room because I hated myself for reading that far. Spare yourself this one.
I had high hopes for this book, for unfortunately, as other reviewers have also said, it's just too full of jargon, platitudes, and nonspecific anecdotes. It's not a practical tour of the psychology of influence at all. Rather, it's more like a jarring crash between motivational speech-making and amateur sociology. Not recommended.
CODEX is being marketed as a thriller, which is a shame, because it's not really meant to be one.  Instead, this is an literary novel by the 35-year old book critic for TIME magazine.  If you're looking for excitement and fast-paced suspense, you won't get it with this book in any way, shape, or form.This novel has little going for it.  The plot of CODEX is nominal, the characters are uninteresting, and the medieval subject matter is dry, The prose is very decent, but tends to meander from page to page, with no clear direction in mind.  In the end, I simply couldn't finish this book.  From what I understand from the other reviews, the ending of this novel is terrible, so I don't regret giving up on this one.My advice is to skip this book unless you have a strong interest in medieval history.
It's pretty much a re-hash of shop-warn &#34;Solution-Selling&#34; techniques which revolve around - basically - selling YOUR SOLUTION. Originally, the concept was first developed by Mack Hanon, a (true) management consultant, working the idea that a trained, experienced salesperson could - working WITH the customer - develop a real problem definition and solution ASSUMING THE SALESPERSON COULD DELIVER THAT SOLUTION. Hanon's philosophy was that if the salesperson's solution WASN'T a good fit, he/she would say so and LEAVE. Hanon originally called it &#34;consultative selling&#34;.Today, however, it's a catch-phrase for a lengthy sales interview that - get this! - almost invariably winds-up with a recommendation that the customer buy the salesperson's solution. Wonder what the odds of that happening are? Customers now largely discount the concept and just don't talk to salespeople anymore if they can avoid it at all, seeing little value in a vendor's impartiality. This book is old whine in new bottles.
Having been hooked by Outlander, I anxiously awaited the sequels, and despite my vow not to purchase The Fiery Cross when it came out after waiting 2(?) years and suffering through Diana's Outlandish Cookbook (read: money-making scheme!), I broke down and purchased the new novel.I should have trusted my first instincts and waited for paperback!  I finished the book in three days and not because it was a page-turner...I was just waiting for SOMETHING to happen!  This book is about 700 pages too long and the reader is forced to suffer through the menses of each character, more breast-feeding passages than a baby-rearing text, and countless (and I DO mean COUNTLESS) descriptions of Jamie's "flowing molten tresses."  Although the central theme of the novels is the love story between Jamie and Claire, it seems as though the first 300 pages of this book was simply there to re-establish just HOW MUCH they STILL love one another.  Ditto Roger & Brianna.  By page 250, the author had established that Claire & Jamie and Roger & Bree would STILL sleep together...and that's IT!  There's a vague plot about the Revolutionary War coming on, also some other kind of plot involving Stephen Bonnet...but mostly the author resorts to flogging the reader with vignettes of Jamie & Claire and Roger & Bree's homelife.  I have a home life with the every day banalities of kids and dishes and laundry and menses, etc.  -- I don't want to spend my time reading about it too!  This novel made me wonder if Diana is being paid per written word.So -- if you're a rabid fan of the series, invest the (price) for the book.  Or if (like me) you're tired of the author trying to turn spoiled Brianna and dull Roger into the exciting Jamie & Claire of Outlander, wait for the paperback.  Overall, a disappointing entry in an otherwise good series.
I'm sure Curtis made a lot of money as a Turtle Investor.  Sure as day.  I'm just as sure this book is worthless.  Any general references to methods are fleeting.  He spends more time yaking it up about his personal experience as a turtle than the actual trading way.  The book is more accurately the Narrative Experience of Curtis as a Turtle.  Secret methods.  No methods.  None of it really.Oh yea.  The author is down and out on his luck.  He needs to write these books or he won't be able to eat.  He's tried to get back in the game by opening up a hedge fund "Acceleration Capital", but it had to closed because of fraud.  True fact.  Look it up.If the author now, can't make any money applying his methods -- what are the odds the readers will make money trading his methods?
Este libro ha sido una gran decepcion para mi.Hace tiempo lei su libro, Trend Following, el cual me pareci&oacute; una maravilla y me gusto mucho, much&iacute;simo de hecho.Asi que cuando supe que habia publicado otro libro lo compre con gran espectacion.Lo dicho, una decepcion. Es un refrito reducido de su otro libro, usando una maquetacion moderna muy al estilo de los libros de Tom Peters (temas de management), diferentes tipos de letras y citas de traders o de otros libros por todos lados, pero sustancia poca.Si has leido Trend Following, no aporta absolutamente nada y si no lo has leido, leelo y te ahorras este.Supongo que este es uno de esos libros acordados con la editorial a la estela de un primer libro de exito. Una pena.El libro esta bien, le doy 2 estrellas. Estoy harto de puntuaciones de 5 estrellas para libros mediocres.Mi escala es:1* MALO, a evitar2* NORMAL, no cuenta nada nuevo3* BUENO, sin ser una obra maestra esta bien4* MUY BUENO. Hay que leerlo5* OBRA MAESTRA. Imprescindible
I was less than impressed - after all the hype. I may try this author's earlier work as they are so highly recommended, but I hope they offer plots I can follow - and which may exhibit some cause and effect - rather than this seemingly random grab-bag of half dream half possibly real events... The author seems obsessed with Kafka's sexuality: yet I gained the odd view that the boy Kafka was in fact more mature than his literary creator - and quickly lost interest in the book... It's a book I am most unlikely to finish, and that really annoys me as I hate leaving books half read.
Salingers catcher in the sty was shoved down so many of our throats as an adolescent, like so many others in that genre of so called 'classics' like Kill a Mockingbird and Lord of the Flies, The Great Gatsby, etc. It took me many re-readings of these so called greats after being able to read them on my own free will, and understand them in my own time, in my own environment, when I was motivated to read that particular subject in a situation that needed it in my life. However I will never fully understand or grasp the grand significance of such a work of fiction, used still in many frosh classes even in the most prestigious of schools, where in today's market, Rowling's epic worlds are filled with enough word salad for literature professor's to salivate over. I found the writing trite, unmotivating, and save the lack of a better word, pretty boring. I remember reading the inserts on 'A Separate Peace' and one of the reviewers called the book one of the most disturbing endings in literature. I still laugh today about that, as I thought A Separate Peace was excrement, and compare them both to the overhauling of American so-called classics.Salinger's book is never a recommendation to any youth that crosses my path. I'd much rather place in their grasp 'On the Road,' 'Farewell To Arms' or Henry Miller, or a more modern touch of 'A Perks of Being a Wallflower' or 'Everything is Illuminated', rather than the disgustingly and unnecessarily warranted kudos this book continues to achieve.
This book is about "Star Wars" episode IV. But the book didn't realize that the NSA had planned a sequel, Empire Strikes Back!Currently, our hero Edward Snowden, is right now hiding out in Tatooine(aka Russia). Hopefully there is a trilogy planned called Return of Jedi, Edward Snowden.Good book, but one star because the author didn't foresee that Star Wars is not ONE movie, but an epic series that will be remembered and recreated for the rest of humanity.
I tried to like this book, but i just didn't care for it.  In fact, I forced myself to finish just so I could hurry on to something else.  Way too much side character explanation and not enough of Simon S.  I won't be purchasing anymore of this series.
I was very much looking forward to reading this book.  I know it is supposed to be a similar style as Carol Goodman's books, but it defiantly is not.  The story dragged until the point I finally gave up reading it.  As a person who reads several books a week, this book took me almost 2 months to get through and I never finished.  I would not recommend this book.
I'm usually willing to give Rendell the benefit of the doubt because I've enjoyed nearly all of her books.  This one, however, is a chore to read and there just isn't the payoff at the end work the work of reading it.  It is an interesting concept that fails to take off.
This is very far from Maugham's best (to me, his short stories and novellas).  The character, Strickland, genius painter perhaps based on Gauguin, is just not believable.  Real great artists (such as Gauguin) may be odd in their personal lives, but they do spend time with other artists, they do discuss art; they don't seem to be the ignorant brutes this fellow is.  The book feeds off a popular idea of the artist as outsider, and certainly there have been many who were.  Yet even Van Gogh, exemplary nutter genius, talked to other painters, including Gauguin.  Strickland's art comes out of a personal vacuum, which seems unrealistic.So unlikely is the main character that before the book ended I lost interest and stopped reading.  For a better book by Maugham on the unexpected personal life of great artists, read Cakes and Ale instead.
Information is great - no illustrations - and you have to have a microscope to read this thing. Tiny as a description doesn't say enough.
This book is mostly BS and pushes the authors goals and brokerages. I didn't get any new ideas or use from it. I must say 'avoid'. There are better books about selling real estate and prospecting. It is now sitting in a box in my garage collecting dust.
Sorry, this book reeks to me of late-career "cashing in" on the D&tD; legend. For me, Hoff's original "Danny and the Dinosaur" is a classic work, a brilliantly simple book, with a lovely fantasy story and exquisitely simple, highly memorable illustrations.Unfortunately "Happy Birthday" was drawn by Hoff in his eighties, and the illustrations barely resemble the characters I know and love. Sad to say, it looks like the poor guy can barely control the pen. I can't deny that Hoff (and now, his estate) deserves every penny he could squeeze from his beloved characters, but the characters (and the readers) do deserve better than this weak sequel.
Not a book for everyday RV'ers. You will need a fair amount of knowledge of electricity to understand.
I have read all Jo Nesbo's books, and couldn't wait when I saw that the first Harry Hole "The Bat" was finally translated.  Wow, I think I know why it took so long to be available.  I am only half way through and am really thinking seriously of not finishing it.  It is badly written, filled with really unrelated drivel and reads more like a schoolboy (or girl) writing.  The characters do not ring true and Harry's stupid actions made me cringe.  Being an Aussie the descriptions of places I know were good, but this is a detective novel, so help me, not a travelogue.  I know Jo Nesbo visited Australia and obviously loved it, but this story is a MAJOR disappointment - not sure I will bother to finish it - which really is something for me. Lack of disciplined storytelling and self indulgent drivel - all I can say is I am glad I read the others first otherwise I would never have picked up another Nesbo......guess what, I couldn't finish it - I found myself skipping great lumps just to get to the end but then thought - why bother....Sorry Jo
I just finished reading this title, and must say I am disappointed.  I've read other titles by Spencer Johnson, and always have been impressed.  When I read this book however, I wondered why the sudden change?  Someone has moved MY cheese of the enjoyable writings of this author!There are far better books on adapting to change and taking risks than this title.  Save your money -- look elsewhere.
1 star because I hate it. It didn't help me with my class. Good thing, it provides a review for each chapter but it's pointless because it's hard to understand what each chapters are about in order to do the review. It's a bad book.
By about two-thirds of the way into this book, it fell into the usual medical thriller cliches we've all read a hundred times, not to mention the main character of the book is followed around for most of it being told her worth in her marriage is amount to squeezing out a baby for her spineless husband.This isn't quite as bad as some of Robin Cook's stinkers, but overall it just wasn't very good.
From early on in this book, you know that something terrible is bound to happen.  But  in the beginning you hold out hope that at least one of the main characters will grow on you and show some signs of being something other than a complete self-absorbed and amazingly weak fool.  But no, it is not to be.  By the end, you feel deep sympathy for a couple of innocent bystanders but not the two main protagonists.  How this train wreck in slow motion of a book ever got nominated for a National Book Award is beyond me.  If you want good tragedies, try Tolstoy.  In the hands a master like that , this story could have been a winner because it does have the makings of  good tragedy.  However, in the hands of Dubus, it comes off as more like darkness for the sake of darkness instead of  darkness for what it tells us about the souls of humankind.  Okay, Dubus, you've mastered bleak...now get over it!
This book does not meet the expectations of any of the students in the class.  It is a poor textbook, it is poorly written, doesn't explain or show how problems are worked through, as examples. It seems this book is intended for those with a working knowledge of Discreet Mathematics, rather than an introductory book, so perhaps a poor choice on the teachers part, rather than the book itself.
I have read everything this author has written and this falls way under his normal talent. I guess every author has a book that is not up to his talent this is it for him. The story is a good idea, but it fails without the little touches he has in all his books. The main thing that is different is it doesn't make you think. Where is the real interaction between the characters, They are friends, so what else are they to each other.
I suppose I was quite sad with the end of this book. It didn't really seem to have much purpose other than to end everthing in a most depressing way. I happen to be an atheist, but I don't mind reading literature like this if its done well, but this is not. The book just seemed kind of empty. Really nothing like the Silver Chair, which I thought was a lot of fun to read or even Voyage of the Dawn Treader, which had a very allegorical ending, but I thought it was done quite well.***********************SPOILER*****************************************With this book, there was yet ANOTHER war, and then everything goes away.And why would you kill all but one young girl. What a terrible way to end the story.I'm really offended that there was only 1 darker skinned person who made it to Aslan's kindom. Maybe it was just the Narnia part of Aslan's Kingdom and other people were allowed in the other sections. But even so you could only find one "good muslim" in all of Narnia. I'm going to give Lewis a bit of a pass because of the time this was written, but even so I doubt I would read this to my young children. Its not appropriate for my children, who will be black, or any other race I think.
I understand how this could be a useful book for parents - but reading from the child's perspective was just too painful and not enjoyable.
This is a quick read.  The reason I picked it up was trying to understand why a bully at work had me down.  On pg 224 the matter is addressed, "Frequently there is someone in the workplace who is snappish, constantly angry or agitated, or who has an emotional hair trigger.  The addiction to unhappiness can cause you to take other people's grouchiness personally, when in fact it's not about you but about them.  If these difficult coworkers or managers treat everyone else the same way, there is certainly no reason to feel particularly singled out or attacked.  By taking their behavior personally, you gratify your addiction to unhappiness and ruin an otherwise good day."Okay... I feel like I've been given a pat on the head and told to run along.Every problem outlined is blamed on one's parents and sends you back to their previous book, Smart Love, to understand how the failures of your parents are to blame for everything from eating addictions to my problem with a bully.Having said that, I think they have identified a real issue - it is mysterious but some people do shoot themselves in the foot when life looks good - but this book is a disappointment if you think it will help you overcome this tendency.  The Piepers tout the magic of their therapy sessions which may indeed be true, however this book recycles typical self-help ideas:  make a plan for change and be vigilant that you don't backslide, but mostly they repeat over and over again the idea that you are either preventing yourself from achieving happiness or you are actively choosing to cause your own unhappiness.
The title and byline suggest that you will learn something about the huge "Leverage" (debt) problem, how it will unwind, and how to position yourself for the impending carnage.Sadly, the first 230 pages are just a walk through the decades pointing out all kinds of true stuff that's widely known. Lots of graphs, but very little "ah-hah!". Then comes the book's title chapter, a short medley of platitudes like:"This deleveraging process would be helped greatly by an acceleration of economic growth. History does not provide much hope...""Services are expected to remain a significant part of the economy...""Eventually, policies will need to be put in place to allow the private sector to grow faster than the public sector...""While we cannot know the future, the next two chapters present some tools and rules to help you navigate [the difficult road ahead]."The first 250 pages would be forgivable if it related to some thoughtful "Investing Strategies for the Future."No, the book wraps up with astonishingly elementary and generic advice:1. Know your financial self2. Build a personal balance sheet3. Understand your risk appetite4. Develop a savings discipline5. Preserve principal6. Develop a spending discipline7. Diversify your investments8. Observe some basic investing discipline9. Identify the nature of the market: structural bull or structural bear10. Develop a sell discipline11. Continue your education12. Beat your financial benchmarkOther strangeness:1. Lots of time-series graphs to give you some perspective, but many of them stop at 1990 or 1999 or 2007, for example. Why? Wouldn't be nice to see recent numbers in historical context?2. Many chart data sources are stated, but not specific. For example, Exhibit 1-20 Source: Flow of Funds, authors. ["Because I said so" is a source?]3. Comparative advantage is mis-defined on page 157: "Comparative advantage, a centuries old concept, states that each country has an advantage in something, be it oil, labor, favorable climate, and so forth." [This obscures a central idea of comparative advantage...that even if a country has NO such advantages, it still benefits by specializing in areas where it has the smallest disadvantage.]Summary: The book should be titled: "The Great Deleveraging: It's Going to Be Bad, but We Have No Idea What it Will Look Like, or How to Play It."
I've read 7 other Crichton books and loved them, this misses the mark big time.I've always enjoyed the way Crichton teaches the science behind his chosen topic. He's always been able to write it in as an interesting  part of the story. This time it was so predictable and dry - every time  something technical is explained it's to begrudgingly train the new  guy...boring.
The arch descriptions and similes just don't stop. I don't even want to know how many there are per page. The characters are caricatures, merely cardboard cutouts. And the smattering of geographic and other information on Berlin in the 1930s seems to be added at random. I don't want to give the author only 1 star because I appreicate the amount of work that went into the stories, and I have a friend who loves these and other stories by P Kerr.
I've been waiting to get this book on Kindle for ages, and now that I've finished it, I'm returning it. **SPOILER ALERT** The story starts off well enough , but the main character, Eleanor, is such a head case with her constant annoying babbling and whining , that by the end of the story, I'm rooting for Hill House to do her in! I do, however, strongly recommend the 1962 Robert Wise film of this book, which took a mediocre story and turned it into one of the scariest films ever made!
The CDROM included with this book is worthless.  The chapter &quot;Installing and Starting Websphere&quot; describes installing Version 2.0 of Websphere Application Server, but the CD contains Version 3.  As a  result, not a single paragraph or screen shot is even remotely accurate.  Furthermore, The book says that DB will be installed automatically as part  of the installation.  DB2 is not on the CD at all.  And either DB2 or  Oracle MUST be installed in order for Websphere to even start up.
I have to admit, I'm surprised at all the great reviews of FIRST YOU TRY EVERYTHING. Plain and simple, I did not like it! The plot to the story is fairly unique with a good twist at the end - married young couple drifts apart the separates; he finds someone new; she wants the old relationship back and will do whatever it takes. I'm fine with all that. In fact, the twist at the end was well planned and thought out.But oh my - this author's writing style just left me cold. She jumps from thought to thought, idea to idea, character to character with no smoothness or flow whatsoever. I believe the author might have been trying to impress the craziness of lead character Evvie on the reader, but instead it just leaves the reader wondering why the writing is so jumpy and disjointed. The author's thought process is difficult to follow and detracts from allowing the reader to get to really know the main characters. The story jumps from the past to the present with no purpose, mentions past incidents without further explanation, brings in ideas that just serve no purpose to the story line. It was, for me, a muddled mess.
&quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; is one of the most thrilling thrillers I have ever read. So naturally this made me look forward to the sequel Hannibal. Even though the style of writing is still slick, I found the descriptions of what one can do with human beings (dead or alive) way too explicit. Sometimes it is better to leave a little bit to the imagination of the reader.
These books have been a Java standby for many years, and they have always annoyed me when they try to illuminate concepts by comparing them to C++.As the saying goes you want to proceed from the known to the unknown.  It is just plain dumb to assume (especially these days) that people are comingto Java from a C++ background.  These books need to be rewritten to stand on their own two feet.  The fact that these books are out in a ninth editionover 10 years from their first release without changing this strongly suggests that the authors are lazy, stupid, and/or ignorant.  They are stilluseful though despite this major flaw.
This review is unlikely to make me friends, and likely to generate some negative mail.  Let me start with the conclusion: don't buy the book.  That said, my reasons for stating this are different from those who typically criticize Michael Covel.  I agree with much of what he says; I disagree with much of his rhetoric.  Let me give you my thoughts:1) Momentum is a pervasive factor in the markets.  It works about 80% of the time and produces significant excess returns on average.  Behavioral finance points out that people are slow to adapt to new information, so momentum tends to work because the initial moves on new information aren't sufficient.  That said, when too many are chasing momentum, the market becomes extremely volatile, and the strategy ceases to work, until it shakes out enough momentum-followers.What is hard, is distinguishing trend following from technical analysis from momentum.  Personally, I think momentum explains the other two.  It's a much simpler theory, and much as Covel appeals to Occam's Razor, I apply it back to him here.2) He draws on a series of investors that have done well in the past, and touts them as proof of his theories.  Hindsight is 20/20.  What of those that have tried to apply trend following and failed?  Is it many or few?  Keeping a tight stop loss for some means the death of a thousand cuts.  The studies that I have seen show that frequency of trading tends to decrease returns.  Now, trend following does not necessarily mean a lot of trading, but for many it ends up being that way.It is easy to locate a bunch of trend followers in hindsight, and tout their abilities.  What would be harder would be to find the whole universe of people following trends, and see how they do as a whole.3) Mean reversion is a weaker factor, but still significant in making money.  Value investors typically do well with it, but only reliably when they insist on strong balance sheets.  I've studied mean reversion for years, and it exists in almost all markets as a weak factor.  Over enough time, that weak factor has punch, but in the short run, momentum rules on average.4) Covel spends a lot of time trashing fundamental analysis, without much meat behind it.  Fundamental analysis works well, but doesn't have so much value because so many are applying it.  It's not like the situation Ben Graham found, where few were doing it.Aside from that, technicians implicitly rely on fundamental analysis, because their support and resistance levels stem from the decisions of fundamental investors.  Same for those that follow trends.  The trends exist because fundamental investors react slowly to changes in the fundamentals, and trend followers exploit them.5) There is no mention of the Adaptive Markets Hypothesis, and little discussion of Behavioral Finance.  These are much richer theories that encompass "trend following."6) Covel takes "pot shots" at Buffett over issues that are unrelated to his main point in an effort to discredit him.  Buffett is a bright guy who can criticize derivatives in aggregate, while still using them in specific to his advantage.  (Cough, cough.  Please ignore his put option trades.)7) There was not enough time spent on "how to trend follow."  After reading the book, if I didn't have prior background knowledge, I would be scratching my head to figure out how I could reliably pick investments in a trend following mode in order to make significant excess profits, as well as know where to sell them.I don't recommend it, but you can buy it here: Trend Following (Updated Edition): Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down MarketsFinal note -- Covel needs to grow up and learn that there are other factors in the market aside from momentum.  He has become a fundamentalist about "trend following" and does not seem to have the open mind that he harps about.-=-=-=-==-=--=Note: this book review generated a lot of controversy when it was published, so there are four follow-ups:[...][...][...][...]
Much as I LOVE Maugham, this was a miss - I couldn't get past fifty pages. I just didn't care about any of the characters and didn't see where the story was going. I loved "Theater" and "The Painted Veil" as well as "The Razor's Edge" but this one was a disappointment for me.
If you are a student being forced to read this book for a class about America's Crusade in South East Asia I have a few words of warning for you. 1) Most college Professors who teach these classes especially at the prestigious Universities are closet zealots who lived through this period of history and have yet too and never will grow up. They are trapped in the 60's. 2) One terrible flaw of this book is Herring legitimizes the now debunked "Winter Soldier Trial." Journalist Neil Sheehan who personally covered the war in the 'big muddy,' for years and who broke the Pentagon Papers and who was no fan of our crusade in Southeast Asia, personally debunked the so called trial. Look up the words "winter Soldier Trial," in the index of the book Stolen Valor by Burkett Whitley for the real truth. For Herring a man with a piled higher and deeper degree to include that in his book belies his real motivations.If you want the unadulterated truth; including the good and the bad read a couple of books by Lewis Sorley.
It is a very thick book and covers many indicators, but discussions on each is just about a couple pages long. One can get better info on these from the web. I got it but hardly read it after finding it does not contain useful info.
If you like the ratings of rich spoiled 16 or 17 year olds than this book is for you.  Don't bother getting it.  It was banned when I was  a kid and I was wondering what all of the fuss was about.  Now I know.  Nothing.
There's plenty of entertaining head candy in this Timothy McVeigh meets E.M. Forster picaresque, but be prepared: you will be hurt by its ending.  It's an irritating final volley of chapters that casts doubt on the entire  novel.  Thomas Harris has developed a  seductive group of characters and  packaged them in a lunchbox of condescension and implausibility, neatly  tied off with a silken bow.The author scraped the frontal lobes of Eco,  Kundera, Anne Rice and Tom Clancy and deep-fat fried 'em in a vat.  Enough  nancy-boy high mindedness for budding pseudointellectuals (one review here  speaks glowingly of Harris' &quot;uber-intelligence&quot;) and more than  enough gore for the Jerry Springer literati.  Nutjobs and stock brokers  alike will happily indulge in the repetitive product placement  here--Spyderco and Jaguar, you owe this book big time.Frustrating.  Disappointing.  If nothing else, what is our society saying about itself  when an author feels compelled to grant ideational, enviable status to a  sadistic cannibal? Hannibal's become a lovable scamp, a James Dean serving  up Jimmy Dean headcheese.Thomas Harris has finished his trilogy, and  the third installment is an Ewok-filled letdown.  Sir, please get to work  on Episode I.
Will someone please tell me why Richard Ford's "Independence Day" won the Pulitzer Prize?Ford seems to think his Frank Bascombe is Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom.  Sadly, Ford is no Updike, whose storytelling has, for decades now, contained a gravity that is at the same time breezy, and lacks all authorial self-consciousness.  Updike's prose seems to have fallen onto the page.  Ford's seems forced there."Independence Day," as a work of literature, makes some very important observations about the quotidian.  But a snail's pace and leaden language -- much more of it than necessary -- suck most of the joy from the experience. This reader found himself wishing for some meaningful dialogue, some forward motion, something other than Frank's middle-aged stream-of-consciousness -- the page after page of extended exposition over things like a drive home from the office.This novel should be more interesting.  Bascombe, himself, is a compelling study, and his "Existence Period," as he refers to his current divorced-and-lonely station in life, is worth a close look.  Frank is fully drawn, but only Frank.  Aside from his hapless clients, the Markhams, and the scary tenants at his rental home, the side players in this arduous read seem wooden.  Girlfriend Sally is mysterious and strange, despite Frank's long soliloquies over her -- after the labor of which he still can't decide if he loves her or not. Their too-darn-meaningful conversations go nowhere, adding neither dimension nor humor. A waste of dialogue.Frank's son, Paul, enters halfway through, and adds some vinegar to this strange 4th-of-July brew. Elder Bascombe can't seem to figure out Younger Bascombe (he's 15, tattooed, and regularly barks like a Pomeranian). Readers may share Frank's frustration with Paul; he's a troubled kid with few redeeming qualities (doesn't even bathe). Father and son embark on a holiday road trip to Springfield, Mass., and then Cooperstown, for Halls of Fame therein, and of course, bonding. The results are disappointing -- for Frank, for Paul, and for readers.There are no fireworks in this "Independence Day." It's a sodden, dreary rocket that never gets off the ground.
This is a story about a grouchy ladybug who flies around being grouchy & in the end is just a grouch...what is the lesson here? I just don't get it and I was very disappointed in this book.
I don't often start a book and give up.  If I do, it after giving it a true shot at catching my interest.  This book did not ever inspire even an inkling of interest.  Didn't seem to have a plot, story line, character development.  Just blah.
I listen to many audio books whenever I'm commuting in my car. Many books are so good I actually look forward to going to work just so I can enjoy listening to the book. Well, this wasn't one of them. It was tedious, SLOW, VERY SLOW (like a dripping faucet). It had a nice premise (from reading the back of the audio book package), but it took forever to develop the plot.  It was so bad that I actually made my commuting worse. I never made it to the end of the second disc (out of a total of 13, I believe). Some books need to develop and mature (like wine) but this turned out to be just plain old vinegar. The man from Beijing must have walked to the U.S.
I may have liked this novel better if it hadn't so clearly reminded me of an earlier novel by Sara Bird called &quot;The Boyfriend School.&quot;  That book is now out-of-print but if readers really like this plotline of turning a nice guy into a bad boy so he can score with women, Bird does it better.  The big difference between the two novels is that his romance author sister transforms her brother in &quot;Boyfriend School&quot; whereas in &quot;Bad Boy&quot; it is his best friend, who is a woman hooked up with her own bad boy, who undertakes this transformation.  I wouldn't have even guessed that this was the same author as the one who wrote &quot;Fashionably Late,&quot; &quot;Best Seller,&quot; and &quot;Flavor Of The Month&quot; if her name hadn't been on it.  I hope this is just a misfire and doesn't mean Goldsmith has run out of good ideas.
Another one of my depressive Christmas break reads . . . a monotonous drone:  laziness and narcissism are the root of all the world's ills, laziness and narcissism, laziness and narcissism, laziness and narcissism,  . . . ad nauseum.  (But what exactly are &quot;laziness and  narcissism&quot;?  I suppose to answer that I'd have to break down and buy  his bestseller The Road Less Travelled, but  . . . after reading this  &quot;gem&quot;, gasp . . . I'm not sure I have the stomach for it.)Is  it just me, or are the people he describes in this book not really  &quot;evil&quot; (whatever that word means)?  I mean to me they seem maybe  ignorant, innocent, lackluster, overly whimsical, intolerant, hypomanic,  disturbed, or gasp . . . even mentally ill.  And as far as his diagnostic  criteria for evil go, I mean who doesn't exhibit a &quot;schizophrenic  type&quot; of thinking under extreme stress?  This book reads like a  bad-case of psychological burn-out.  The author seems to be constantly  re-iterating just how &quot;oh-so-very-awful&quot; it all is, but (at least  the way I see it) he fails to deliver the goods.  He's constantly  (bordering on alcoholism) &quot;having a drink&quot; after his  &quot;evil&quot; patients leave his office.  But, he never seems to be  expressing exactly what that elusive evil quality about those patients is  precisely.  (Apparently only his &quot;overly attuned&quot; intuition can  discern the truly evil, from the other mentally ill and disturbed patients  that he has.)  The first half of the book seems to be building up to the  case of that poor girl Charlene (who gets the big EVIL label, with a  capital &quot;E&quot;, but who never causes anyone any real harm, just sort  of annoys the hell out of Peck), and the exorcisms.  These exorcisms are  not really explained, we're just given the impression that they are  &quot;highly personal&quot;, ghastly, horrendous, things we don't want to  talk about . . . but what exactly went on . . . we'll never know because  Peck will not tell (he just wants a drink badly at this point).  (Perhaps  an overzealous psychiatrist was contributing to the delusions of a  schizophrenic patient . . . perish the thought!)  The second half of the  book is his commentary on &quot;group evils&quot;.  Again, the Mylai  massacre - you guessed it, chalk it up to that doubly devilish combo  &quot;laziness and narcissism&quot;.  And, his suggestion that military  service should be mandatory . . . well it just rubs me the wrong  way.But, I'll give this book two stars anyway, because at least he's  trying.  And, besides I only reserve the one star rating for outright smut.
This book is a waste of time and difficult dry reading. The first 5% has the author going on and on about herself and credentials. Nothing written in the first few chapters is any news and probably a book suitable for my recently internet literate Mother. It doesn't tell social media folks anything they don't already know. Found it dry, boring and repetitive with old case studies.
When you or your company begin exploring what your options our for social networking (or want to fine tune your strategy), choosing a book that discusses the tools to do so would usually be a logical step in your plan.  Unfortunately, Social Networking for Business: Choosing the Right Tools and Resources to Fit Your Needs falls flat.  I have to admit, the read was tough to get completely through.  There were some positives and it became clear that Shah had a wealth of knowledge on the subject, but overall the book did not meet my expectations.The book does a good job of outlining important objectives, like strategy, management, building an engaging culture, setting ground rules, etc.  But it failed to deliver an indepth or more outlined approach on accomplishing those objectives.  Theory is great and this book does a decent job of describing the theories.  However, the real world examples it says it will deliver do not fulfill the complete necessity of this book.  Yes, it is technical in nature and slightly academic, but if done correctly that style of reading can lend itself well to the all audiences.Overall, I would say this book needs some more editorial review and some adjustments.  It would be hard to call it a winner in academic or business settings no matter your role.
This book is the reason why half of the incoming premed population at tulane change to business majors. Please avoid at all cost. If you are assigned this book, go and buy it used so that you can just glimpse over it during class. Buy another better chemistry book and study from that.
The premis and stories in this were excellent.  Coming from a Scottish heritage, I thoroughly enjoyed most of it except. . .I absolutely dispised the incessant erotic scenes ad nauseaum!  The book would have been far better if it had been greatly toned down and much left to the readers' imagination. Far more romantic than hard core porn! Way too much graphic detail of sadistic behavior as well.Much as I would like to see what happens in the next book, I'm not going to subject my mind and my heart to this type of smut.What a pity.
Before you even think about opening this book, be sure that you know your Forurier series. The book uses that to solve most of the problems. Also, it is really not for those new to PDE. May be a good text for graduate  students, but will confise the non-specialist. Not a good introductory  text.
Complete and absolute tripe. Don't waste the money. Flighty fiction that doesn't do a job of convicing my of anything except that the author is very humorous. Well written comedy though.
Nothing really too surprising in this formulaic James Patterson novel.  It is basically another in his series of mediocre detective novel.  The political correctness becomes tiresome however.A few years ago, two snipers terrorized Washington DC.  The press continued to speculate that the snipers were right wing wackos with military training.  Then, they were caught, and it was found out that the main sniper was a Black Muslim named Mohammed.  Suddenly, the press lost interest in the story.  Well, Patterson didn't want reality to get in the way of a good story, so he essentially recreated the tale by making the sniper a crazy ex-military guy working for an evil right wing operative.  I guess Patterson, like so many liberals, didn't want the truth to get in the way of a good story.  Regretably, the story is at best mediocre, anyway.
Caveat: I only made it 5 hours into the book before predictability and repetition wore me down.The author's keen observation is blunted by a writing style that leaves every character two-dimensional.Neither plot nor interior life is engaging.The Audible.com narrator is marvelous, making the characters and story as vivid as possible.
While this book would be great for a younger audience, to read it as an adult it wasn't nearly as entertaining.  I do like some young adult/children's literature (such as the Harry Potter books and Phillip Pulman's books) but this one was a disappointment to me.
This book is very well written and probably the best text book to start. The only problem is that the first few chapters are great, but it becomes suddenly hard after a few chapters and it doesn't provide much information and it isn't rigorous, plus there aren't answers to the problems so if you get stuck, you are stuck for good unless you have an instructor. If you have an instructor, however, it would be a great text book and a reference. If you are studying on your own, I think that the book written by Nouredine Zettili is the best.
I Am on chapter 4 of this book and I have read many biology books. I find the authors are very wordy and they tend to use the words like &#34;respectively &#34;and referring to&#34;the latter&#34; quite often which causes you to have to stop reading, back up and realize which item the author said last. The authors also refer to tables in other chapters which is annoying because if I am in an entirely different chapter, I don't want to have to go back 20 pages to see a table that has 2 sentences on it. Also, The images and diagrams are not impressive. Many lack terms and features of what the text is saying. Luckily I have covered most of this information before so I could fill in the blanks myself,  if this was my first Physiology book I can imagine being very confused.
The PG Wodehouse basic bibliography lists 99 books beginning with The Pothunters in 1902 and concluding with the unfinished Sunset at Blandings in 1977.  The Jeeves and Wooster books had a slightly shorter, though still impressive, run from 1915 through Wodehouse's final completed novel -Aunts Aren't Gentlemen - in 1974.  I was introduced, mostly be accident, into the idyllic world of PG Wodehouse in 1980 when I picked up a second hand copy of Code of the Woosters at a pharmacy in Peabody, Massachusetts during a lunch break from work.  Immediately hooked, I have read most of the great humorist's work since that fateful day, including all of the Jeeves and Wooster novels and short stories.Because of this, I was, of course, excited that Mr Faulks had the courage to try to continue the Wodehouse legacy, much as he had previously attempted to extend Ian Fleming's James Bond series.  This more recent homage is, however, far more formidable than Faulk's effort to add to Bond's adventures as Wodehouse has been described by the London Times as "the most consistently funny (writer) the English language has yet produced."Faulks begins the matter gamely enough.  As I read the opening chapters of Jeeves and the Wedding Bells, I was struck by how well the author had seemed to capture the Wodehouse style.  As I read on, however, I found myself smiling less and working more at getting through the book.  Wodehouse possesses a lightness of touch often displayed through the prism of a complex plot that resists emulation.  Faulks tries nobly but fails as the plot of the novel wanders rather than builds and familiar characters disappoint.Faulks' biggest problem is a mishandling of Bertie Wooster and, as a result, of Bertie's interactions with Jeeves.  Faulks' Wooster is both less vague and less interesting than the one we have come to know and love.  Usually, women pursue Wooster because they want to change him into a contributing member of the British upper class.  In this book, however, Georgiana Meadowes seriously tells Bertie, "I always said you were clever."  He later comments on attentions paid to another man's fiancee by stating forcefully, "I mean it's jolly well not on."  Finally, Bertie has begun to catch on to Jeeves more elevated discussions, observing at one point, "I say, Jeeves, do you know I think that's the first time I've ever recognized one of your quotations."By the final chapters, both Jeeves and Bertie Wooster have made decisions and taken actions that make them unrecognizable to regular readers.Fortunately, PG Wodehouse wrote a large number of books, many of them at a high level of accomplishment.  For me it makes far more sense to read the master himself over the course of 30 years or so, and then to reread the best entries rather than taking up the Sebastian Faulks' "homage."  In fact, I would watch the Fry/Laurie video version of Jeeves or the Spall/Saunders Blandings productions before seeking out the Faulks Wodehouse.In this case, more is much less.
Do not buy this. This does not follow isbn 0028179668 or 0553272535.it is a total waste of money if you intend to use this in a classroom setting with the isbn numbers listed above.You will want  ISBN-10: 1883332508. This is the correct translation which corresponds to the above isbn numbers
I'm kind of a connoisseur of management books, and I have to say that this book is one of the first that I've encountered that, while helpful in the same generic aspects that most management books are, contains advice and tactics that, while amusing, can be somewhat career sabotaging if you work in a place that doesn't appreciate or celebrate the buddy-style management approach.  I also think that, even in a place that encourages this lighthearted approach to work, the advice is best followed by those in management as opposed to those who're seeking to break into management.  Somebody who's established their career and leadership abilities is better suited to applying her techniques, whereas I think as an employee who wants to break into management, her techniques would undermine attempts to be taken seriously.For example, during one of the books many, many cutaways to hypothetical stories, she shares the fun little announcements conducted by Southwest airlines...  "We are dimming the cabin lights, pushing the light-bulb button will turn on your reading light, but pushing the flight-attendant button will not turn on your flight attendant."  Again, while it's fun to share stories about Southwest Airlines and their cheeky safety announcements and how it creates a fun place for both employees and customers, that is really a dynamic encouraged at Southwest and, when applied to other airlines, could not only land you in hot water, but will hinder, not help, any advancement opportunities you'd wish to pursue, making the advice offered really great when applied to folks in those kinds of companies, but entirely damaging to those who aren't.I like the tone of the author and I enjoyed her obvious enthusiasm on the subject, which made it a nice and refreshing change from the very dry management coaching books in the market.  That said, her writing style is abysmal, and each chapter feels like it's filled with invented, long, drawn out hypothetical stories about this style of management in action.  These stories are both long-winded and of very little practical use in the book.  To have a management scenario displayed out and recounted is one thing, but to have page after page after page devoted to one fake story with a central character (who's even been given a faked background...  One person she even went so far as to describe as a single mother who's ex was 2 payments behind on child support...  Detailed, but totally unnecessary to the book), I just found it hard to see how what she was sharing applied to anything beyond simple anecdotal evidence of a hypothetically satisfied customer in a story.  These stories share nothing but anecdotes, no practical application or managerial tips whatsoever.  Even in the meat of the text itself, there are these somewhat irritating text boxes that are present, that share a word-for-word quote of an exact sentence from up to 2 previous pages.  I found these deeply annoying.I can appreciate the overall goal, to make a workplace productive and fun, but the techniques she shares are best applied to businesses that have already made that leap.  Otherwise, I think her advice and techniques border on the unprofessional and do far more to hurt then help a professional seeking to become a great manager, or an entry-level or lower level employee trying to get into management.  For the latter, this book may be tantamount to career poison, and they're probably better off seeking another starting point.
To be honest, I wasn't sure what this book was about when I picked it up. It was in the clearance section of my local used book store, and I've heard of it, so I thought I'd give it a try. Well, I didn't dislike it, but I didn't really like it either. When I first started the book, I was pretty interested in it. But as it went on, I found myself getting bored, and I had trouble finishing the last couple pages. It wasn't a bad book by any means; it just wasn't great. I thought Holden seemed like a pretty typical teenager, not really happy with anything, bored with life, sick of school and friends. There wasn't anything special about him to me.This is a pretty short review, but I don't have a lot to say. I didn't love it and found myself getting bored with the story.Pagesofcomfort.blogspot.com
You will learn incorrect drafting techniques (collars and sleeve esp.) and believe me that will take time to unlearn, so you better spent your money and your time to learn how to do things correctly in the first place.Because this book is widely used at college level doesn't mean it is a good or correct choice, Jack Handford, Winnifred Aldrich, Connie Amaden-Crawford have produced books that are far,far superior to this one, and will teach you to produce correct drafts for the apparel industry, and yet most college instructors ignore them.Their books may not be full of pretty pictures, but they do contain solid knowledge.
Not what you might expect and certainly out of date.
Things in life change.  You have to adapt and hold a positive attitude.  Mutate, migrate, or die.If you've just read the first paragraph of this review, you need not buy this book.  If you are thinking about buying this book, I assume you are a manager of some type.  Don't buy this book.  You will be disappointed.  If you do buy this book and make your people read it, you are either a very poor manager or an idiot, or both.This book is so revolting, so poor, so uninspiring in any way possible, that I cannot give you an in-depth review, because even thinking about this book inspires fits of rage as I ponder how bad a leader one would have to be to actually think his or her employees could gain any type of inspiration from this book.The one good thing, if I have to give something, is some of the axioms printed in bold, big type on a few of the pages.-- JJ Timmins
In a society with strict class and career divisions, a poet and a mathematician cross specializations and break laws to fall in love, beginning a strange chain of events. The first line of my review notes reads, "Good my lord, what was that"--and I have no better way to summarize this book. A dystopia-cum-social commentary in line with Fahrenheit 451 or 1984, but plagued with vast inconsistencies of content, worldbuilding, and tone, it's hard to make much of The Last Starship from Earth. It's humorous in a flippant, almost whimsical way that largely serves to undercut its would-be serious content and it offers up a near-adolescent, vaguely problematic preoccupation with sex; its scope is ridiculously broad, leaving contradictions and gaps in its wake. On one hand, the premise aims high and the vast scope creates a constant sense of motion, and so the book is intriguing and quick; on the other, it seems to stumble into itself without forethought or proactivity, more interested in hitting a row of notes than making any sort of melody out of them. It's largely harmless, and has glimpses of potential, but there are better dystopias out there; I don't recommend this one.
My mom came across this book at a used book sale, and I couldn't get rid of it quick enough.  I would never read this to my children.  The story revolves around the tub child who goes down the drain and all the anguish his "tub family" experiences after he disappears.  Eventually he returns, and all is well, but I can't get over the tub mom's horror as she stares down the drain desperately looking for her child.  Other reviewers are worried about tub phobia?  That's the least of my issues.  It's just plain sad.  Okay--a happy ending, but an overall sad story as we see the poor tub child stuck in the pipe bobbing helplessly...The illustrations are appealing so I can see why that might catch a child's eye.  It doesn't change the fact that the story is too distressing.
This is a kids book that really is just for kids.  I know the editors' reviews tell you that it will change your life, change the world, or something else great.  But, trust me, it's just a cute story.Haroun's dad is a story teller.  His life is happy until one day his mom leaves him and his dad and his dad can no longer tell stories.  This puts them at risk of losing everything because that's how they make their money.  They are invited to tell stories on behalf of politicians, and - the night before Haroun's dad must tell the greatest story ever - Haroun and his dad go on a magical journey (is it a dream?) to a magical land, where they save the sea of stories, the source of all the stories of the universe.It's not bad.  It's just that it lacks some level of subtlety and cohesiveness that good books have.  Even good kids' books.  And it also lacks that "page turner" element that makes up for a book not being that great, because it somehow grabs you.This book is easy, and it's very cute.  It reminds me a great deal of  The Phantom Tollbooth.  They both use puns and play on words, they both tell of magical journeys that change a young boy's life.  But the jokes and play on words aren't all that funny (it seems you have to know Hindi to get most of them), and get kind of old.  You can finish it quickly, and you won't regret reading it. Still, you can probably find a book that you enjoy much more.
Please don't buy this. A terrible waste of my time. It rambled on and on and had a horrible ending
As required reading in a Children's Literature course, Weezie Bat proved to be anything but appropriate for children.  Very adult themes taint what might have been an intriguing coming-of-age story.  What you get instead is a schizophrenic carnival ride with loud prose and little substance.The utter rediculousness of several plot and character &quot;developments&quot; only magnify the discombobulated story telling.  The whole account begs for a real and edgy feel but hinges on a genie in a bottle (literally) to keep the preposterous story moving.  The characters are empty-headed students of hippies and Hollywood, owning absolutely no concept of action-vs-consequenses.  (What Weetzie wants, Weetzie gets.  That includes a baby that may have been conceived by any of three men.  And, yes, for some strange reason, they all thought that was a good idea.)  To describe them as &quot;supremely superficial&quot; would actually ascribe to them some depth.If you're attempting to instill any sort of family-values in your kids/teens, avoid this book like the plague.  Or read it, if only out of morbid curiosity, to see how bad &quot;children's&quot; literature can get.
This book was awful. Like many readers, I persevered through the book thinking that there must be a reason for so much critical acclaim and the honor of being on Oprah's Book Club. It was a difficult read to say the least. Each progressive chapter made my skin crawl and made my blood boil. This book was not about love, but the illusion of love. It was a book about lust, rape, unrequited "love", seduction, molestation, depression, delusion, etc. There was no love in this book whatsoever. It seemed like everyone was so self obsessed with their own feelings and desires that they forgot to even love or care about each other. The marriage between Fermina Daza and Dr. Urbino was one out of stability (in her husband's own word), not happiness. Her rejection of Florentino Ariza was something that was simply explained as "not love" and her views about him was that he was nothing more than a shadow that one does not remember. Yet in the end, without rhyme or reason, they end up together. Was she mourning? I don't know. This book seemed like it was written by a man who once had an unrequited love, and he thought this was a worthy tribute to what he imagined would have happened. It was nothing more than a novel about a man with an unrequited love that "made him" into a passionless man with only a naive expectation that the love of his life would realize it one day and return to him. So he became an adulterer and child molester and found sex as his redemption or therapy to soothe his broken heart. This book was not about love, but a story about the mind and life of a determined stalker. I was so excited to finally read this book, but when I finished, I felt so let down.
i have read almost all of Elizabeth Berg's books,and loved every one of them. I picked this book up from a stack of my "security books" I keep around between library check-outs. In spite of being an enthusiastic reader of "women's fiction",I was embarrassed by the "sappy" nature of this book. Nan would have accomplished much more by volunteering and giving back than giving in to her self-absorbed nature. I would like to know her husband's reaction when she returned!
After reading all the jo nesbo previous books was looking forward to the bat!  Sorry but I found it so hard to keep reading.  I cringed at the dreamtime lines.  Got to the stage I  was waiting for crocodile Dundee to pop up in kings cross and give a helping hand with his big knife to&#34;Andrew&#34; and holy..  Holy??  Thank heavens Harry hole returned to his homeland and gave readers some great detective stories.  Hope jussi and co don't feel the need to come to Aussie to solve some crimes!!  Yes I am an Aussie.
I bought this book because I had heard it was a classic, and my children were required to read it in high school.This is a well-written book about a self-centered boy who considered most other people (especially adults) to be idiots.  His sister was the only person he respected.  He was a loser, having been ejected from several private schools.  It could be assumed that he represented the disenchanted generation of the sixties and seventies, but I did not find them this negative.  Perhaps authors are required to exaggerate in order to make their points.
I'm a big Gitomer fan & have all his books but this one SUCKS!  (I tried to think of a nicer way to put that but I simply couldn't!)You've heard of books that you can't put down; well this one you can't pick up.  The information is nothing that one couldn't get from a FAQ or a Google search & it's full of guest contributors that don't really offer anything.  In addition, it's a boring read.It has no real bite or substance.  That said, I'm hoping his upcoming "The Little Book of Leadership" is better!
No matter how I tried, I could not enjoy this book. I love ghost towns, ruins, sequestered villages and have logged many travel miles to visit them. This book should have been right up my cobblestone alley. Unfortunately, it is a very boring read. There isn't much description of the town beyond everything is crumbling and rotting away, there is no glimpse into the village's hey-day so we really have no sense of loss, just a drawn-out, really dull account of the last few years of the town. It's like listening to someone on his deathbed moan and groan for days on end until you know it would be a mercy for him to die. There's just no atmosphere, no nostalgia, no--as I said--genuine sense of loss.To top it all off, the book is full of dumb cliches (some cliches ARE dumber than others), like &quot;I was staring death in the face&quot; or &quot;death was laughing at me&quot;, etc. I really wondered how this thing made it into print. There's no story, not a hint of humor, no characters that come off the pages, really nothing to get attached to. I couldn't even read it all the way through although its not even 150 pages long and the type is BIG. All I can say is if you enjoy forlorn places, as I do, and you enjoy history brought to life--or at least to art--you will be really disappointed with this one.
I was a bit disappointed in this short novel. Too much of a reminder of Flowers in the Attic and not the type of novella I am very interested in
I didn't care for this book much at all.  All the reviews said that it was slow getting into it, but worth it.  Not really.  It is my book for the letter "I" and I am very happy to move on to "J".The basic plot of the book is about a 13 year old girl who has the wrong impression of her sister's relationship with a boy and accuses him of raping her cousin and gets him sent to prison.  Then her growing up and him getting out and the true story and them trying to make amends and what not.Like I mentioned, very slow moving.  The author seemed to go off on tangents that had nothing to do with anything and went on forever!  I found myself jumping paragraphs like crazy because it was all blah blah blah to me.
Characters were so one dimensional. If someone was "good" they were so good they seemed afflicted. The "bad" people were all exactly the same. The only character that I liked was the parrot. Has Ms Glass never heard that we readers hate, hate, hate when a new character is introduced in the last chapter?The lady who picked this for book club ended up quiting, she felt we were narrow minded and homophobic. Out of twelve of us only a couple thought it was okay.If you have trouble sleeping this is the book for you, it will put you right out...like a light.
This book is a lot about boasting oneself.  If you are looking for strategies, this is the wronged book.  Most disgusting about the book is to add his niece photo in it.  I think it can do better without a picture.
So, this rant of run-on sentences that seems to be using some sort of half-bleep, stream-of-consciousness style is considered a harbinger of profound literature?Me thinks these critics of the so-called literary world shoot up way too much Morpheus and blow way too many snowy lines of sugar.Capote, Steinbeck, Hemingway, Twain...et al. Now those were literary greats.
It isn't often I think a book deserves less than one star. The premise is interesting enough, but the Monty Python-esque plot line, identikit character development, and groveling adherence to political correctness make even something like Fyodor Gladkov's &quot;Cement&quot; a delight in comparison. In terms of the quality-to-hype ratio, this is probably the worst crap to hit the shelves in years.
Like another reveiwer, I also was very pleased with the Algebra Demystified book.  As a long-time math disaster, I was able to test out of remedial Math and start College Algebra with a good foundation as a direct result of Albegra Demystified.  After taking College Algebra, I returned to the Demystified Series to ramp me up on Trigonometry.  I found that the author simply fails to explain his steps adequately.  He makes too many assumptions about knowledge the student will possess.  In fact, fresh out of College Algebra with a respectable high B, I was non-plussed after the earliest pages of Trigonometry Demystified, and actually found myself referring to my Algebra/Trigonometry textbook from college to clarify topics.
When I buy a "fact" book, I usually establish a couple of minimum objectives I'd like to have satisfied by reading the book.  This one missed my major objective.  I wanted to know whether it is generally safe to eat imported shrimp.  The book did not take a direct stand on this but did allude to the notion that some countries have added toxic substances and antibiotics to shrimp feed in the past.I did learn that American shrimping of all types is very damaging to the environment but getting better, that shrimp eat mainly worms and other facts.  The main problem with the book other than the above is that is a mishmash of unorganized reimagined stories about shrimping and just stuff.  It doesn't even lt you in on where you can get the best tasting shrimp now.  It's as if the writers first decided to write a book about shrimp and then mutually agreed to add some of this and then some of that until they had enough pages for a short book.  good editing would have reduced it to a pamphlet.
I've read this all before. It's just not new or different. For those of us who live our lives affecting positive change in our worlds, The Influencer is downright disappointing. I mean, this book assumes one hasn't been affecting positive change and that the idea is New. (It's not.)The Influencer seems to have been for folks in the business world who are trying to do the right thing and want back-up to which they can point. If indeed this is what you are trying to do in a very simple way from within a small business, perhaps this book is for you...
I bought this book hoping to learn about the mechanics of trading, not to start trading stocks, but to better understand how the country got into the mess it is in. This is vanity book that is poorly written. He repeats  many points over and over  placing them in large print in the middle of the page. I am supposed to believe he made the money he made by never breaking his grandfather's rule "....your word, and that honesty, trust, and respect....".  Is honesty consistent with accepting expensive dinners, lavish trips, late night strip clubs before deciding on whether you are going to give someone business.  Where I worked before I retired, not on Wall Street, we were not allowed to even accept a ball point pen from a potential customer.  Look at the book's title ".....It pays to be an animal in business...." Is that what granddad taught him?These guys made money that did not come from  heaven, it came from somebody's else's loss, like many of the middle class people I worked with who saw their 401k lose 40 to 90 percent of its value. Most of these books and I have read quite a few never mention who the real losers were.  I am happy for him that he had such a great career and made so much money, I just wish he had some idea where that money came from.  The government didn't step in and make my friend's losses good.
I read quite a few excerpts from this book out of a sense of duty, because I had majored in philosophy in college, but could not finish it: it is simply not my cup of tea
I was disappointed- I know this author's other work and I know he has won some accolades.  We were given this book as a gift and settled in to read it (my daughter is 3.5).  Wow, I found the sub-stories incredibly boring!  Not just boring but also without much objective.  I liked the overarching premise/storyline but even that part had no finesse in terms of building up excitement or humor, etc.  The weasel and mouse have no personality whatsoever.  I struggled to try to keep reading it because I found it such a chore.  My daughter seemed okay with it but the second is was done, she moved on. I don't think it left any impression with her.
I started this book and just couldnt get into it. Maybe I will pick it up again at a later date when im in a mood for it, I just love thrillers and this book was very slow
The very first thing you read in this book is a mistake.  The Prologue begins with a photo of German POWs at the end of WWI.  The photo caption states that the German Army at the end of WWI was "unbroken" and implies that Germany capitulated because of a loss of will on the part of its political leadership.  This is doubly misleading.  The German Army was soundly defeated on Western Front in 1918 and then began to disintegrate.  In 1918, Germany was essentially a military dictatorship run by Ludendorff and Hindenberg.  The political leaders who lost will were the German High Command.  Defeat on the battlefield and despair on the part of senior commanders hardly meets the description of an unbroken army.  Keegan is essentially repeating the pernicious "stab in the back" myth used by the German military and right wing propagandists to undermine the Weimar republic.  Its astonishing to see this published decades later by someone who is supposed to be an expert on such matters.This type of error recurs throughout this book.  My favorite relatively minor error is Keegan moving the Ploesti oilfields, a major strategic resource, from Romania to Hungary.  See prior reader reviews for documentation of a number of factual errors of varying magnitude.  Just as important and in some cases even more important are Keegan's failures to discuss crucial aspects of WWII.  He makes little effort, for example, to discuss the origins of the war.  Indeed, his paragraphs on this topic suggest that he finds it too confusing to discuss.  Leaving aside his shirking of his obligation to discuss this crucial topic, there are excellent overviews of 20s and 30s that are good guides to this admittedly formidable topic.  Instead of an effort to discuss the origins of the war, we get a superficial and somewhat misleading discussion of how industrialization transformed military technology and organization.  Instead of a discussion of the sad history of the Weimar Republic, crucial for understanding the ascent of the Nazis, we get another misleading discussion of the Freikorps phenomenon.  Among other significant omissions are his failure to grapple with the possible strategic significance of the Allied bombing campaign against Germany, a issue analyzed insightfully by Richard Overy in 2 of his excellent books.  Keegan's discussion of the Holocaust in both inadequate and implicitly misleading.  Partly because he doesn't discuss the origins of the war and the role played by Nazi ideology in starting the war he fails to show that in crucial respects the Holocaust was the point of German aggression.  The Nazis went to war not just to overturn the Versailles settlement or even to conquer Eastern Europe, but to impose their bizarre notions of racial conflict on the rest of Europe.  Without this background, its impossible to understand the outbreak and the specific nature of WWII.  Among other things, Nazi racism prevented them from rationally exploiting the resources of the western Soviet Union, a factor in their eventual defeat.  As pointed out by other reviewers, Keegan devotes a disproportionate amount of the book to activities of the Western allies when the Eastern front was really the crucial theatre.To be fair to Keegan, writing a concise 1 volume book like this is very difficult.  The best 1 volume work on WWII is Gerhard Weinberg's book, which is about 1000 pages of text in a fairly small font.  Some of the individual sections of this book are quite good and Keegan has a nice, sometimes actually elegant, writing style.  None of these positive features, however, can overcome his neglect of basic features of WWII and the lack of attention to basic facts.  This is not just error, this is actual negligence.
Very good book - 4 stars - but I'm reviewing the Kindle edition, which is $3 more expensive than the paperback. Ridiculous.
The brainless, dull-eyed slug wrote this himself huh? Hah! I suppose he approved the cover photo...Truly, this ghost-written tome is the most absurd fiction imaginable. Only the typical crack-smoking communist...er, &#34;progressive&#34; would read this unless they had a gun to their head. Badly written, boring, consisting of the most ridiculous lies. The unconvicted sexual harasser and unindicted rapist has every right to smile. After all, he's been able to rape dozens of women and still the brainless, Marxist &#34;feminists&#34; voted for him. Got away with it! Woo-hoo!
John Grisham may well be the very best author working in the U.S. today.  Let's just get that out of the way up front, since everyone seems to repeat it ad nasuem.  He's one of the greats- and, unlike many lesser authors, his creativity has not dried up over all these years.But having dabbled in fictional writing myself, I came up with roughly the same storyline as this book.  While I didn't complete a manuscript, I did manage to get a few chapters (as well as a complete outline... hmmmmm...) to several publishers.  Oh, and before I forget to specify, this was all more than 3 years ago.So it goes without saying that I was loathe to finish reading this book, and my opinion remains somewhat biased.  Of course I love the story- but I loved it more when I was telling it!  Please keep in mind, I'm not making any accusations.
I was actually looking for the print version of this and was surprised to see it was only available for the kindle. Since I happen to have one, I downloaded a sample to check it out. The previous reviewer was dead on in his remarks. This is 100% not compatible with the kindle (or any other similar device, I suspect.)The IMAGES are minute and completely unreadable. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Thank god for the ability to sample before buying. I will continue in my search for the original version.
This book is definitely intriguing, so if that is your goal when buying a new book, then you'll love this book. Its completely unique and original in plot and in character. I love the way that it gets into the minds of the main characters.I, personally, had a really hard time reading/liking this book. Miranda reminded me too much of myself, and my frustration about being &quot;trapped&quot; in this book only grew as I read it. I became so utterly frustrated that it was difficult to read this book at all for me. I suppose in that sense, the writer, Fowles, is ingenious in that I experienced his written emotion so palpably.And for any plot readers, this is not a book for you. While the beginning offers promise in the plot department, you will be disappointed with the end.
I think I may be the only person who did not like this book. I read it because I had read so many great reviews and been told by a lot of people that it was hilarious. The synopsis painted a picture of a well-written story that sounded like just the thing for a reader with a sense of humor as quirky as mine. I was completely disappointed. I will say that it was well-written; that is undeniable. However, it was NOT funny at all. The characters were absolutely unlikable. Most reviews will tell you outright that the main character, Ignatius J. Reilly, is certainly no hero. He is a pompous, lazy, selfish, and self-righteous bore. I even disliked the secondary characters though. Ignatius mother, who should have been likable, grated on my nerves until any pity I should have felt for her just disappeared. I kept reading because I expected the story to pick up and hoping that a likeable character would appear. I just knew that all those good things I'd heard couldn't have been wrong but the story just never picked up. It is not very often that I start a book and don't finish it...but I just couldn't take anymore of this one. I'm sure that some of you will like it. After all, I never read a negative review before this. I just don't know who to recommend "A Confederacy of Dunces" to because I, personally, felt that it lacked any redeeming qualities aside from being well written...and sometimes that just isn't enough.
The problem with this book is that J.D. Salinger gets really repetitious about his character 'Holden'.  Look, I don't care if Holden is selfish and opinionated and thinks like an immature brat.  It actually made him a compelling character to read and is artfully done sometimes.  What I do care about is how his thoughts are reflected by the author.  He utilizes Holden's thoughts in the same variation or thought process on EVERY PAGE.  Perhaps I need to be more detailed in my description about this.Seems like every other paragraph Salinger runs through this same process:1)  An event happens, and is described by Holden/Salinger2)  Holden talks about the event particularly3)  Holden generalizes this event to include most of the worldOR:6)  First person's viewpoint7)  Second person's viewpoint (the same as the first)8)  Holden/Salinger's viewpoint (often the same as both)The problem is, there's nothing brilliant about this.  Whether Salinger is thought brilliant by expressing  a cynical view of the world in 1950s through the eyes of a 16-year old boy, he gets to be repetitious.  Within nearly every page you will find this guideline to his literary writing once, if not twice per page. Example:Page 85:1)  "I was surrounded by jerks"2)  "On my right there was this very Joe Yale looking guy, in a gray flannel suit and one of those flitty-looking Tattersall vests"3)  "All those Ivy League bastards look alike"Page 87:6)  "You could tell the waiter didn't like her much"7)  "You could tell the Navy guy didn't like her much"8)  "I didn't like her very much"The brilliance dissipates, leaving you with a character going about, commenting about his experiences utilizing the same handful of explicits.  You know what "kills me" all the time Holden/Salinger?  The way every page is also riddled with these EXACT words, along with: "I hate that stuff", "He was one of those guys", "She was one of those types" or some equally clich&eacute; pronouncement.Pronouncements.  That's all this book seems to be.  A collection of complaints about the world, seemingly through the eyes of a 16-year old boy, when in actuality it's the complaints of the world from an author that's as mentally mature as a 16-year old boy.  This hardly qualifies as prose.  It's such a shallow storyline, devoid of any distinguishable hooks or climaxes.  The character goes from one location to the next, complaining every step of the way.Had Holden been a better constructed character, who wasn't spotting out the same smug lines, I'd be alright with him being THE ONLY protagonist in this book.  However, he's fails to do so.  His character cannot withstand the burden of holding up this entire book.I will give you this.  There is wit.  Some things Holden says is so incredibly witty, and the amazing part is how well it still translates even after fifty years.But that's its only strongest point. And it doesn't offset the amount of failures of design in nearly any other area.  This is not literature.  It's teenage smut from the 40s.
Robert Harris' novel, POMPEII, is an instructive book. The reader learns about the Roman aqueduct system and about erupting volcanos. She also learns about the effects of the exploding volcano on the town of Pompeii and the people in it. The reader is also learns how people lived in 79 AD, what they wore, what they ate, their customs and religious observations. It's all very instructive and....(yawn)....very boring.Unfortunately, the novel framework around all this research is weak and falls apart long before Vesuvious blows its top.Perhaps the worst transgressions in POMPEII are the cartoonish characters, cardboard thin and sterotypical. Hate that, don't you?There is the evil contractor, the learned philospoher, the upright, honest hero, the innocent maiden in distress.Give me a break!There is very little action in the book except running around trying to find the leak in the aqueduct or dodging falling rock fropm the eruption. The best action takes place when a hapless slave was fed to a nasty eel as punishment for killing some fish.There aren't even any (...) scenes in libidinous ancient Rome!I think this was a good idea and there is a good novel in in all this somewhere. Robert Harris just didn't manage to find it this time.But I learned a lot and there is something to be said for that: two volcanos out of five.
I never thought it would come the time in which I'd give an installment of the Outlander series two stars.  I have no choice but to give it such a low star rating because, to be frank, I found myself wanting to do other things as I read this book.  The Fiery Cross is the fifth Outlander offering, and while it is as historically rich and insightful as the previous four, this one had an almost non-existent plot.  Drums of Autumn wasn't as riveting to me as the first three had been, but this one takes several steps down the aforementioned fourth book.  So what is The Fiery Cross about?  Let's see, there is the gathering of the clans thing (where Drums of Autumn left off).  There are storylines centered on the time frame, the Scottish war, pre-Revolutionary America, and the reappearance of certain characters, but nothing that holds much water.  For the most part, this novel centers on the inner musings, conflicts and internal monologues of the characters as they try to adjust to life in 18th Century America.I have always appreciated Gabaldon's insightful historical references and how well-researched her books have been, but I'd like to have those things mingled with a compelling story.  The Outlander books of old were full of adventure, witchcraft, romance and struggles as Jamie and Claire's love conquered all.  We get some insightful chapters centered on Brianna's motherhood and having to adjust to a time frame in which diapers, toilet paper, feminine products and other modern conveniences don't exist. Then there are the respective internal monologues of Claire and Jamie's perspectives centered on middle-aged angst such as menopause and mid-life crisis.  There is also Claire's conscience regarding her first husband Frank.  I was appalled with these turns of events.  I mean, I more or less have an idea of what this novel represents.  It represents character growth and dealing with things that hadn't been dealt with so much in the earlier novels.  I know we needed an offering in which the aforementioned issues would be developed further and be somewhat in the center, but I'd nevertheless have appreciated a stronger plot to go with them.  Alas, I still love Jamie and Claire.  The aforementioned characters have given me hours of enjoyment so great I was glad the books were long.  But Brianna is still not my favorite character and Roger is just all right.  The novel is beautifully written and thoroughly researched as usual, and that is why I give it two stars instead of one star, which is what I felt compelled to give it at first.  For the first time with an Outlander novel, I was happy to see this 992-page trade paperback book come to an end.  I doubt I will reread this in the future.  I look forward to reading A Breath of Snow and Ashes and will keep my fingers crossed, hoping A Breath of Snow and Ashes will be a breath of fresh air.
ye make a book, alas, how is life? Green Bay Packers.  Sandwich? Baby.  Eat the, President, lake.Like that prose?  That is James Joyce.  The king of gibberish.  I made it up.  But when he does it, it is a classic.  When I do gibberish, it is not.  Why?What the hell is going on with Finnegans Wake??? I don't know.Joyce must be the genious of gibberish.I don't get it.
After two books(which I did not read) where he apparently ventured into different genres, Grisham returns to familiar territory of the legal thriller with 'The Summons'. The summons are received by Ray, a law professor, from his father, an ex small-town judge. Going home, Ray finds his dad dead but also finds a huge amount of cash and tries to determine the source.While the idea in 'The Summons' might have made an interesting short story, it is too flimsy for a full-length novel and so is stretched too thin. The red herrings are painfully obvious as just that as Ray eliminates suspects who may know about the money and way too much time is spent on this process. Worse, the revelation of the source is anticlimactic and doesn't match the build up. And after taking a leisurely route for most of the novel, the final portions seem rushed with the twist at the end being expected.
This book is written from the perspective of a woman. Why is it that everyone things the woman always gets screwed? When I was told , "I don't want to live with you anymore" and "I want everything you have and will have" I was looking at the end, 29 years of marriage, 9 months from retirement. Well let me tell you, I have been told the game is to squeeze the guy hard to get everything but not hard enough to make him quite. I am looking at all the debt, she is looking for all the assests and I will be paying her $40k/year maintenace until I am 76. Where is a book for a guy to screw his exwife?
If you're in the market for a slow-moving, wordy, silly treatment of a murder story, this is for you! (Yes but it's ever so English...) In my opinion it's offensive to address the topic of violent murder as if it was just hysterically funny - but that's just one reader's take on literature. Personally I'd rather read Stephen King and deal with violence from his consistent perspective of good versus evil, which takes seriously the troubled world in which we live.
Let me say that again: ughh.A good book, all told, but exceedingly dull and almost impossible to get through. Apparently, Jack London's writing style does not suit me.
I selected this novel for reading because of the superlative comments about it made by authors for whom I have great admiration and also because of the Nobel Prize in literature awarded to the author.  I have now read about one third of the novel and am abandoning the remainder as the bleakness and tedium of the narrative is casting a dreary spell for me.  The characters are drawn very well but over and over the same traits of character are reiterated.  The mis-en-scene is wonderfully executed:  bleak and unforgiving again and again, filled with unpleasant and stale odors, truly a place where life can be lived only on its barest edge.  The point seems to be that the central character's wish to be free and independent of the need of other people is exactly what undermines his finding anything resembling contentment, the only morsel of contentment is in seeing himself as independent.I will not say that that the novel is not well-written and that there are not some passages which are so full of irony as to bring an occasional chuckle.  But tedius and repetitive it is, just like the character's life.  Overall there is too much drear here for me to spend any more time.  I have felt as if drowned in drear.
I read this to my girls ages 9, 6, and 5. They are interested in the local election because a relative is running for office. So, I checked out books from the library related to elections and this was one of them. We are not very familiar with the Amelia Bedelia series. I knew it was popular, so I read it aloud, lively, expecting my kids would love it. But, they didn't. Not one laugh, snicker, or even a single sign that they realized these were puns. Nothing. I almost didn't finish it. As one reviewer said, Amelia almost seems stupid. If I had not read the other reviews here which state this Amelia is not like the original Amelia, I would never bother to read another in this series.
I don't know what to say but its style and presentation is bad. It doesn't look like a reference nor a text book. I think manual comes with php from [...] is better than the book. But don't take my words for it, check  out book at bookstore or library and you'll see.
I was really disappointed with this book.  I could hardly get through it.  The first 25-30 pages have little (if anything) to do with the rest of the book.  I have to question what the point was of the first 10 or so pages.  Also, I don't "buy" the kind of love that this book is about - that someone would wile away the greater part of his life waiting for and being in love with the same woman.  Hey, there are "other fish in the sea" - most people eventually move on.  And the bit about a man in his 60's having and affair with the 14-year-old girl that he was supposed to protect and be responsible for.  And then dropping her when the 70-year-old he's loved for 50+ years becomes available.  Yeah, right!  Some of the description was beautiful but the entire plot doesn't represent "real life" at all.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone!
In a marathon-reading session yesterday (I got the book, newly- cataloged, at noon from the library and read until I was done), I completed _Hannibal_, the latest thriller by  Thomas Harris, chronicling the continuing adventures of Hannibal Lecter.I'm not sure just what to say.  I wanted very much to like this book and much of it was very good.  But  there is also much to despair about in the book, including the entire final  portion of the book, which is so ludicrous, so ridiculously over the top,  that it is hard to imagine what Harris was thinking as he wrote it.  I've  read reviews that call it &quot;black comedy,&quot; but if it is, I don't  see it.This took eleven years?!  I'd be embarrassed to have this work  go out with my name on it. I'd be embarrassed to be the publisher connected  with it.  This is a case where raw greed got in the way of such simple  things as basic proofreading and editing and should provide some proof that  there is no one who is such a great writer that his/her work could not use  some editing.How this could possibly be adapted into a film is beyond  me.
Have to agree with another writer- unneccessary use of crude language and gratuitous sexually explicit scenes that did not add to the  story and were offensive to me.Couldn't get past that from the start.
I mean, it's cool speculation, but it's really depressing. I guess I shouldn't knock a book just cause it made me angry/sad, like, that's it's *job*, but this book can just really drag you to the ground with getting frustrated with the main character. Anyway, interesting speculation on a possible future.
This book is set in an elderly lady's bedroom. I kept waiting for it to be taken elsewhere but by 20% of the way through it was still in the same location. There wasn't anything wrong with the writing but I just found the book far too boring. I was unable to finish it.
I read his book "After 50,000 Miles" and liked it.  I have some years of additional experience sailing since then.  I didn't think this new book added much, even though the format was a bit different.  As he often mentions, opinions vary.  I don't agree with everything he says, but I do agree that experience, rather than reading about it, is the only way to find out what the realities of sailing are.  Perhaps it is because I am experienced, but much of the book is what is obvious, or what is available in 100 other books on blue water sailing.  I was excited when I got this book, but less excited with each page I turned.  Good pictures and illustrations though.
The murders are a bore and don't really get underway until the end of the book. No real narrative tension in this book. Grisham can't create original characters--they are mostly steriotypes.  The setting is also one that has been done often and better--by Grisham himself, for example
I purchased this book with the expectation of learning more about electronics, and thought this would be a good one since it has reached a 3rd edition.The book attempts to survey "basic" concepts in electronics from simple circuits to most recent technology (which, according to this "revised" edition, leads us to the "Apple Mac" [Chapter 15]). Because it tries to do too much, it ends up doing very little.For readers who do not know much about electronics, this book will likely prove more complicated and confusing than helpful. While Sinclair works to define major concepts, his prose is not very illustrative. The effect is to overwhelm the reader with little idea why these concepts are important or what difference they make in how electronics work. All of this is to say that a person is not likely to be in a better place to understand how the concepts work in practice. In other words, if you want a book that contains projects, this is definitely not the book you want.We live in a world filled with electronics and understanding how they work would be great. Unfortunately, Electronics Simplified -- due to its breadth and lack of detail -- does not lend to a better understanding. It would be better accompanied by an electronics course and lecture, and is not suitable for those with "no previous knowledge of electronics," as far as I am concerned.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. It's not that I disliked it, it's more that I couldn't understand why everyone else loves it so much.  I did, however, love Block's portrait of Hollywood/Los Angeles (as I have loved it in her other books) and for that I think I find it the one character in the novel for whom I have any fondness whatsoever. Aside from the setting, I didn't think much of the characters or the whole fantasy/fairy tale angle.  It came off more pretentious than whimsical and more forced than honestly weird or controversial.  But, again, I didn't hate it.  I just keep thinking of Joi Brozek's Sleeveless and how much more honest and compelling a hip young adult work of alternative reality than this could ever be.  It's probably a bad sign when the reader has to remind herself that the author is trying her hand at quirky.
I expected much more from this book.  Did not seem to go into much detail or depth.  I found it to be a little like someone's &#34;adequately done&#34; graduate thesis.  There were a couple of interesting points, but mostly not much beyond psych 101.
I am currently teaching statistics (using a different textbook) and have been using the 6th edition of Hogg/Tanis as a reference.  In my opinion, this is a pretty good text for someone who A) already has some idea of what statistics is all about and B) has a thorough understanding of calculus, which Hogg/Tanis make liberal use of. For someone who likes and understands calculus,this is a much better introductory text than those that studiously avoid any mention of higher level mathematics.  I give the 6th edition a 5-star rating based on the sections I've looked at so far.With that said, I'm sorry to report that the 7th edition is not as good as the 6th.  The authors have re-organized the material "for better logical organization", but in the process have lost some pedagogical clarity.  For example, the relatively important student's t distribution has been relegated to an obscure example buried in a new chapter on the normal distribution, and the formerly excellent explanation of how this is derived is gone.And speaking of "The Normal Distribution" chapter, do I really want all things normal relegated to a separate chapter?  The pervasive use and importance of this distribution in statistics makes me think that it might be better to let the normal distribution pop up whenever it needs to be invoked, as was the case in the 6th edition.  Including a "Sampling Distribution Theory" chapter (as was done in the 6th edition) makes a lot more sense than what they've done now.  The new chapter on Bayesian Methods is short, and not terribly useful.  Relegating this material to section 9.5 in a chapter on "Theory of Statistical Inference", as was done in the 6th edition was a much better decision.The section on "Exploratory Data Analysis" (histograms and stemplots) has been moved from an introductory chapter (which no longer exists) to the chapter on "Continuous-Type Data".  How does this make any sense?  And yes, it is most definately a good idea to have an introductory chapter which talks about basic concepts and data visualizations.  In the 7th edition, the mean, median, and standard deviation are first mentioned in chapter 2.Finally, why on earth do authors think that randomly adding color to a textbook and widening the pages to allow for giant margins on every page makes a text more readable/useful when in fact just the opposite is the case?  The wide margins add nothing and make the book both heavier and more unwieldy, and the blue section headings and graphs give it the feel of a junior high school algebra text.  The compact elegance of the 6th edition stands in stark contrast to the large and comparatively garish 7th edition.This revision has all the feel of something that was driven strictly by textbook marketing concerns and has nothing to do with either pedagogy or an interest in producing a excellent statistics book.My advice?  If you're looking for something for self-study or reference, get the 6th edition instead.  It's better, and you can get a used copy on Amazon for next to nothing, since the lemmings have all switched to using the 7th edition and there are a lot of unwanted copies of the 6th floating around.The nonsense of constantly producing new (and often inferior) editions of textbooks just so that publishers can make more money needs to be nipped in the bud.
I hardly every write reviews, but felt I had to weigh in on this very strange book. Ostensibly the book purports to be a hard boiled police procedural, but it is so filled with logical errors and oddities that I couldn't help but wonder if the writer weren't being satiric. A few examples. No spoilers.There is a break in at a flower shop. Nothing is stolen, but there is a pool of blood on the floor. The shop's owner is missing, believed to be on safari in Africa. Do the police confirm that he joined the tour as planned? No. Do the police take a sample of the blood on the floor? No. When the second serial killer's victim is discovered, the detective declares that it is obviously the work of the same killer, although the manner, location, and style of the murder are completely different. Similarly, the detective "knows" when people are lying. Instead of a procedural, the technique of the detective seems to rely on wild speculation. There are also a number of conversations like this: First detective, "This is critical. We must learn this as soon as possible." Second Detective, "I agree. Let's have a meeting to discuss it on Monday after the weekend." The detective often calls policemen on their cell phones and demands that they come to the office immediately because he has something important to tell them. Why can't he tell them the essential information using the cell phone that he is holding in his hand? The main detective is always telling others to get him train tickets or make hotel reservations for him even though he is standing right next to his office phone. Swedish culture?In the end of I was half convinced that it was send up, a satire of police procedurals. If so, it was too subtle for me. The sentence level writing and descriptions of place are well done. But all in all a very strange book and logical flaws ruined the enjoyment of it as a mystery.
For a book that takes its own design fromaustere Swiss modernism, where absolute attention to detail is critical, it's amazing how sloppy "Do You Matter" turns out to be. Repetitive, shallow, and poorly organized, this book feels like little more than the direct transcription of a consulting pitch, cribbed liberally fromLovemarksand a few Bruce Nussbaum articles from the last several years ofBusinessWeek. It all boils down to literally nothing more than: "good design is good, but requires a tough effort by the whole organization. And it starts with knowing your customer." Gosh, ya think?And the constant references to Apple and Apple's products just start to get annoying. I say this as a true believer in the gospel of good design and of the quality of Apple products. But the authors seem to have no new insights into Apple's processes, nor any particularly new information. Most of this stuff is just straight out of theSteve Jobs hagiographies. Again and again, the authors of "Do You Matter" just fall back on the easy crutch of pointing to Apple products as well-designed, desirable, and the result of a design-driven corporate culture. Apple's own press releases tell me as much.But worst is the quality of writing. Again, authors who have their books laid out beautifully in the manner of Joseph Mueller-Brockmann cannot be excused for not bothering with a copy editor. Switching from the third-person  ("companies should...") to the second person ("you have to...") in mid-sentence, repeating sentences almost verbatim within a few pages, and an overall too-casual tone make the text feel like something a student would write. When they referred to something has having a "more seamless sexier" quality than something else, I threw up a little in my mouth. (Something is either seamless, or it is not seamless; it can't be "more seamless". And "sexier" is already a comparative word, you don't need to modify it with 'more'.)
The best thing about the book is the cover.  The title and winning photo really make it seem like it's going to have some seriously good information and insights.  But it just doesn't deliver.This book feels more like it should have been a free ebook (or one for a couple bucks maybe) on the company website of the social networking exec who wrote it.  While it does have some interesting tidbits on the campaign here and there, the analysis and relating to business is amateur and somewhat stream of consciousness.  There appears to be little rhyme or reason to examples given other than the author happens to know of them.I gave it two stars simply because if you are an Obama fan, there's a few tidbits of interest on the campaign you might find fascinating if you haven't already read them in other campaign post-mortems.  But any resemblance to a business book is purely the cover art.Too bad -- the concept had some real promise.
IN CUSTODY was the December selection of my book club, and when we met none of us knew why we had spent the time on this novel.  The novel tells the pointless story of Deven, an Indian college instructor, who has the opportunity to interview the great Urdu poet Nur.  His efforts to interview Nur are ultimately -- after many misadventures that may be supposed to be funny --fruitless.  Nur himself turns out to be a broken, querulous old man, and Deven is the same whining weakling at the end of the book that he was in the beginning.  The characters are completely unsympathetic; the prose is dry and occasionally deliberately obscure.  All our book club could find to discuss was how in the world this book got shortlisted for the Booker Prize, and how in the world anyone could make a movie of it.
I couldn't wait to start reading this book after a sensational reading of Murakami's `Norwegian Wood'. Half way through, I couldn't help but asking both myself and around, why write and why read. Certainly, Murakami knows how to write targeting a certain group of audience, which might be a clear goal for most of the writers, which his clear presence, would be contrived story revolving sex, myth, and a bit of history presented in a way of no obvious trace of the real impact. The common characteristic of all these elements, however, is nonetheless confusion. Though quite compelling, the reading wasn't as meaningful and satisfactory as I had expected. One chapter after another, the only motive for my turning the page, was often the last few sentences, promising to reveal some excitement, which was never profoundly presented before coming to another turning point for the next chapter. For something profound and intriguing as to search for meaningful life with a realistic culture background, I am a big fan of the work of Almodovar of Spain; for something with twisted and complicated story line without regard to any realistic meanings, I would recommend the books of Harry Potter. This `wind-up bird chronicle', simply wasn't developed either way, as far as my taste concerns.
this book teaches the material but a lot of the exercises are worded in a confusing way.  I had to have a tutor look over the questions and they still did not know what the question was asking for without looking at the answer page and reverse engineering the questions
It was time to broaden the mind and read an American Classic. So, I borrowed a copy from a friend. If they&#8217;re all like this, I&#8217;ve missed nothing!In today&#8217;s world of Indie&#8217;s, e-readers and critiques, I don&#8217;t think it would have caused a mild ripple in any circles. It&#8217;s that poorly writtenThe best I can tell why this is such a controversial book, isn&#8217;t the story line as much as the use of G$#D$#n. It must have been as controversial as Clark Gable saying da#n in &#8220;Gone with the Wind.&#8221;The paragraph structure is absolutely horrendous. Missing words and misspelled words were all too frequent. Send the word Good-by to an editor today and see what they say. They&#8217;ll rip you a new one.The book is written in first person but for the life of me I could care less for this sniveling, whiny rich kid, Holden Caulfield. Everything he wants is giving to him on a silver platter and by choice, he continually self-destructs the options. How are we to feel empathy for a person who continually sabotages his own life?  I can&#8217;t think of one.Now, if Mr. Caulfield was the recipient of being bullied or beaten up by no accord of his own, that&#8217;s different. Not the case here. He ruins what few relations he has by being, for a better term, a spoiled little brat and then whines about it. How sad. Too bad. You cry wolf one too many times and no one cares. He is a master at that.The only saving grace of this rubbish is the final two sentences. If you can find a copy or even better, go to the local library and read those lines, it will save you a lot unwanted rambling.Two star push
My 8 year old daughter had nightmares after reading this book. It is  bleak, violent and cruel. One of many examples: An adult punches a child in the face, and no one helps the child. Then there is the racist portrayal of a Native American character, which, along with the violence, goes unchallenged in this book. How is this beneficial for anyone, especially young readers?
Grisham's The Last Juror is a perfect example of a book that means well, but eventually and completely loses its way.  The climax and really only truly effective scene in the book is the murder scene which grabs the reader in the opening pages.  The rest of the book is so anti-climatic that we often wonder exactly where it is all going.  This is not a book I vehemently disliked, but a book that really never served any purpose to me.  It was like a rehash of better, earlier ideas from other stories that you could read about anywhere.The book, as I mentioned earlier, opens with a devastating murder scene.  A young woman is raped and murdered in front of her two children.  The suspect is quickly apprehended and awaits trial.  The murderer's name is Danny Padgitt.  His family is very influential in the underground crime business.  The murder occurs in the small town of Clayton, Mississippi.  Padgitt is sentenced to a life sentence by a jury and as he leaves the courtroom swearing that someday he will enact his revenge on them.This sequence occurs in the first third of the novel, but by the way it is marketed, you would swear that this is supposed to be the main plot line.  It isn't.  The story is told first person by Willie Traynor, a normal, long haired young kid who buys the local newspaper in Clayton at the age of only twenty three.The thick of the story is about him and his success and failures in writing for the newspaper.  The story takes place in the sixties and seventies, and we are given yet another clich&eacute;d journey through history that really gives no added freshness concerning everything we already know and have read.  Traynor develops a friendship with a black woman named Callie and for some reason the story ends with her.  He meets many other characters as well, but we never really get to know them well and it seems they are thrown in more for show than for substance.Later in the story, Padgitt is from prison for good behavior.  Not soon after, a juror is suddenly found dead, followed by another one.  The town is in an uproar and believes that Padgitt must be enacting his revenge on the jurors who sentenced him ten years prior.  There is a slight twist at the end, but then again the book is such an ode to the anti-climax that it does not feel like much of a surprise or a revelation when it comes.  By that point we, as a reader, are daydreaming about the next book we want to read.I think the main problem, and there are many, with The Last Juror is that the story is written in such a way that we don't really care about it.  The characters are all severely underdeveloped because it seems as if Grisham is trying to do too much here. And it doesn't work.  There are numerous clich&eacute;s in here as well.  Every lawyer and small town clich&eacute; you can think of, in fact.The Last Juror generates no suspense.  It's funny because it is marketed as a thriller, but with the exception of the first scene, it is dryly told with a level of such mediocrity. This is unusual for a writer as talented as Grisham.  Where was the suspense of The Firm, the intrigue of The Pelican Brief, or the power of A Time to Kill?  It feels like The Last Juror was quickly processed and the Grisham was on auto-pilot when he wrote it and more importantly he puts the reader on auto-pilot as they read it.  It would have been nice if some emotion was stirred up inside of me, but sadly, nothing came.  It was like listening to a tired history lecture from a teacher about events that already knew too well and didn't care much about.The book did nothing to anger me, it wasn't even particularly boring.  It was just a meandering mess that couldn't find anywhere to go....and when it did find something interesting; it would quickly switch paths to another tired clich&eacute;.  The Last Juror never could find where it wanted to go and what it wanted to say, so it decided to say everything and nothing through nearly 500 pages (the story could have been told in less than 300).  If you haven't read anything by Grisham, this isn't the place to start, or you might never pick up anything written by him again.Grade: C
Although this book came highly recommended, I missed the &#34;mystery&#34; and found it to be an especially drawn out pseudo-psychological study that became tedious. The ending had me throwing the book across the room.
For readers of historical suspense fiction,  Rule of Four promises Renaissance intrigue clothed in a contemporary Ivy League setting.  As is often the case with this present-past interweaving of narrative, the past overshadows the present.  The story holds up well until the halfway point, drawing you into a struggle between the art and religion of 15th Century Italy.  Then the contemporary drama of 20-ish college students becomes the central focus and the novel drags itself to a predictable conclusion.  Not bad for 20-something authors, but a half a book is still a half a book.
Jane Langton's series of Homer Kelly mysteries is excellent; this book is  weak. The characters are thin, the plot is disappointing, the atmosphere  lacks her usual charm. Langton's a very enjoyable writer, but this book  does not demonstrate it.If you've read and enjoyed the others, you'll  probably want to read this to complete the series. If you haven't read any  of her books yet, pick a different one.
As one who consumes information voraciously, primarily in the form of books, and is fascinated by the role of language in human thought, I have always been surprised by how boring I find so-called "information theory." I keep trying. There ought to be something there? So, combining with a more recent interest in "consciousness studies", I expected great things from this book.I was quite disappointed. You might not be. Since I see lots of other positive reviews here that also outline the book's content, I'll focus more on style issues, since it was those which mostly left me out of gas after 100 or so pages. Perhaps you can determine if these same concerns would affect your appreciation of the book.The writing in this book never captivated me, frankly never even engaged me; and the ideas, however powerful, stayed submerged. Its not that I need a Hemingway to craft an essay on consciousness in order to be gripped by it; witness my high rating of Evan Walker's "Physics of Consciousness", with its bumpy, sometimes windy style and odd rhetorical devices. And, having worked my way through Dennett's "Consciousness Explained", I know its not that I shy away from complex ideas.I just need, like a radio station, a strong carrier frequency to modulate the message. Dennett accomplishes this with a quite engaging style that Nrretranders lacks - possibly a dilution effect of translation. Walker manages the same, frankly, by having eminently (and evidently) skippable passages. While reading this book, my own skip/scan reading engine kept reacting to the mushy, swampy places by making the jump, but rarely found a solid place to land.Like many books that seek to bring the "lay" reader into a realm defined by the outposts of modern science, this book lays down a substantial prologue seeking to introduce many complex concepts. I usually try to read most of this section on the theory that I might not know quite as much as I think. But I usually can realize when I am plowing a field in which my level of knowledge is up to the level of the presentation. At that point I look to skip ahead and seek rhetorical or syntactic guideposts to indicate the next island for my leap. In "User Illusion" there was something blurry about the whole first part; never a sense of discrete elements and hence no way to untangle the well-known from the new.Finally, in frustration, I went to an extensive scan-ahead; flipping and scanning the middle third of the book to try to find where it was headed, to find the big ideas. (I rarely "read" this way. It's a measure of my high expectations for the content that I resorted to such perfidy.) All I could find was an apparent circling-around of the "half-second delay" discovery of Libet mentioned in other reviews. Since I had already encountered that in Dennett (not as a central point but as a marker on the road to a more powerful argument), I called it quits.Fans of the book might, correctly, argue that I missed its point. How can I argue since I never discovered that it? But it wasn't for lack of trying. If you know you're a reader who can abide exciting ideas portrayed without excitement you might be rewarded by reading this book. I remain suspicious that the central (and perhaps powerful) idea of this book could be stated in several pages than in the form provided. You might learn more from reading the reviews right here on Amazon; then plow into a few listmania! lists on cognitive science, or (is there one?) information theory!
I hated this book.  The author travels back in time to spend time with his wife as a young girl and teenager. I found it distasteful and creepy, and wasn't interested in these strange characters either.  Ugh.
I doubt if Oliver Stone penned a single word of the Untold History of the United States. He left the job to revisionist historian and anti-nuclear activist Peter KuznickThe entire book is a rehash 20th Century U.S. history slanted to show what a mean bully the United States has been in relation to the rest of the world. According to the book, Russia almost single-handedly defeated the Germans in World War II. Left out was the fact, that the Russian soldiers did so with a gun at their back held by their officers. You retreat Ivan, you die.Kuznick believes that if Henry Wallace had been selected to be Vice President again in 1944 instead of Truman, he would have never dropped the atomic bomb. Kuznick maintains that Truman dropped the atomic bomb on Japan because he felt insecure and wanted to show the Russians how tough he was. Truman's stated reason to drop the atomic bomb was to save American lives. That was a lie according to Kuznick. This even though Kuznick lists Richard Frank's Downfall as one of his sources in which, according to Japanese military documents, the entire Japanese nation was being prepared to fight to the death should there be an Allied invasion of Japan.Stone's Untold History of the United States has in fact been told many times in less biased renderings.
I enjoyed Harris' "Fatherland", but I'm afraid I can't recommend "Pompeii".  The plot was linear and predictable and the one-dimensional characters were just not very interesting.  For a historical novel I expected more insights into Roman thought and culture, but those aspects of the book were pretty superficial.It's not a horrible book, but it's just fluff.  Fuff with a touch of history, but fluff nonetheless.  I expected better.
Perhaps I was looking for the wrong thing.  I expected a book on how to relieve stress with quick little games to do at the beginning of a business meeting.  Instead, the 'games' in this book sound more like therapy sessions.  Most are meditation and message exercises.One example:  The Glittering Roof, where you have everyone close their eyes and you, the facilitator, read a 2.5 page verbal 'fantasy' in a calm and soothing voice to the group.  At the end, everyone discusses how they felt.  There are many exercises like this in the book.Another example (my favorite): The Beastly Boss.  Again you start the group off with breathing and imagery exercises.  Then you pair everyone off.  One person assumes the role of Beastly Boss. The other the role of Exemplary Employee.  The Beastly Boss then 'acts insensitively' while the Exemplary Employee employs more breathing and imagery techniques to remain cool.  Then they switch.  Puh-leez!  Can anyone think of a quicker way to be sent to a remote location than to try this on your co-workers?This is not for corporate profesionals...
I love books.  I live for books of all kinds. I make it a personal rule (silly, I know) to always read a book in its entirety.  The Rule of Four killed me, but I did slog through it to the credit of my tenacity, nothing more.  I think, to the best of my memory, it is the only book I ever disliked as much as I do,It is flat, boring, tedious, scattered, obscure, shallow, uninteresting, tortuous...you get my drift.Save yourself some time and pick up any other book but this one.  You will have saved yourself time, energy and intellect.
This book left me feeling like I went to watch a parade, and it somehow marched right by without my noticing. I just don't get it. Sure, I can see the general plot - the decline of the Compson family over a long period of time, from the father's alcoholism to the mother's denial of the state of the family, to Quentin's suicide, to Caddy's illegimate daughter Quentin. I can see the symbolism -- the black servants that hold life together and are part of the family, but never really part of the family; the decline of the Southern way of life, and the refusal to let go, as seen in Mrs. Compson's refusal to send Benjy to the asylum. But there are entire chunks that just went right by me. For example, I am still not completely sure whether or not the male Quentin had sex with his sister Caddy, and if maybe he was her daughter Quentin's father (why else would she name her daughter after her brother?), or how exactly Benjy was castrated. And overall, I am simply not that impressed with the book. Everyone always raves about Faulkner, how deep he is, how great TSATF is, and all that; but it just seems like a confusing mess to me. If you really tried, you could take any book and search for symbolism in it...so why are some books given such scrutiny and proclaimed great, whereas others are simply dismissed as poorly written and dropped from sight?There are so many other authors out there I'd rather spend my time reading...
On the surface this book appears to contain lots of good information. However, this book presents little change from the previous editions. The author(s) are very repetitive in the edition releases and the same stuff is carried over to the new editions. The book is poorly organized and the code samples are basic. At times it feels that the text is too detailed and then there are sections that seem skimpy. It is very difficult to use this book as a text in a course and still manage to keep students interested. Why do I give the book 1 star? One star is a horrible rating for a book. However, I feel that I must rate this book one star because it is selling for way too much money for what it is. If you balance what you get from this book with the price you pay for it, it makes a very bad deal. I do not recommend this book unless you can get a very good deal on it. I personally would not pay much for this book. It is simply not a worthwhile investment. If you must use this book for some reason, I would advise you to get a used, less expensive copy of a previous edition. Ideally, you should look at other books such as C++ Primer Plus, C++ Primer, and Thinking in C++. The latter can be found for free on the internet or you can buy from Amazon for a very reasonable price.
This book is terrible.  Read something else.  Save your money.Enterprise architecture is the fusion of business and technology.  EA is composed of several "layers" (NIST framework, FEAF framework) which often constitute different sub-disciplines of EA: business architecture, data architecture, software architecture, technology (infrastructure) architecture, sometimes more...The problem with this book is that it assumes enterprise architecture is software architecture alone.  The authors have clearly missed the point. Most people do not buy a book to learn from those who have no clue about the subject.
This book is complete fantasy.  Not only does it provide no useful information for someone interested in treasure hunting, it provides ammunition for those opposed to the business.Howard Jennings was not a "treasure hunter."  He was a grave robber, an artifact and gold smuggler. His swashbuckling occupation was being a huaquero.Misguided readers love to compare Jennings to Indiana Jones.  This is silly.  Those folks don't understand is the character of Indiana Jones. As a young lad he tried to save Coronado's Cross from a pothunter remarkably similar to Jennings. Indiana Jones would hate Howard Jennings - Mr. Jennings is a looter.Read Chapter 4 for yourself. It's available on the `web on the site of another fantasy treasure hunter with a remarkably generous view interpreting international copyright law.  Unless someone posts his work, of course, in which case he gets quite upset.Howard Jennings takes off into the jungle with a beautiful young woman who apparently has fallen in love with him at first sight - or, at the very least, fallen for his charm and tales of treasure hunting. In a conservative country she leaves a good job at the local bank (a conservative institution - and a position a young lady of that day would be most fortunate to have secured) on one day's notice to join a complete stranger on a dangerous expedition to bandit-infested (sorry - it's always "bandito" in this sort of book) territory. Not to mention the head-hunting Spanish-speaking Indians...Mr. Jennings happily describes simply heading into the bush and plundering the first graves and tombs he can find. Permits? Permission? He doesn't need any stinking permits or permission. His local friend - quite properly - objects to this behavior. Perhaps when he was suaving her he failed to mention that he was a grave robber. However, I suggest you read it for yourself. And pay particular attention, if you will, to where Mr. Jennings writes:I saw I wasn't going to win this argument, so clearly it was time to quit. "Look, Anita," I said, "would it make you feel better if I worked with your government?"She smiled and nodded. "Okay," I said. "If I find anything, I'll take it to your government and let them decide what I can keep. They can pay me for whatever they want."That seemed to pacify her. I knew I couldn't do any such thing, but I would have to continue her education another time.What a wonderful fellow, indeed! He does manage to loot some graves - but then he must get his plunder out of the country. Mr. Jennings writes:I was now faced with the inevitable problem of how to smuggle Ecuadorian gold artifacts out of antiquities-conscious Colombia.===Call me old-fashioned - this isn't treasure hunting in my book. People go to jail for this - and it is my opinion that they should. Treasure hunting is tough enough without this sort of activity. There is a difference between being a ghoul and being a treasure hunter.Finally, on a minor historical note, in the same chapter Mr. Jennings includes:"In 1848 the old sourdough panners discovered gold at Sutter's Mill, California,..."I'm tempted to suggest panning sourdough would produce a soggy mess. I'm sure, however, he's trying to sling the lingo and sound like an old hand.Unfortunately, there weren't any "old sourdough panners" or gold panners or gold prospectors in California in '48. Gold was discovered by accident by James Marshall at Sutter's Mill. Until that amazing event, there weren't any old or young people looking for it. Sourdough, by the way, was a gift from Basque sheepherders who came to California somewhat later.Is this a major error? No. But it certainly is an insight to the author's experience.Again - let the book by Mr. Jennings and Mr. Moore speak (or, perhaps I should say, read) for itself.Give this one a miss.
not the haunted house story I was hoping for. Not a bad book by any means. I was just looking for something to read late at night, That might send some chills up my spine.if you're looking for a supernatural story that's not about the chills/scares for you pick this one up for sure.2 stars because I felt the book was slow and the characters uninteresting, and not nearly as scary as I was led to believe..
Ok so I am not finished with it yet ...I am trying!!!!!!!!This is such a pseudo-intellectual book with so many digressions it is next to impossible to follow. I just read where someone fell out a window and the next page goes back to name dropping authors of long ago! I have yet to experience the suspense! The only question in my mind is can I slog through this to the end.The characters are flat. The relationships among them are seemingly delved into but you don't know very much in depth.  I don't find any ot them very sympathetic.I believe the authors believe that being Princeton graduates makes them intellectual but I find the constant references to eating clubs and life at Princeton to be another attempt of these authors to try to tell a story which has nothing to do with the main story. The constant name dropping of Renaissance writers is over the top.I think the authors were hoping to cash in on the success of the DaVinci Code. Seems to me they should take the money and run! Please, don't write another book!I will try to get through this one! But if my next book from Amazon comes before I finish, I'll be glad to put this down!!!!!
I cannot reccomend this book to experienced programmers learning Java or to beginners.  The experienced will find it cluttered and watered down, and beginners will end up with a very novice, incomplete, and probably incorrect comprehension of the more complicated aspects.The first few chapters are ok for someone new to programming but beyond that the text is extremely bloated and only explains complex topics with "for dummies" examples that will leave you unable to perform in a real enviroment.
The usefulness of political polemics generally depends on whether the individual reader agrees with the political viewpoint of the author.  If the reader of this book is of a liberal bent, he or she will probably enjoy and agree with this book.  If not, then this book will only lead to an increase in blood pressure.Books like this have no real intellectual value, they are briefly in vogue for a few months after publication, then when no longer current, they are consigned to the remainder bins to make way for the next batch of political jeremaids from the political commentariat.  This book is no different.
I really wanted to learn about Paraguay.  It is very hard to find any books out there that even touch on the subject.  So, it was with a lot of excitement that I began reading this book and quickly watched my excitement dwindle to nothing.  I finally gave up on the book.  It is all over the place.  He tries to make humor where there is none and incidents that are so trivial and boring, he writes as if they should be so exciting.  I Love to read, but this book has beaten me.  I give up.  I refuse to waste anymore of life's precious time on a book that is a complete waste of time.  What a disappointment.
As an Australian, this book was full of cringeworthy stereotypes and unlikely scenarios that became quite laughable.  The Australian dialogue was very amateurish and full of colloquialisms that I just don't hear spoken by anyone I meet.  Despite the over-the-top ending the second half of the book was more fast paced and therefore a bit more enjoyable.
All these long term returns people give in regards to stocks, bonds, gold and such do not involve active management but instead take a buy and hold strategy.  So why follow a theory of regression to the mean the author suggest on page 36 in asset allocation.  Why increase your expenses every year by selling some of your top performing sectors and use that money to buy into the poor performing sectors.  This strategy seems like market timing set on automatic and we all know that it's very hard to time the market consistently.  Index funds that beat most funds don't market time.  They work by being fully invested in the asset class, they have a long term buy and hold view, and they keep expenses and taxes low. You can get basic asset allocation info for free from Vanguard's website which also offers target date retirement funds for those who want to use asset allocation the simple way.
Judged by the reviews below, you'd thin this is a masterpiece, maybe the best bok ever written about TITANIC. But then you'll realize that the book is just 208 pages long ( appendices included ), it was written in 1955 ando so, consequently, lacks many new material that surfaced along time. It's a good book only for someone who is introducing himself to the TITANIC.
This short novel started out extremely slow.  It was difficult to get into but I plugged along anyway knowing Grisham would give me a great ending.  He took a long time setting up the story for the ending, which was the only thing I truly enjoyed.  I'm glad I read this story, however, Grisham should stick to what he knows best - the law and the courtroom.
From the back cover:Andy Larkham is late. He is due at the funeral of his favourite schoolteacher, who once told him: 'It's hard work being anyone.' It's especially hard for Andy - stuck in a dead-end job, terminally short of cash and with a fiancee who is about to ditch him. When the funeral leads to unexpected consequences, Andy has to ask himself: how far will he go to change his life? From early-twentieth-century Turkey to modern-day London, Nicholas Shakespeare takes us on an extraordinary journey that explores the temptations of unanticipated wealth, the secrets of damaged families and the price of being true to oneself. At once a love story spanning many decades and a tragedy of betrayal and missed opportunities, it is a romance for our times.Review:Let me preface this review by saying that I read Inheritance for my book club, and of the whole group I was the only one who didn't like it. Everyone else agreed that it was so fantastic, I wondered if we had read the same book. The story is told in two (sort of three actually) sections: Andy before he gets an unexpected windfall, Andy just after he gets the money, and Andy later finding out about the life of the man who gave him the money. The first two sections I found to be so cliche that I couldn't connect with the story. There was nothing new here, and really was not very interesting. The last section, which is the second half of the book, is far more interesting than the first. My problem with this section was the structure of short chapters. The story is revealed one torturous drip at a time and there is no opportunity for the reader to enter into the flow of the story. And there is a bad penny of a character which was a really weak device in the storytelling, much too convenient and unrealistic.What stops me from giving this only 1 star is that the actual turn of phrase is often very good. Some of the author's observations of the human condition are absolute gems. "The past is a door you don't want to bang open, love, not unless you've got a meat-cleaver in each hand." So ultimately I did not enjoy this book. But, I was impressed enough with the writing that I would give Nicholas Shakespeare another read, perhaps I'll try The Dancer Upstairs next.
I just finished Steinbeck's the Pearl.  Needless to say, I was sorely disappointed.  I dearly beg that any who read it do not judge Steinbeck's writing ability by it.  The only way to describe that thing is lame, lame, lame.  Many have claimed it to be as good as Of Mice and Men, but how it is even comparable is beyond my mental capacity.  This story was a required reading for my Sophomore English class, and it definitely turned off quite a few of the students to Steinbeck's writing.  It lacked his flourish with detail and his wonderful analyses of the human psyche.  If you want to read something short by Steinbeck, I would recommend Of Mice and Men.  His stuff is a little bit deep, so don't bother if you just want a casual read.  For those who wish to spend more time, I HIGHLY recommend The Grapes of Wrath.  It is an awesome book, prolly one of my favorites at the moment, but it is rather long.
Q: What is "The summons" about?A: "The summons" is the story of Ray Atlee, a lawyer and law professor at University of Virginia. He receives a summons from his aging father, Judge Atlee, a retired chanceler in Clanton, Mississipi. The Judge is dying and wants to see his son (whose relationship with was never good) once again. When Ray enters his old house, the Judge is dead and he finds more than US$ 3 milion stacked in boxes. What should he do? He can't tell his brother, Forrest, a drug addict that would surely kill himself with that much money. He has no friends. He has no family. And he has no idea where the money came from, since his father was as straight as can be. So, "The summons" is Ray's quest to know the origin of the money.Q: Is "The summons" as bad as everybody is saying?A: Well, you have to be careful to answer that. First of all, I can't consider this a novel, it's more like a novella disguised as a novel. It's short, fast to read, few characters, not much time-tracking, etc. Alone, "The summons" would not be that bad a book, but it is written by John Grisham. As I finished it, I opened and read the first chapters of "A time to kill", which I think is Grisham's best book. The difference is amazing, to the point that it makes me wonder if it was indeed Grisham who wrote "The summons". I would give "The summons" 3 stars, but the ending of the book is too stupid, and the "final twist" was not  twisty at all. And comparing it to "A time to kill" only made me angry at the author, who one long time ago knew how to write good novels. "The summons" is such a recycled material that one of the characters, Harry Rex Vonner, comes indeed from his first book. Why? I can see no reason for that. So, is "The summons" as bad as everybody is saying? Yes; it has developing potential, though, but the author simply didn't care. "The summons" is his next-to-worst book, only better than "The brethren" and as bad as "The street lawyer".Q: What is happening to John Grisham?A: Man, I don't really know. In my opinion, Grisham is bound to a killer millionaire contract with one publishing house or another, and has to deliver one book per year. He simply lost the pleasure to write. He's writing because he's ordered to, and this shows in a steeply descendent curve of the quality of his later books. In fact, no one has the necessary immagination to deliver a good plot, good characters and a good book once a year.Q: What should I do about Grisham?A: Stop buying his books, of course. Or if you are a fan of his older books, like me, browse your local used-books store once in a while, and see if you find books like "The summons" and "The brethren", so your collection is complete. But if everybody keeps making Grisham reach the bestselling list with each new book, the quality of his work will hardly improve. To me, he's made it very clear that, like his shark-lawyers characters, he's only after the easy money.Grade 5.5/10
Disappointment...Total Disappointment !The book gets a generous 1 Star.  When you finish reading this review, you will agree as well.A skinny book of 133 pages that touches on everything from personal austerity  to trading to shorting to everything in between. Yes, the book also includes a chapter on Dividends. Here is an example of what you can expect from the book ( 35 of the 133 pages is made of this type of material)CHAPTER 1:  PAGE NO 5-12> Refrain From Wasteful Spending> Choose Cash and Carry> Use a 48 hour rule with impulse buys> Embrace this 4 Letter word - SAVE> Take Responsibility> Ignore the Joneses> Take Charge Of Your finances> Grab a shovel and dig yourself OutChapter 2 :  PAGE NO 13 - 35> Idntify your home's income> Identify your expenses> Savings Contribution> Discretionary expenses> and so on and on...Well, what is wrong with any of the above ?None, but the problem is that the book is about "Dividends" as the title suggests, all except one chapter 7 grazes on topics unrelated to Dividends. For those "other" non dividend topics, please read Suze Orman's books and for trading read the list of books at the end of this review.When I was about to throw the book away, I reached chapter 7 about dividends. Even there it is a shallow chapter,but it points us to dividend.com which is a must visit website for dividend seeking investors.GOLD STANDARDS:The next few lines of this review , if you read and follow will have far more impact on your trading career than this entire book.Trend following is phase2 of trading. Phase 1 is how you handle the heart and brain. For beginners/Semi Professionals/part time traders . Similar to "Driver License" being mandatory to Drive, I wish the following books below are mandatory requirements before anyone opens an online account. The books listed below are "gems" if you are not a "buy and hold" investor.1.Trading for a Living: Psychology, Trading Tactics, Money Management2.Come Into My Trading Room: A Complete Guide to Trading3.How I Made $2,000,000 In The Stock Market4.How to Make Money in Stocks:  A Winning System in Good Times and Bad, Fourth Edition,5.Reminiscences of a Stock Operator (Wiley Investment Classics)6.Trade Like an O'Neil Disciple: How We Made 18,000% in the Stock Market (Wiley Trading)FULL DISCLOSURE: I got this book for free via Vine program and like all other books, the review is totally independent.
Jack Kerouac was one of the most dynamic figures in literary history. He was also one of America's greatest authors--he gave us two of the finest books written, _On the Road_ and _The Dharma Bums_, but _Big Sur_ shows that even he could write poorly. Big Sur is a stream of consciousness novel ... that deals with his alcoholism--though looking at the way Kerouac died, writing it taught him nothing. It doesn't contain the energy or the story that we find in On the Road of Dharma Bums. It's Kerouac's attempt at postmodernism and at showing us what his alcoholism was like. Kerouac is successful in that the confusion and nonlinear narrative does effectively show the confusion (...) of his alcoholism, but as a work of literature, it just fell short. I suppose the book is important in its portrayal of alcoholism and as a piece of Kerouac's work, but it just wasn't that enjoyable, and I was happy when it ended.A final note, Kerouac closes the novel with his (too) long poem "Sea" which was written when the events of this novel took place. It's a bad poem...On the back cover Ginsberg says some wonderful, and true things about Kerouac's writing. But Big Sur doesn't seem to fit the bill.
I had to read this book last year for my AP English class.After hearing all the hype about how it was a great American classic I was excited to read it. Ufoetunately, I was waiting for the plotline that never came. This book goes absolutely no where. It drags on and onwhile Holden complains about virtually everything and then th story just ends. Nothing extremely interesting or, as far as I'm concerned important, happened in this book at all. Just the abnoxiously cynical thoughts of a brooding teenager who's P.O.ed at the world for no good reason. Just another teenager and that's all. This book was a complete let down in my opinon and I wish I hadn't wasted my time with it. I really don't understand why people think it's amazing, it's terrible.
I have commented in detail in my responsive comment to fellow reviewer Alice L. Moore.  Please read that.  I simply want to write here this is a very..and I mean very..poor novel and I think you should be warned.  It is a screed with the characters doing nothing but talk of their historical research.  It has no action, no drama--if you are interested in this subject read a good non-fiction book on this subject such as that by attorney Bertram Fields.  The tone of the writing so arch, so antique that one would have thought it written in victorian times.  Quite simply: it is NOT a work of fiction.  (I also strongly recommend watching the terrific 1984 BBC production of &#34;The Trial Of Richard III&#34; on YouTube  if you want real-life drama about this subject.)
Mr.Powers possesses grand ambition.  He chooses to write about large and potentially profound topics.  In this novel he gestures towards the potential use and abuse of the human imagination - the image he chooses is that of a blank white room, suggesting the interior of a human skull along with the proverbial bare page confronting a budding author.  In one strand of the novel, this room is filled with borrowed art and other worldly concerns, imaginatively re-invented through recent computer technology.  In the other strand, an isolated mind first covers the walls with memories, focused upon a former lover, and later partly disintegrates through lack of contact with the outside world.  Salient to each situation is the idea of how much effort should be devoted to representing the world, and how much to living in it - while not a simple moralist, Powers seems to be warning against representation divorced from any heed to social and political realities, be these personal or global; that is to say, he at least complicates the notion of art for art's sake.  The danger of becoming obsessed with the image, and forgetting the reality, is explored through the ultimate use made of the  beauty of the virtual room, and through references to religions', particularly Islam's, prohibitions on representation.  Powers also seems to be making a plea that we all need each other, for in high-tech Seattle, a team of people must work together in order to succeed, while in the hostage's cell in Lebanon, a mind atrophies when denied company.*At the end of the book, Powers acknowledges a debt to the memoirs of Western hostages held in Lebanon.  His research certainly gives realism to this part of the story.  He also uses literary techniques favoured by bestselling authors, such as Stephen King, to grasp the readers' attention.  Thus, the protagonist, Taimur Martin, is quickly placed in jeopardy, he experiences pain and humiliation, and the entire tale relies on the tension in waiting for his potential release or escape.  In a sense, this is all legitimate and engaging storytelling, but it does have a cliched and manipulative aspect.  The depiction of the suffering mind is partly convincing, but pales when compared to, say, Solzhenitsyn, or Primo Levi (very high standards, admittedly).  A weakness is also revealed in Power's ability to create characters - Taimur's thinks and converses with his captors much like he does with his remembered lover and, what is more, much like the way Adie and Steve and the all others in Seattle deal with each other.  Prime among the conversational strategies of all these characters is a recourse to weak humour - weak puns, irony, and benign sarcasm - in Seattle this is merely annoying, but in the context of horrible depravation in Lebanon it is distracting, unconvincing, and inappropriate.*The Seattle strand of the book makes up its bulk - around three quarters of its pages.  It is structured as a quest.  This exact same structure is used by Powers in 'The Gold Bug Variations' and in 'Galatea 2.2'.  Again, it is a proven way to co-opt a reader's interest, but in this novel the mechanism is obvious, and the quest itself of questionable appeal - consequently it feels rather crude.  There are a large number of characters - they are differentiated by quirks and mannerisms, yet in conversation they blend, in part due to the failed humour mentioned previously, and also due to the relentless parading of references to works of art, literature, and music.  This parade is especially galling as there seems to be an implicit thesis that in order to be part of the club of 'intelligent', 'interesting' people, one must be familiar with a canon of 'great works' - the works chosen are very conservative, as in other of Powers' books, and can not legitimately be said to be simply alerting the reader to the existence of works otherwise unknown.  Another shared characteristic, both within this novel and across Powers' other books, is the attitude taken towards, and the depiction of, love.  Every character adopts a nostalgic stance to love.  Love largely occurs in the past; love is passive and motivates few actions; when love does bear consequences, as in the birth of a child, then this is rendered in a perfunctory, almost abstract way.  It is as if Powers' wants love to be important, but is unskilled in actually embodying it living within his story.  His characters are emotional adolescents.  The core of this problem lies in his refusal to address the darker currents in human nature.  If his characters have sins, then they are ones of omission.  Malice, hate, true envy, jealousy, are not genuinely present;  consequently his characters 'do' very little to each other.  If they are reprehensible, it is for their lack of constancy or lack of passion.  They are bland and, at the very least, half empty.  Powers is never going to create a Macbeth, or a Hamlet, or an Iago.  You might think that those holding and abusing Taimur in Lebanon embody darker forces, but they are hardly characters, being inarticulate and skeletal, and so their malice is not embodied but abstract.*Powers' language deserves special comment.  I am baffled by those who call it poetic or beautiful.  To me, it is ungainly, approximating the abbreviated rhythms heard in technical gatherings, conferences, or in recent journalism.  It reads more like an introductory paragraph in 'New Scientist' or in 'Wired' than a poem.  There is a laziness to his insistence of adding an extra clause, or several, when a single, well-crafted one would be far more potent and graceful (to some extent Don Delillo shares this failing, and he too is revered by some for his style).  For beauty in prose I would turn to John Hawkes, or Samuel Beckett, or Denis Johnson.*Overall, it is hard to recommend this book.  Powers has strengths, and these are probably best showcased in 'The Gold Bug Variations'.  He has glaring deficiencies too.  I doubt he will overcome them, since his writing, in its detail and in its overall structure, has not progressed from that novel to this.  To read him is to come into contact with an 'encyclopedic' mind, as widely said, but, for mine, it is a mind in many ways immature.
If you finished reading this one, and had an intellectual grasp of what the heck was going on, you're a better person than me.  For this was probably the worst drivel I've ever attempted to read, and I gave it my all -- sans Cliff Notes.  But alas, I too shucked aside this chunk of [garbage] after a hundred or so pages of what felt like a bad case of athlete's foot (just as a previous reviewer did).This is the exact kind of novel that, when introduced to young readers, turns them off to classic literature altogether.  Every time I finished a page it felt like I was spitting into the wind. I guess I must be missing something, perhaps I lack some sort of cognitive gene because this was as incomprehensible as your stoner buddy trying to figure out how to hook up the Play Station.  I didn't know if I was reading great literature or a backwards Wendy's menu.If you like to enjoy a narrative structure that has any semblance of coherence, don't waste your time with Sound and the Fury when there's so much Hemingway, Salinger, Dostoyevsky (quality English translations), Fitzgerald, Nabokov, James and Steinbeck out there to stimulate and grab you.  Of course if you're a masochist, Faulkner's your man.I know, I know, I'm failing to appreciate a work of literary genius, etc. etc.  The problem with this criticism is most people need paragraphs and passages to at least make a little bit of sense. Or perhaps maybe it's like staring at a Jackson Pollack -- you're just not supposed to understand anything about it, just appreciate its beauty.Label me a philistine if you wish, I still contend Sound and the Fury [disappoints].
GENERAL:If you decide to pay $60~ for the online McGraw Hill's Connect, you don't have to because all the Connect questions are already inside the textbook. If, however, you are required to get the online membership so your teacher can grade you on the online questions, be warned that the questions are vague and hard to understand.---------ONLINE MATERIAL PROBLEMS:The Online Study Questions can grade the multiple choice but it *cannot* grade the short answer questions correctly.The questions are also ambiguous, for example the Connect questions will ask you to draw a curved PPF graph using a table of data given. Then it will ask you what the X is on a random point on the PPF curve when given a Y-axis along the curve (ie. If y=5 coffee beans, what is x=? on the parabolic PPF curve). To solve that would require Calculus. And then the answer needs to be within .5 of a decimal place.Sometimes the same, exact question will appear 3x in a row. This is gross oversight.------------TEXTBOOK:The textbook glosses over important details such as "opportunity cost" in 2 sentences and is described without examples, other than alluding to free lunches. Instead of explaining definitions and concepts, the textbook teaches it to you as if you're already expected to know.For example, in teaching the Law of Increasing Opportunity Costs, the textbook uses a graph and states moving from Point A to B will sacrifice x units of Item#1 for x units of Item #2. And then it says that illustrates the Law of Increasing Opportunity Cost, and that's it for the entire explanation in the textbook for that concept.--------I highly recommend you go with "William J. Baumol & Alan S. Blinder - MACROECONOMICS: Principles and Policy 11th edition." (They also have a MICROECONOMICS version). The author taught at Princeton University and the textbook is more clear.Their online APLIA website is significantly better than McGraw Hill's in terms of clearer questions, better software, and accurate descriptions that even explain every correct/incorrect answer. They tie in concepts with examples, explain everything in depth, and easy-to-understand English instead of McGraw Hill's concepts (weak examples) and vague online questions (with no explanation for wrong answers).Just be aware, the popularity of a textbook doesn't mean the material is well-written.I am upset they charged me so much for the Connect, when presented with such bad software. This is a complaint among my other class students too. I am letting you other students know what you're getting into. I would avoid the course that has a professor using this textbook, or if you must use this textbook, get the professor that teaches from his lecture notes instead of the book.
This book is long and boring. It also contains more than a little sexual dialogue and mental imagery, which ruins what few good parts there are. The few parts that are touching or humorous are not enough to sustain the reader through the rest of the book. The first half was very hard to get into, and even though it does pick up a bit later, this does not make it worth ones time. I do not deny the writer her due, the writing is good, but this is one of those books I could have gone without reading and be none the worse. The only catch is, I had wondered about this book for a while so I guess I would still be wondering if I hadn't read it, which leaves me wishing I had never wondered at all.
Poorly written, but, nevertheless, suitable for the advertised purpose.Observations:1. Peculiar sense of humor (see subtitle italics; "Can I spread these signals with a butter knife?Response: Whatever.");2. Watery contents (p 514: "The smart people had to gather into small rooms and hit the whiteboards with ideas, calculations, and new technologies. The result of these meetings, computations, engineering designs, and testing was Fast Ethernet.");3. Unimaginative examples (p. 524: "A good example of multicasting is tuning into a radio station on a computer. Some computers have software that enables the user to determine whether she wants to listen to country western, pop, Christian, or head-banging rock, for example.");4. Poor illustrations (p. 499: Figure 7-10 Connection-oriented versus connectionless protocol functionality);5. Inapplicable info (p. 530: Wins 95, diskless workstations in the context of forsaken RARP)make it an unpleasant reading.6. Profound not understanding of SDLC, echoed in the video (Career Academy, 10 DVDs; Copyright: Logical Security, 2007).This comes as no surprise, however, if you had a chance to listen to the authors videos: who hardly speaks, hardly writes.Publisher didn't do a good job either: illustrations are best in the context they illustrate, not at the bottom of the page.Recommendation: abstract yourself from the style, make it through, pass the exam and never ever touch this books again.As a side note: those, who are in the security are aware that the material has little to do with the profession (Ex.: D-H on PKI renders const session for the same pair of correspondents), but about the exam, so don't get frustrated.Good luck on the exam, BTW!PS.: Just discovered another "perl" on p. 90"data warehouse has the asset value of $150,000, it might be estimated that if a fire were to occur, 25 percent of the warehouse would be damaged (and not more, because of a sprinkler system and other fire controls, proximity of a firehouse, and so on)".Under the describe conditions the neighborhood data mart would burn to ashes. :)
There really is no substitute for experience, and even then there are times where experience is worthless if we haven't learned from it. Books about eBay can help to close the gap between new seller and experienced seller, but none are all encompassing. It is my belief that a great ebay seller is one that is well seasoned AND well read. Can this book augment the latter? Hmm...I do like how the book breaks the mold of cookie cutter eBay books that simply copy and paste information from eBay's own help section. Instead, this work shares a lot of insight that one cannot readily obtain from help pages or online advocate sites. Information on tax ID numbers, third party utilities, and record keeping are not topics common in help pages or even forums, and even then the information obtained by anonymous, random individuals isn't always accurate. I salute the book for filling in the gaps here.In other areas though, I think that some of the advice is contradictory and even poor. I don't doubt that the information contained here came from real people based on real experiences, but being a powerseller by default does not constitute knowing the best way, or even a good way to do business.I find it appalling that the 408 page book only spends some 16 pages discussing shipping. The fine art of shipping involves dynamics that make the whole rest of eBay seem simple by comparison. As a matter of fact, the vast majority of poor experiences on eBay are attributed to poor shipping, lack of knowledge when it comes to shipping, or misconceptions about shipping obligations or practices. The book takes one of the most complicated and important facets of eBaying and shoves it into a corner as to minimize focus on the subject. The section on shipping is so small as a matter of fact, that some readers might skip over what little information is here, forced to continue loss through undercharging, refunds, and negative feedback.International trade is also marginalized down to 2, yes two, pages. There is no possible way that the plethora of knowledge needed to effectively trade internationally can be put to two pages. This serves to provide just enough to get someone in trouble.The book further contradicts itself by saying that you should not pad your shipping charges, only to charge at cost, but then it advocates hiding the actual charges from your customers. The book also advocates such things as getting a Paypal debit card, which means that your funds are subject to seizure and you will not be collecting a significant amount of return on your investment as you would with say, a normal savings account or a certificate of deposit. Most experienced sellers do not keep a balance in Paypal. Furthermore, the book mentions that Cashier's Checks and Money Orders are risk free. This couldn't be further from the truth. The majority of online fraud is committed with wire transfers, checks, and especially, money orders.While I think there is plenty of good advice here, the bad advice here should be apparent to anyone that has had their fair share of eBay selling experiences. It is for reasons such as these books, that there is no substitute for experience, and until you've gotten your feet wet, you won't know which parts are right or wrong.
I *HAD* to purchase this book as it was used as a textbook for the introductory Java course that I took in college.Luckily, the professor supplied us with decent in-class notes, because studying from this text was a nightmare. The OOP concepts and language features are explained poorly and only confuse the reader. Code examples are also poor. It's hard to find something useful in the book if you want to use it as a reference when building your own applications. And finally, you can buy at least 2 excellent java books for this price. Try Sun's &quot;Core Java&quot; series or Herbert Schildt's titles, they are better written and are a lot more useful.
... is that you'd better be super-intelligent yourself, and not make pathetic mistakes such as using &#34;tortuous&#34; instead of &#34;torturous&#34; (at least twice) and other painfully silly grammatical errors.  I like opera, so I am an expert at suspending disbelief, but what happens to the narrator during the winter (entirely due to his own stupidity) is so beyond the pale that it requires, not suspension of belief, but a frontal lobotomy, to go along with it.  And the author makes one of the characters so obnoxious that he's more a caricature than a character. You're glad that he gets killed; you only wish that someone had done it before mid-book.  As far as the rest of the &#34;cast&#34;:  I don't mind arrogant characters (Darcy, Rochester, etc.) - a lot of bright college students ARE self-absorbed and arrogant - but I can't say that the author provided these students with enough substance or complexity to make their arrogance forgivable, or at least tolerable.  Someone said the epilogue is good.  I'll try to reach the end for that.
I made it to page 336.  Normally, once I read over half of a book, I can't NOT finish it.  I don't think I'll be bothered in this case.The story has a very interesting premise:  the heroine, Claire, is a married former military nurse.  She and her husband, Frank, are finally spending time together at the end of WWII.  They're second-honeymooning in Scotland when Claire encounters a circle of stones (a la Stonehenge) and is transported back in time two hundred years.Now, I enjoy romantic fantasy very much, and am very capable of suspending my disbelief for the sake of a great story.  I took Claire's apparent lack of hysteria at finding herself thrown back in time with a grain of salt.  She does seem to genuinely want to go back to Frank at the beginning, but eventually mention of him drops from the story almost completely.  She seems to marry Jamie, the hero, without much protest.  Has sex with him without much protest.  Numerous times.  Even after he beats her (and although that was probably common in Jamie's time, I thought a WWII combat nurse might have some balls and stand up for herself at least by witholding sex).  Both of the main characters were so irrational so often I couldn't get past it.  Being irrational in a situation is forgivable.  Having irrationality as a personality trait in what are supposed to be non-mentally ill characters isn't.The other major reason I stopped reading the book was because all the Scots dialogue is phonetically written.  For example "Yon wee stramash didna do it any good" is Jamie talking about his wounded shoulder.  Every time a Scot opens his or her mouth, I have to pause to figure out what the heck he or she just said.  If I know a character is Scottish, I can come up with a reasonable imagining of what his or her voice would sound like without it written phonetically for me.  It really bungled up the flow of the story for me.
Many people buy Schaum's outlines because of the price. I keep get suckered into buying another. But as all the other Schaum's outlines, this one isn't even the worth the small price. Poorly organized. Filled with sentences like: "...the marker of extent modification of adjectival stative verbs..." with chapters like "The Resultative Structure and Potential Suffixes", etc.Get Yong Ho's book, Beginner's Chinese, and the college text, Integrated Chinese, for much better intro to grammar.P.S. The Schaum's Outline on Chinese Vocabulary is even worse!
I'm a "medium beginner" with French, and I am usually able to comprehend most of the ins and outs of the way sentences are structured.  This book, within the first few pages, throws amazingly complicated sentences at you, and really without benefit of explanation as to WHY the sentences are structured in such a way.  When being taught to structure a sentence, I believe that I should be given a breakdown of it and an explanation as to why a certain word must be put before or after, why some words are left out, and exactly what n'en MEANS!!  They also use a lot of conjugations that really a much more advanced student would be more familiar with.  I find it absurd that this is offered as a tool to teach students how to structure sentences when they don't really TEACH you, they expect you to already know all the rules.  I made it to page 10 and after getting every single sentence wrong, I decided to put it away until I have already learned how to do it and then just come back to it and use it for practice.  I have several other books that I have found very helpful, such as Barron's French Verb Workbook and The Ultimate French Review and Practice, and Practice Makes Perfect Complete French Grammar.  But this book is just plain torture for anyone who isn't very familiar with the language already.
There are two mice and two littlepeople living in a maze.  Theyfind a big supply of cheese and start eating it.  When the cheese runs out, the two mice go and find more cheese while the two littlepeople whine about the lack of cheese.  Finally one of the littlepeople (GOOD littleperson) leaves to find more cheese and the other (BAD littleperson) stays and feels sorry for itself.  That's the story in a nutshell, and this paragraph is almost as long as the book is.  You can ponder this paragraph rather than buying the book and save yourself some money.This was a Dr. Seuss book without all the rhymes.  It was a social commentary in parable form, just like Dr. Seuss.  There are multiple levels of understanding, just like Dr. Seuss.  But it's missing the well-written rhymes and the neat pictures (all we get is a picture of a cheese on every other page with the point of the page summarized in the picture so just in case we can't handle reading the story we can still understand the concept). You couldn't even enjoy it by reading it to your kids, like you would with Dr. Seuss, because your kids would be bored by the third page.This was an adorable oversimplification of the need for change in the corporate world.  It's selling well because it's a quick read and it's just so cute (I need to be saying that in a high-pitched squeaky voice to get the point across).  It's something that lower-level managers and bottom-level employees are reading to make themselves feel better, while mid- to upper-level managers are reading real business books without pictures of cheese.I can't recommend this book to anyone without laughing.  If you must read it, get it from a library but be sure you don't let anyone else see you reading it.  You'll be labeled as one of those &quot;cheese heads&quot; (that's what we call them in my office) and will have a hard time being taken seriously after that.
I was rather disappointed with Hannibal as it is written like a novelization of a screenplay.  Thomas Harris was obviously lobbying for his sequel to Silence of the Lambs to be on the silver screen before the mass  market paperbacks hit the shelves.  Although there were several bright  moments in the story, by pandering to the filmmakers, Harris takes away the  thing that makes reading so enjoyable-- the imagination.
If Bush is reading this piece of arcania, I'll begin to worry about him.  This hopeless John McPhee wannabe stuffs the book with a lot of vignettes but, trust me, any encyclopedia article on salt is better written and more interesting.  It's exceeded in tedium only by his book on cod.  If you're having trouble getting to sleep at night, THIS is the book that will solve your problem...fast.
I attempted reading this book twice and just could not get into it. I found the characters rather difficult to fathom. Lots of long winded descriptions of characters and scenes. I saw so many 5 star reviews and thought that this would be a worthwhile book to read. It was boring and uninteresting. There were petty incidents that were banal. I just gave up quarter way through after having felt that I had an overdose of descriptive writing that somehow led nowhere. This book is a disappointing read.
M. Scott Peck is a psychiatrist who's definitely a renegade among his peers because of his thesis behind People of the Lie. Peck argues that Evil is not only palpable, but also even something that can be scientifically measured, analyzed and even classified as a bona fide, legitimate illness alongside cancer, TB, etc.. So certain is he of Evil being an indisputable reality and an actual term for actual illness in men--not merely a concept as the moral-relativist crowd professes--that I will in fact designate "Evil" as a proper noun for the length of my review.Most of Peck's observations will resoundingly strike a chord with many a reader because of the easy understandability of his explanation of Evil as it manifests among everyday, seemingly average people including you and I. In People of the Lie, peck unmistakably identifies certain, idiosyncratic behavioral traits which define a person as Evil. His arguments for what defines a person as Evil are very persuasive since he lays them out in a severely meticulous and well-reasoned manner, which includes much logical foundation.The focal point of Peck's thesis (Evil is a measurable quantity in people) is based on the fact that Evil people are people who never, ever, ever accept blame for their own misdoing and simultaneously reject personal responsibility, making them remorseless. Just by that definition alone, Peck clicks with so many readers because so many readers, in turn, do know all too many people who precisely fit this incriminating classification!!!! This only gets worse because, Peck reasons, Evil people don't just stop there; they also hurt others in a manner of lashing out instead of facing their own shortcomings.  As the last, main piece of this trio, Evil people are also harshly narcissistic, for the purposes of Peck's definition, insisting that everyone else submits to their will and their will alone in an ideology of utter selfishness. Again, this behavioral trait is so very, very easy to identify in far too many people today that it's just a loathsome sign of how conscienceless society's become.Peck then somehow hijacks his own line of thinking by making a sharp, left turn by insisting that the aforementioned, Evil people are just clinically sick and need professional help. While this book is praiseworthy due to its incorporation of morals to understand the "science" of Evil, if you will, this is one of Peck's many, unpalatable conclusions which actually take his well-founded thesis and misdirect from it. Peck gravely veers off into the proverbial deep end of making an impossibly difficult assertion when he actually writes--presumably with a straight face!--that the best way to fight Evil is by loving it!!!! WTF?!?! Yes, you read that right and in fact should proceed to pick your jaw up off the floor now. This argument is one of Peck's most seriously faulty ones because it guiltily reads exactly like an ultra-idealistic, emotional liberals' methods for tackling anything: just love it! Whether you're an Al-Q*eda terrorist, or merely a ped*phile who preys on kids, or how about just a regular, old serial killer who hunts for fun...Peck's radically liberal "solution" is to just "love" the Evil out of you, bad boy!!!!Inarguably, Peck's credibility suffers irreparable harm with this totally imperfect assertion because in reality--something liberals have a terminal problem with--it's unworkable and impractical. No amount of idealistic "love" will cure the Islamofascist who's hellbent on killing infidels; the ped*phile who relishes in misusing kids for his own perversions; or the serial killer who has a predilection to kill. Owing to the fact that Peck himself knows how disgustingly idiotic his own conclusion is, he even admits that the only way to fight Evil is essentially by being just as, if not more so, evil as it. In other words, fighting fire with fire, which is 100% true! However, then, rottenly, Peck's liberal idealism seizes hold of his delusional mind again, and he argues that it's better not to take this "risk" as one supposedly becomes the Evil he's fighting if he adopts its tactics to fight it. Good God...here, Peck sounds just like every other Democrat out there who opposes America's right to self-defense through Bush's War on Terror. You know, the widely discredited argument that the US should just be "nice" and change its foreign policy and maybe, just M-A-Y-B-E, the misunderstood terrorists (I mean, "freedom fighters) will leave the US alone.Peck's thesis also endures harm with the examples of patients of his through the years whom he's diagnosed as Evil. The examples are, quite frankly, asinine bordering on the ludicrous. Judge for yourself: in one case, a fifteen-year-old called "Bobby" had an older brother who committed suicide by shooting himself with his shotgun. His parents--apparently not in merely a sadistic and tasteless joke--then seriously went and saved the suicide weapon and "regifted" it to the younger, remaining son, "Bobby," as a Christmas present! While this can be more reasonably termed "unsympathetic" or "cruel," Peck crosses the line by branding the parents as "Evil." Now, the parents argued that "regifting" was merely practical, and in a sense it is!Another case involves another teen boy, "Roger," and his parents. "Roger's" dilemma was that he was underperforming in school and getting into trouble. As Peck investigated, he suspected the parents were really the culprits behind the son's outbursts--as Peck apparently finds from time to time--and the "Evil" ones. Peck based this unwarrantable denunciation on the fact that the parents rejected his suggestion to encourage one of "Roger's" only interests--helping disabled or underprivileged kids, or something--because "Roger" hadn't cleaned his room properly. At most, this is an overreaction by the parents and quite vindictive and possibly selfish, too, but for Peck to brand the parents as "Evil" over this is stretching even asininity. If these are who qualify as "Evil" people for Peck's purposes, then what in the hell does he call Islamofascists, child rapists, murderers, etc.?Another example involves a couple, "Hartley and Sarah." Their relationship to each other was so twisted that it--among all of Peck's' examples--was really the only one that plausibly could be termed a case of human Evil. Their relationship involved a corrosive co-dependence, a symbiotic relationship. The man, "Hartley," was basically such a whipped, liberal girlie-man that he was the submissive one in the relationship while "Sarah" was the overbearing boss. This involved "Sarah" berating "Hartley" constantly to the point where he basically needed to "grow a pair" in the worst way, and it manifested itself through repeated suicide attempts on "Hartley's" part. The absolutely sick part was that "Sarah" would continually get help for "Hartley" merely so she could continue her purpose in life: have him exist as her whipping boy!!!!One of the final cases involves a completely out-of-control and promiscuous young woman, "Billie." This girl was such a case of damaged goods that her mother actually ENCOURAGED her to sleep around with older men!!!! Further, the mother completely deteriorated the girl's remaining morals by shamelessly discussing with her her own infidelity to her husband, "Billie's" dad!!!! "Billie" was in her early 20s and despite having her own apartment, had a hard time sleeping there for the night; in fact, she'd go back to her parents' home to sleep. In fact, every time the daughter would insist it was time for her to leave, the mother would make excuses to keep her daughter at her home longer. Through therapy, Peck concluded that the mother was "Evil" for this action and also for encouraging her daughter to have trysts, as the net effect of her promiscuity would be to feel cheated by men and come running home to her mother. Now, this is manipulation by the mother and selfishness, but, again...real Evil?Peck's already badly injured believability takes a further downturn when he impudently strays into the territory of, I kid you not, exorcisms!!!! Reading People of the Lie, I perceptively suspected that Peck was the oxymoron called a liberal Christian, and this comical chapter on exorcism confirmed it!!!! I take as my all-purpose guide to exorcism Malachi Martin's seminal Hostage to the Devil; conversely, the kind of foul BS Peck writes regarding exorcism is so asinine that it's factually wrong. For instance, he claims to have encountered two patients of his whom he believed to be genuinely possessed, yet their behavior and the ritual of exorcism they underwent completely violate what Hostage to the Devil describes in bona fide possession cases. Moreover, what he asininely conjectures in a theological context about God and Satan is pure fantasy/wishful thinking. In example, Peck theorizes--in keeping with his overall liberal motif of loving the heck out of Evil to cure it/beat it--that one way Satan could be decisively beaten is by reaching out to it and trying to "love" it. Seriously. He goes on that Satan--being a creature of absolute impurity--would then reject the offer of love and simply retreat, or something completely ludicrous like that.Despite the overwhelmingly many trends-of-thought that make Peck guilty of some serious misjudgments, his absolute, most unpardonable chapter is the second-last one entitled: Mylai: an Examination of Group Evil. Shrewd readers will perceive that Peck's plot here is to arrogantly condemn the entire US military in Vietnam of massive,  institutionalized Evil. This chapter is beyond the pale, anti-American, vicious and should earn Peck a complete boycott just for the audacity alone of dragging the institution of the US military through the mud as he does! This chapter was so difficult to get through because it's about 40 pages of Peck lobbying bitter broadsides at the US military and soldiers! Here's his censurable "reasoning": what occurred with the Mylai massacre wasn't merely the isolated incident sane Americans all know it to be, but, rather, was only one of many, other, undocumented massacres in Vietnam. Peck further exposes how liberal and anti-American he is by misusing the same old liberal accusations against the military: he alleges that the way the military is established with its specialized training among different soldiers means it's predisposed to breeding a culture of Evil. Peck alleges that soldiers are dehumanized in war zones to the point where the vast majority of them forget their training and/or conscience and are more likely to commit atrocities. Peck alleges that the US involvement in Vietnam was one of the WHOLE COUNTRY being in bed with the concept of Evil, and accuses the US of being the aggressor there! Doesn't this sound familiar to Democrat/lib thinking in this post-911 world, where libs charge the US with being the killer, the aggressor and the instigator of violence against the Arabs?!?! Of course it does! Predictably like the good, little, typical lib Peck is, he then insanely and idiotically offers retarded, liberal "solutions" to the "problem" of Evil caused by having a national military. Are you ready for what the hell he proposes? He proposes disbanding the whole US military and creating something like a Peace Corps which wouldn't fight wars, but just help out in trouble spots around the world. MY F***ING GOODNESS! When I read this, I basically blacked out from the understandable outrage. Again, also note how scarily close Peck's vile thinking is back when this was published (early 80s) to the Democrats/libs of current times.The conclusion is that People of the Lie starts out with a very interesting and demonstrably true thesis: that Evil is real and exists and manifest in people. However, as I've incontrovertibly outlined by the use of nothing but hard facts and airtight examples from this book, Peck irreconcilably destroys his credibility with asinine examples, totally false, theological conjectures, and the worst of all: absolutely liberal, elitist scorn and hatred of the US military as an institution which breeds the very epitome of Evil itself. For that chapter alone, his book deserves a widespread boycott and nothing but condemnation because he's ruined any and all semblance of respectability.
I was hoping for a new, fresh approach to looking at personal finance.zzzzzzThe only thing different here is the title.  Kudos to the editor/publisher for suggesting it.The text of the book isn't bad, it is just something you have read many times before. It is boring, dry, and sleep inducing.  It reads like it was written by a financial advisor, you know, non committal, only suggestive and not informative.  But hey, maybe there is something exciting in the latter part of the book -- but I wouldn't know.  It was too dull and reiterative in the first chunk; I couldn't see the value in continuing to finish the book. I learned nothing.It was written well, but written well like a patronizing term paper.  Overall, take a pass on this one...
I thoughrouly enjoyed and learned from the Toa of Pooh. The Te of Piglet seemed like little more than Mr Hoff's attempt to rub the success of the first book in the face of his critics.The theoretical intention of the book was to explain the concept of Te and applying it to piglet for the western audiance. You could probably sum up everything he had to say about it on one page. Or one quote from the New Testament: &quot;Blessed are the meek.&quot; He didn't really say much more than that on the subject.What the book really seemed to be about was Eeyore. How Eeyore was against him, how Eeyore was wrong, how Eeyore never does anything, how Eeyore started all the wars... I often forgot the book was even supposed to be about piglet.He devotes a lot of time, especially near the end to various political issues, such as the destruction of the redwood forest. A worthy cause, and some of his other's may also be worthy, but he doesn't make it clear at all what any of it has to do with Piglet. He probably should have written a different book entirely.This book was less about Taoism and personal growth than it was a lesson in learning to ignore people who don't agree with you. And if you didn't know Benjamin Hoff Personally, and never told him the idea of the Toa of Pooh was stupid, then the core message wasn't meant for you. To those who is was meant for, allow me to paraphrase: I told you so.
I read this book today only because there was a documentary about J.D. Salinger on Netflix which I watched. What in the hell classifies this as a masterpiece???? It was nothing but boring drivel, about a pompous obnoxious spoiled little rich kid who hates school and everyone in his life but his little sister, his writer-brother and his dead brother. I kept reading to find anything interesting on the pages, it was just monotonous...Obviously, Salinger thought his IQ was too high for anyone else around him, yet, there was no plot, no suspense, no activity really, just his malingering thoughts about everything and everyone. It was a complete WASTE OF MY TIME!!! I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone, unless you want to be bored out of your mind....which I certainly was....Kelly CyrAuthor of &#34;Supreme Love: A Battered Woman's True Story&#34;
John Mortimer wrote a couple of excellent novels and plays - Dunster, Summer's Lease and Voyage Around My Father - but he also wrote a lot of inferior stuff of which this is part.It is subtitled "Another Part of Life" and recounts episodes from Mortimer's life in a way that is meant to be at times amusing and at other times thoughtful and serious, as I suppose the main title is meant to be.If you know anything about Mortimer - who has described every incident in his life in print, on radio and screen, CD etc. over decades of self-publicity - then you will almost certainly be familiar with most of the contents.In fact, several time I found myself saying "Oh no, not this old story about the Old Bailey again or about how an old-fashioned actor fluffed his lines".To make things worse, Mortimer pads things out by telling stories - some of which are apocryphal - that other people like Laurence Olivier and David Niven told him.There is also a lot of luvvy-type gush about his favorite friends in the theatrical and film world, unnecessary coarse vulgarity, e.g. describing some as a "spare prick at a wedding" and an excruciating minute-by-minute account of a trip he made to Australia.If you have a high opinion of Mortimer then give this one a miss and reread one of his better books.
I borrowed this book from my local library e-book format. Thank God I didn't waste my gas to go drive to get it, or worse yet, spend money to purchase it. I did, however, waste precious printer ink to print the first chapter. I was just now on page 10 doing the second set of logic games when I saw that one of the answer choices was "none of the above." Sure enough, that made me think, "hmmm, maybe these questions do not mirror the lsat since that has NEVER been a choice in any practice exam I've taken. I don't want to study the wrong stuff!" I came here to good old Amazon reviews and I was right!That being said, Chapter One didn't impress me even before that episode. The explanations and methods given aren't a match for any of the other books I'm using (Manhattan LSAT, Games Bible (which isn't as good as Manhattan LSAT for all the hype surrounding it), and Master the LSAT).
I gave this book 2 stars, because I reserve 1 star for the books that I stop reading before even getting to the end.  This one I actually finished, even though it took me 10 months to get through the entire thing.  I only read it when I was on travel for work, because I didn't have any desire to pick it up otherwise.In the book, the plot didn't move much past the description on the book jacket, and the lack of plot movement is what made it uninteresting to read.  The prose is very descriptive, but that also has a tendency to slow down the book as well.But my biggest complaint after finishing the book is how much time was spent on describing the indignity of old age, and contemplating impending death, and giving each other enemas, and what it is like for a couple in their seventies to make love, and describing the wrinkly bodies, and the "smell of old age."  I do realize that I will reach a time when this is my reality, but I really didn't want to read about it.  I apologize for bringing it up right now, but since it is my biggest complaint, I felt the need to mention it.Other than that, I found that the main character's obsession with Fermina Daza to be more creepy and sad than romantic, which causes the book to be a failure in the "love story" department.So don't even bother with this one.
I've been reading this slow go stuff for years and I don't find it leads to growth at all, just soreness.  Now, let's take a look at how every major body builder since time began worked and still works.  If you've ever viewed the vids of major body builders doing their workouts not only do they rapidly move the weight from resting to final position but they rarely even do full range of motion on each exerice.  Yes, these guys are all on steriods, but if slow or ultra-slow built bigger muscles faster these guys would be doing them in their workouts, and they aresn't.  The body in nature lifts objects at as rapid rate as possible depending on the weight of the object and strength of the person.  In order to build strength and yes size you need to immitate this behavior in your lifting.  three sets has also been proven superior to a single set for muscle size although not strength.
I was looking forward to reading this book: the idea of creating a pleasant and productive work environment is certainly something that the majority of workers could benefit from. Unfortunately, this book adds little to the debate other than insisting chapter after chapter that treating co-workers and customers with dignity, respect and friendliness makes for a better business. This core idea, repeated endlessly through motivational-poster style one-liners told in the style of fictional third-person prose, is great but the book never delves into the practicalities of making this work in a real business environment.The fictional prose element is really irritating. It makes it hard to find the concrete points that anchor the author's philosophy, and it's simply irrelevant to know that Sophie from Austin - whose father isn't paying child support and hasn't for years - enjoyed the airport because a band was playing and the TSA inspectors were in a good mood, while the wafting smell of authentic Texas barbecue put her in a near-Catatonic state. First, I lived in Texas, and I can tell you that Austin airport is the last place I'd go for anything authentic. But more importantly, this two-dimensional fiction overlaying a business book is completely unhelpful.The other weakness is that in simplifying the problems of running a business to lack of cheer leading results in conclusions that are just plain wrong or redundant. "Gut feelings are never wrong" according to this author (just look at my gut feeling that this book would be good), and gossiping in offices is unproductive (which is true, but the more important question is how to eliminate it). The series of tall tales 'prove' these points but provide no instructional information on how to migrate your organization towards what she is advocating.Basically, although I'm sure the author speaks at many of the Fortune 500 companies, the reader is left with no clear steps to become one of the "many businesses [that] double profits and size within three years". My cynical side suspects that this book is a teaser to drive her consulting business, and it's yet another publication from Financial Times Press that is remarkably thin on actionable content.
The Summons had all the elements of a great page turner. But somehow, somewhere, something went wrong. This time around, Grisham sacrifices content and plot in order to make his yearly contribution to the best seller list.A forty-something man is summoned back to his family home by his dying father. When he gets there, he finds his father dead. As he is waiting for his drug-addicted brother to arrive, he finds over three million dollars hidden inside a dozen boxes. What should he do with the money? Keep it for himself? Do nothing? Tell his brother, who is a drug addict and who will spend the money on drugs and booze?He hides the money while he can take care of his father's estate and decides what to do with it. But of course, somebody else knows about it and wants it. Now, he must find out who that person is before something bad happens.The novel has the potential to be a good page-turner, like Grisham's The Firm or The Partner. But all the characters are so forgettable (the main character, a law professer who makes 150 000 dollars a year keeps reminding us how he doesn't need this money) that the book becomes tedious after a while. And, somehow, Grisham's very distinctive style seems to be missing in this outing. The sentences are always short and the vocabulary is too simple for Grisham. The prose doesn't really have any style. This felt more like a movie outline than a real novel.I had trouble keeping interest while reading The Summons, something that has never happened with Grisham before. Hopefully, this is will be a one-time thing and his next one will be as good as his earlier novels. If not, Grisham will lose one huge fan.
I've read a lot of Hard Case Crime books. Some are vintage 1950s classics of the hard-boiled genre, while others are new published works from some of today's hottest authors. The classics are laced with subdued violence and implied sexuality, while some of the newer books are full of swearing, violence and sex. And, I've enjoyed all of them until now.STRAIGHT CUT by Madison Smartt Bell is a Hard Case Crime book that I just can recommend. It really is a long, meandering mess, and even as I read the final pages, I really didn't quite know for sure what was going on. Tracy seems to be in some sort of love triangle with his wife Lauren and best friend Kevin. As a film editor, he goes to Italy for a job where he gets tangled up in some kind of drug deal.The purpose of this review is simple. If you like Hard Case Crime books, then keep reading them. Just don't choose this one.
I read this twice, the first time expecting it to be the greatest book ever, the second without all the expectations and just for a good read. Both times I was disappointed. Don't understand why a kid with a bad  attitude makes for such a popular book. By page 50, he had me mad at  everything. Maybe I'm shallow, but I don't understand the world's love  affair with Holden Caulifield, nor anything he represents. Sorry.
WEll, I sure wouldn't want to argue with so many favorable opinions, but I just finished reading this book for the first time and I just thought...hmmmm..o.k.  I really was not moved in any way and found the repetitive....&quot;I really did&quot; etc... a little annoying. The relationship Holden had with his sister was a bit strange too.
In this book, the authors try to give High-Frequency Trading (HFT) a bad name.  For example, they tell you the other side of your trade is with a computer (i.e., implying that you are somehow disadvantaged by this) and that the Flash Crash of May 2010 was caused by HFT just being able to pull out (i.e., HFT firms are downright evil).  The authors have apparently been ranting about HFT in the media and this book is pretty much a regurgitation of their prior work on the issue (although there are bits and pieces of independent support that are sometimes given).  The authors try to appeal to people's sense of fairness and pursue a somewhat idyllic goal of having a fair stock market.  However, stock markets were never fair and they never will be as there will always be someone with more information or resources than you (i.e., the regular investor).  This is why investing in stocks is risky.Insufficient emphasis is placed on how HFT and algo trading makes markets more efficient.  For example, the authors seem to argue that being able to identify large trades is a bad thing.  When someone breaks up a large trade, they are trying to keep their actions anonymous so others cannot benefit from the information they have and reduce the price impact of their trade.  However, by being able to identify such large blocks being broken up into pieces, the price can adjust faster to the information contained in those trades and not allow certain investors with asymmetric information to benefit from others' ignorance.At the end of the day, the arguments presented are not persuasive.  As a matter of economics, if these HFT firms are making so much money and with low barriers to entry (If I recall correctly, the authors admit this latter point), competition will increase and shrink margins such that excess profits cannot be earned.  In other words, HFT firms will only end up making a sufficient amount of money to compensate them for the risks they are taking.
My review was originally on the UK site but Ive copied it here to hopefully save some readers from wasting good money on this rubbish.I bought this book after reading the reviews here. I really wish I hadn't wasted the money. Are these other reviewers friends of the authors? I can't imagine how anyone could finish this book let alone enjoy it. The writing is amateurish and overflowing with adjectives, the plot is predictable and the four main characters are so utterly horrible and clich&eacute;d I was hoping the plot 'twist' would be for them all to die in some freak accident. No such luck.The attempts at humour are forced and exaggerated - early in the book one of the women visits her sister in hospital after she has given birth and thinks that her sister resembles a .... "well it was hard not to get an image of scores of exhausted do-gooders trying to push a hapless orca toward a receding sea."Why not just say whale? It actually would have been funnier.I can't bring myself to bother finishing this book as I can't connect with any of the characters but I am fairly confident in predicting that:1. The four sisters will go through some trials and emerge with a new appreciation for each other. (Writing For Beginners rule no 1 - incorporate Conflict-and-Resolution)2. All dull, annoying men will be dumped along the way and all sisters will end up with fulfilled relationships with strong manly handsome men.If you read the other reviews and still remain convinced this book is worth a try please get in touch. You can have my copy for free so you don't waste your money too.
Arthur Conan Doyle was trapped into writing his Sherlock Holmesstories by a voracious populace who wanted more of the detective'sexploits.  It became so burdensome that eventually the author killed off his character, much to the dismay of his public.I think that this is what Harris is trying to do here.  He's saying, &quot;I may be contractually obligated to write another Lecter novel, but nobody said it had to be a *good* one.&quot; He's also saying, &quot;Never again,&quot; by writing his characters into such a box that basically they are unusable for any future books.This book is not without merit, but it is so dreadfully below the standard established by the author in his works &quot;Black Sunday&quot;, &quot;Red Dragon&quot;, and &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, I'm almost inclined to believe he had a ghost writer.  (Almost, but not quite)The tone is *completely* different from the other two serial killer novels, which can not hope but to fail to please his fans.He must have known this.  I refuse to believe that this was anything but an intentional effort to kill off his characters so he wouldn't have to write any more about them.Well, he's succeeded.  I sure as heck don't want to see what happens next to Lecter or Starling.The only recourse, should he choose to pursue it, would be an &quot;Exorcist 3&quot;.  If you recall, after the incredible success of &quot;The Exorcist&quot;, they made a *really* awful sequel, &quot;Exocist 2&quot;, not written by Blatty.  Then later, they made &quot;Exorcist 3&quot; after Blatty's sequel, and pretty much assumed that &quot;Exorcist 2&quot; never happened.Maybe we can pretend that &quot;Hannibal&quot; never happened.  My girlfriend felt so cheated when *she* read the book that she said that she had been &quot;Hanniballed&quot;.  END
I think this is a pretty good book, and I would recommend the print version.  It sounds like the Kindle DX version may also be good.However, the whole point of the book is the worksheets.  I suspect you'll want to photocopy these and play with different options as you figure out how to build your house.The worksheets are pretty much illegible on the original Kindle (1.0 or 2.0), and even on the DX, I think they would be awkward to photocopy.Other than that, this is a reasonably useful book, content-wise.  I also recommend Building Your Own Home for Dummies (Brewster) and Designing Your Own House (Hirsch).  Both of those titles are fine on the Kindle (no worksheets).
What I look forward to in a Crichton novel is his ability to make the  unimaginable seem real, and his ability to create three dimensional  charecters that are ready to step off the page.  That didn't happen here.  It seemed to me that he simply put together a product for the year 2000.  The second star is for the research, not for the plot.  It was predictable,  even as to who would stay behind.  Usally I have to force my self to but  down a Crichton novel, with this one I had force my self to finish.
To start this essay and review I need to tell you what Donald Barthelme was- a fantasist; and a really bad one, at that. I will explain this in the bulk of this piece.But first, I need to briefly tell you the many things he was not, despite the many claims to the contrary by disciples, sycophants, and bad critics.1)  He was not an absurdist. To be an absurdist writer one must actually be contrasting the language and situations presented within your work with norms presented outside the work. In short, there must be reference points within the work, as well as the work actually having a meaning outside its own presented cosmos.2)  He was not a metafictionist. To be a metafictionist the writer must be using the artifice of art within the work itself for the purpose of exploring the boundaries of art, not merely as a self-reflexive piece of vanity.3)  He was not a post-structuralist. To be post-structural a writer must deny objectivity and embrace an ambigual fog. Self-reflexivity posits the self as objectively real. Vanity negates ambiguity.4)  He was not a postmodernist. To be a postmodernist one or all three of the above conditions must be met. Since Barthelme's work was hermetic, self-reflexive, and therefore non-subjective- albeit not empirically objective, he was not postmodern.To top off those four things that Donald Barthelme, as a writer, was not I can also state that he was not a minimalist- for his work often tosses loads of pop cultural and other references at the reader, expecting said reader to decode them; he was not an existentialist- for his work was simply gimmick-ridden; he was not a nihilist- for he put too much effort into promoting his work and theories to be called such.No, as stated, Donald Barthelme was a fantasist- and by that I mean just that, not the oft-termed surrealist, which has almost been shorn of any real meaning, due to its overuse and misuse. In a sense his stories are late 20th Century fairy tales. Except that that area has already been covered by Isaac Bashevis Singer, and better. He is not a humorist, nor a magical realist, for his work simply isn't funny the way a Kurt Vonnegut's is, nor does he even have the `magical' touch of a Gabriel Garcia Marquez. And while technically not a PoMo writer one can see in his rather pallid works the wellspring from which the dreck of a Dave Eggers, Rick Moody, and David Foster Wallace flows.In short, most Barthelmeans realize that the only way for the pieces to work at all is to precondition readers' expectations. This is why virtually every defense of his works tells you what it is about, rather than how he went about it. Because, failing that pink elephant's implantation, most good readers will be scratching their heads. But, if one's only expectations of a writer are a good read, well, you're sunk. Ah, for the days when a fantasist would have a really good idea and execute it from beginning to end, and actually show that he could craft a compelling sentence. Let's see, I've told you much of what he's not- did I mention he's not particularly philosophical, emotional, nor inventive?How about fraud? Well, that's too harsh, right? Maybe he is to serious literature what Weird Al Yankovic is to pop music. No, even that's too praising, for Weird Al was occasionally clever. Reading a Barthelme collection only heightens how absolutely bereft of cleverness he was. Did I say repetitive? Derivative? I think I covered that with the Kenneth Patchen mention. Influential? Well, David Foster Wallace has made some beaucoup bucks- but is that anything to be proud of?In closing, let me close with a quote from the man himself, from his 1989 New York Times obituary: `Art is not difficult because it wishes to be difficult, rather because it wishes to be art. However much the writer might long to straightforward, these virtues are no longer available to him. He discovers that in being simple, honest, straightforward, nothing much happens.' Now, really read the Freudian implications of that statement and you will understand that this was actually Barthelme's closeted mea culpa for not having a clue as to how to write well and wanting his readers to ignore that fact. Like I said, he was a fantasist; and a really bad one, at that.
It took some doing to get through this novel.  The main question that kept hitting me as I carefully read this book was: What kind of people actually think and speak in the kind of overdone, conflagration of semi-metaphysical adjectives that Delillo puts into his character's minds and mouths?  The different threads of the story do not come together in the end, so there's a great sense of randomness in this novel.  Further, Delillo repeats ideas, I assume, in order to make his point; but I felt a bit belittled intellectually by this.  For example, in his brief section about how the crowds are going crazy trying to keep Khomeini's body out of the grave, Delillo keeps telling us over and over again what the purpose is for these people acting the way they do.  It just seems like Delillo was trying too hard.
The book only gives a glimpse of Mckinsey framework and severely lack any indepth insight. You wont find any case studies or examples of its usage.
Unlike the TV series, this character has nothing going for him.  At his second belting of a woman I'd had enough - should have stopped at the first.
"Thus Spoke Adolf Hitler". It was because of this book and Mein Kampf, the Nazis came into power, the nazi superman, ubermensch. Adolf Hitler, influenced by this book, created his idea for the Aryan superman. It is a known fact this book was widely distributed to Nazi soldiers, especially officers. His teachings were also taught in the Hitlerjugend institutions. "Triumph of the Will", "Will to Power", all Neitschze, all nazism. This book is all nazi propaganda.  Another book recommendation to read in combination with studies of Neitschze philosophy:  "NIETZSCHE, PROPHET OF NAZISM : THE CULT OF THE SUPERMAN; Unveiling the Nazi Secret Doctrine", by Abir Taha
I read this book months ago, but I couldn't bear to think about it long enough to write a review.  Even now, it's hard, so here's the short version:I loved this book for the first half, and even longer (subtracting a little heavy-handedness, no pun intended, on Jamie's part).  It was well on its way to becoming one of my favorite books of all time.  ...Until I got to the end.***Spoiler alert***The sexual and physical torture of Jamie by another man was absolutely horrifying.  It made me sick with rage.  I could not comprehend how the author could do that to him.  And the detail she went into...my heavens!  Ughhhhh!!!  Needless to say, I can't forgive Diana Gabaldon for doing that to Jamie.  I'll certainly never read another one of her books, ever again.
I found this book rather blah.  It really didn't get into the heart of communicating with your baby with signs.  I dealt more with using general signs for cat, dog, phone, etc.  I returned it and bought &quot;Sign With Your Baby&quot;.  MUCH more indepth.
I read "The Mists of Avalon" a number of years ago and was, to say the least, underwhelmed. But I certainly understand why it became a best-seller: it was a thinly-veiled radical feminist, neo-pagan, anti-Christian screed. And I'm saying this as an agnostic, almost atheistic, Jewish woman who is certainly not anti-feminist. I'm very glad to see that a number of other readers -- though too small a fraction of the 700+ reviewers here -- share my opinion.Others have mentioned the factual arguments against "Mists": that by the time Arthur supposedly lived, Britain was already mostly Christian; that the "matriarchy" allegedly embraced by everyone in Europe before those eeeeevil Xtians came along has been greatly exaggerated by feminist scholars; and that paganism had its own shortcomings, notably human sacrifice. Everyone knows that the Church burned millions of "witches" in the Middle Ages; fewer know that the pagan Celts often locked their human sacrifices in giant wicker cages and burned them to death therein.I don't recall all that much about the female protagonists Morgaine, Morgause, Igraine, and Viviane, except that there was a fair amount of whining and other uncommendable behavior. I do recall, however, Bradley's malicious trashing of her male characters and also Guinevere ("Gwenhwyfar," which is the original Welsh spelling). Arthur, as someone else mentioned, is [so weak] that you wonder how such a character might have ruled a lemonade stand, let alone a  feud-rent nation of disparate clans and tribes. Lancelot has about as much depth as a male Calvin Klein underwear model. Gwenhwyfar's father is the typical insensitive, domineering patriarch. And so on and so forth.The only man I seem to remember NOT getting savaged was Merlin -- and I'm hardly commending MZB's treatment of him, as he was reduced to nothing more than the doddering living representative of the Horned God with whom the priestesses mated during the fertility festivals. From Bradley's book, you'd never know of the awe-inspiring figure Merlin has traditionally cut as sorceror, sage, and protector of the infant Arthur.But the worst-treated character by far in "Mists" is Gwenhwyfar, who is little but stereotype: that of the nave, narrow-minded, puritanical, high-strung, and ultimately deceitful Christian woman. Nobility and royalty are of course no guarantee of anyone's character, but highborn women of Britain and Europe (at least until Victorian times) were generally raised to command large corps of servants, oversee their many and varied duties, take charge when the men were away at war, and certainly pitch in with the work themselves. You'd think that a woman who in legend was queen for some 20 years, and whose country was in her day at the outer reaches of civilization, would have more resourcefulness, practicality, spine, and shrewdness, even if she wasn't an admirable character.Other readers have taken Bradley to task for the incest scenes, not realizing that Arthur's coupling with his half-sister (Morgause and Morgaine are sometimes merged into one character, as in Mary Stewart's books) that produces Mordred is central to the legend. Totally foreign to it, however, is the m&eacute;nage-&agrave;-trois between Arthur, Gwenhwyfar, and Lancelot, justified in their minds by Arthur's inability to impregnate his wife. Though that scene mercifully stops short before Bradley could get into any graphic detail, to me it symbolizes everything that's wrong with this novel: the legend's best-known characters, already repeatedly depicted as lily-livered, are now painted as amoral hypocrites, just so Bradley can make the other female characters into heroines for the age of political correctness.And, like just about any book that runs for 800-odd pages and six decades, "Mists" is too damn long and rambling -- it's the "Shogun" or "War and Peace" of Arthurian fantasy. I wonder if Bradley's editor(s) simply trusted her work based on her reputation and didn't bother to examine it too closely, perhaps fearing that such a superstar of fantasy wouldn't have brooked the severe editing job the book badly needed, and just might have taken it to another publishing house out of pique.Given all the five-star reviews, I doubt my opinion will sway any of its fans among the teeny pagan set, or among adult women who loved it *because* of its polemics. So let me reiterate what others have suggested: that they read other retellings of the story such as Gillian Bradshaw's "In Winter's Shadow" (told from Gwenhwyfar's viewpoint); Mary Stewart's Arthurian tetralogy; Diana L. Paxson's own series on the subject, as well as her novel "The White Raven" (a reworking of the Tristan and Iseult romance narrated by Iseult's handmaiden); and, finally, a book by a (gasp!) male author, Parke Godwin, called "Firelord," which is from Arthur's perspective but is highly sympathetic to "Morgana," as he calls her.
This book was an OK read. If you have the common sense of how to put a baby to bed, it really won't help you. It did have a few good ideas example: Give the child a lovee, like a lamb or music maker to sleep with everynight and the child will become more relaxed and dependant on it instead of you when he/she wakes in the night. That's about it, the rest was common sense things like give him a passy, rock him , feed him etc.
First of all, please do not underestimate this review..even though it is my first one and even though it comes out from Saudi Arabia!I didn't want to write a review at all because I thought others would probably figure out what I found in this book and write it. however, I was irritated by the last review and want just to name an example of how far from the truth, the word "honest" is.When we read about an indicator established and "proven" by a writer and a trader you and I expect it to work... of course not 100%, we all know that, but certainly not less than 50% so:The "Scalper" explained here has less than this ratio..I have tested the indicator using excel workbook "very easy by the way" using historical data of 2000 bar--5 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour and 24 hours and here are the interesting results "for 24 hours":***73 losing trades for 35 working ones using exactly his setup!!!!! ***With other timeframes, results were very similiar..For those of you who already bought the book, test what I am saying before starting realy depending on this book. For others who still think, A word of advice: don't buy it! I doupt all his indicators after that.Furthermore, the author very uncommonly states he never use stops with this indicator "and sometimes with others" when trading intradaily -less than 60 minutes- , never trail stop "which he also makes with other indicators", and never takes a partial profit until the reversal "close" signal is finally there!! Just go ahead and test how many winning trades with his system turned into a big loss, when you follow these rules...I have learned a very beautiful rule written by a much better author"A. Elder": "a profissional trader will never let a winning trade turns into a losing one!"Nevertheless, the chapters about seting up the hardware and the software, in addition to others about trading plan were good!P.S.When I enter a trade at 1.2054 and exit at 1.2153, I get a gain of 99 pips and not 119 as mentioned in page 219 in his book!! my stop at 1.2134 has nothing to do with my exit! When writing a book and illustrating one of our trades as an example, do we calculate or we are just supposed to COPY what is already there in our trading records ?!! Has the author been calculating the result, while he was writing the book?!! Honest ? I doupt.
Perahaps 30 pages of the book have anything to do with medical billing or coding.  The rest of the book presents a summary of everything from telephone etiquette to the duties of the office manager.  This is really more of a sloppily written introduction to running the front end of a medical practice than it is a serious introduction to medical billing and coding.  As such the book is really only of value to someone thinking of pursuing a job in medical practice management and just wants to get an idea of what it's all about.  It's of little value for anyone actually trying to figure out how medical billing and coding actually works.
When all you have is hope, hope is all that you need.
I'm surprised that someone so seemingly intelligent does not know that stories and specific examples are what make a book interesting. This book was totally devoid of them. Instead, it used vague generalizations from beginning to end. I read the whole book and was waiting for it to get good. It never did. Don't waste your time or your money. Any positive review must have been written by the author's friends. I would rather eat cardboard than read this book again.
The ridiculous part is that the Kindle edition costs more than the hardcover.  I was planning on buying a Kindle but this is total stupidity on the part of Amazon.  It costs far less to download a digital copy than it does to print a book.  I'll stick with hard or soft covers.
This novel is a load of sexist masochistic drivel. The only good thing about this book is that the pages tore quite easily and made excellent lining in my parakeet's cage.
I tried for 4 tapes to get interested in this book and could not do it.  I put it up and tried again later and still thought it was one of the books that I would throw away.  Wasted money.  I never did finish it.  My daughter read the book and she didn't finish it either.
I borrowed "The Mists of Avalon" on audio book at my local library. Since it was read by one of my favorite narrators, Davina Porter, I thought I would have a grand time. I was looking forward to this version of the Arthurian tale. I was really disappointed, however, and did not finish the second book (nor did I read the next two volumes).My main critic is that all the female characters, without exception, whine constantly about a variety of topics: not beautiful enough, not powerful enough, not loved enough, etc. For a book about supposedly powerful women who shaped the world and took control of their destiny, they sure lament a lot. This litany of lamentations goes on and on to the point of boredom and exasperation. It would have been nice to feel a little empowerment here and there! I took a particular dislike to Gwynivere, Arthur's wife, with her narrow minded, self-centered and frankly bigot attitude.I felt let down by the author and hope this is not a reflection of her view of women in general.
This book isn't terrible but it's just such a dissapointment compared to the Silence of the Lambs. In the Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal was a dangerous threat but in this one Clarice Starling has to save his life. Kind of weird. Also, the book progresses very slowly and just isn't interesting.In this one, Hannibal is loose and everyone is trying to find him. The ending is absolutely horrid and makes no sense. It's such a letdown to me after the brilliant Silence of the Lambs. Read the Silence of the Lambs but forget about this book.If you want a pretty good movie, watch Hannibal the movie. But ONLY IF YOU HAVE A STRONG STOMACH. The movie's a lot better and Ridley Scott's ending is a lot better than Thomas Harris's.You'll be thinking: is this by the awesome author that wrote the amazing Silence of the Lambs? No, it can't be. Oh, yes it is. A major letdown. This book is a mess.
I thought I liked Hemingway, I have read several of his books, but this one never seems to get started. I got through 20% of the book between dozing off out of boredom. All I got out of it was boring conversation between boring people. Not what I would call a fun read.
"Welcome to the Poorhouse" appears to reflect the perspective of aging Baby Boomers (Ms. White was born in 1948) who are dissatisfied with their economic situation and looking for scapegoats and/or a fix.Thus, as stated on page 187: "We are now witnessing an era in America in which many of its citizens have never been poorer, with 80% of them unable to retire, half unable to afford what now amount to overpriced homes - and therefore losing out on a vital retirement asset - and millions paying through the nose for higher education and healthcare. We need a new American revolution against the business lobby and those in Washington who enable it and do its bidding."Four problem areas (not including healthcare) are covered: (1) inadequate savings to retire, (2) high cost of a college education (for the children), (3) ruinous credit card debt, and (4) "real campaign reform." The basic pitch is that the government should fix everything, but that, while awaiting relief, people should manage their own lives better.Re public policy, I am not in synch with White's political views, far from it, but let's not get into that. Suffice it to say the book fails to acknowledge that the government will not be able to honor the fiscal promises it has already made, let alone doing a whole lot more. Who says so? Bona fide fiscal experts, such as David Walker, formerly the U.S. Comptroller General and now CEO of the Peterson Foundation. And based on their assessment of the government's fiscal situation, some policy ideas seem like nonstarters, e.g., "no family earning $60,000 or less should have to pay anything for college" (p. 127).Now granted, the author does not say the government must necessarily pay for everything outright. When it comes to college education, for instance, she would have the government provide low interest rate student loans (to replace both private lending and Sallie Mae) that would be repaid in due course, pressure colleges to provide more generous grants, and hike the top income tax rate on high earners to 70%. But here again, such actions would not be without consequences. Tax high earners at a 70% marginal rate, for instance, and in an increasingly global economy they might decide to go somewhere else. Just ask politicians in New York, where a lot of millionaires have been pulling up stakes.When the focus shifts to personal financial management, White seems more practical. For example, she observes that it takes a good deal of money to retire and live comfortably. If you do not have enough, it may be necessary to keep working past 65 or lower your expectations - unpalatable though this might be. Do not panic and sell your stocks in a downturn. Shift towards bonds vs. equities as you near retirement age, not based on what the stock market is doing. Contribute the maximum to your 401(k) account. Keep transaction costs down on your portfolio, e.g., by investing in index funds vs. managed funds. Don't borrow from your 401(k).Most of the personal planning suggestions make sense, but they also seem rather obvious and mechanical. I did not notice a single point that seemed genuinely novel or thought provoking.In summary, "Welcome to the Poorhouse" combines thoughts on public policy with personal financial advice, which often do not mesh very well. It is not fun to read, and I doubt the book will prove useful for readers.
These accolades of Benedict XVI are clearly by those who fail to understand his horrid background.  As John Paul II's orthodoxy enforcer, Ratzinger was affectionately known as "god's rottweiler."  As John Paul's henchman, he undid much of the advances of Vatican II, silenced progressive theologians, and penned vicious attacks against gay and lesbian people (remember the 1986 Halloween massacre?).  The selection of Ratzinger is for me proof positive that the appointment of a pope is nothing more than politics, and arrogance -- hardly "God's Choice".  These are dark days for the church.
I agree with other who gave this a one star.  The story.... eh---- I vacilate between seeing the hero as a dirty old, gieser, and a hopeless romantic.  I really had to push myself to get through it.
Not what I had expected or my style of writing. Did not keep my interest very slow and some what boring
A sweet story in many ways,but it was frustrating to read through the main character's stupidity.  I do like the author's writing style.
To paraphrase someone else's comment: an emperor with no clothes - possibly better than one with.  I can only think he won the Pulitzer out of the committee's mis-guided sympathy for a seriously disturbed mother.
this was a little too macabre for my taste.  I like other books by Ian McEwan. good writing, ugly subject.
The beauty of Michael Crichton novels is he is almost always able to blend science and personality into a creative adventure that makes you think and feel at the same time.  Sadly, that's not on display here.  While the concept is interesting, the science is dense and full of holes (at least in my mind).  The adventure was present but there wasn't any actual drama.  The outcome was very predictable and the antagonists were very cookie cutter.  Overall, this is a huge step down from most Crichton novels I've read.
Besides the stupid time-travel premise:predictable set pieces;characters from type casting;slow moving;poor, repetitive writing.Why does anyone like this book enough to stay with it?
I realize that we are talking about a different time and a different culture. And although I really savored the lushness of the writing and the mood it created, Florentino truly made my skin crawl, even before I discovered that he was a pedophile.Having suffered the unwanted attentions of a stalker almost 20 years ago, I found it hard to sympathize with him even early in the book, but the seduction of his 14 year-old ward, and the ridiculous, ego-maniacal conceit that the girl enthusiastically submitted to the sexual attentions of a bald, toothless, myopic, smelly and intestinally incontinent old man 60+ years her senior is ridiculous. The icing on this rather unpalatable cake is the paragraph slipped in rather late in the book where he casually admits to raping a servant girl, impregnating her and then paying off someone to take the blame for him. Loathsome.For these reasons, I cannot give it the higher recommendation the writing deserves. What was Oprah thinking?
The text is wonderful. The publisher has failed to recognize and harness what ebooks are about. The text is unreadably small, and moving from page to page is cumbersome. If I can find an alternate, I will be seeking a refund.
I grew up in a Jewish neighborhood in Brooklyn, NY in the 1930s and 1940s - well after the time Cahan depicts, which was in fact the generation of my grandparents, who came over at the very same time as the protagonist of this book. They too spoke Yiddish, as indeed my father did until he entered elementary school, upon which his parent told him to speak English and only English. He did and became a doctor. He also became an officer in the US Army during WWII and afterwards the National Surgeon of the Jewish War Veterans - my mother's brother, also a doctor, was a full colonel.So, do I recognize the people and events depicted in this book? Uniformly nasty, rude, dishonest people, men who treated their wives like inferior beings, women who humiliated their husbands in public, teachers who beat their students as a matter of course? Quite the opposite. My parents, and the parents of my friends, treated each other with respect and affection - I never heard anything like the insults which pass for conversation in this book. For some, life was hard - my neighborhood included doctors and lawyers (a few of each) but mostly butchers and grocers and cab drivers and teachers. But, as far as I knew or know, they were honest, decent people who cared for their children (and all the children in the neighborhood - I couldn't get away with anything while on every stoop sat women who would call my mother at the slightest hint I was doing something dangerous, like crossing the street without looking both ways, or riding my tricycle in the gutter). After the war, many DPs (Displaced Persons), Jews who had been liberated from the camps, came and were cared for by people with very little to spare. My father examined recruits for the Palmach, the predecessor of the IDF (Israeli Defense Force), and he and his friends gave money to help the settlements in Palestine, but they never remotely considered emigrating; they were, one and all, American  superpatriots.Now, can I say categorically that the people Cahan portrays never existed? As I was not born yet, of course not. But they do not think or act like any of the people I knew from my grandparents' generation (the same as Cahan's characters') to my parents' or mine. In fact, if I did not know the author was a founder and editor of the Jewish Daily Forward, the Yiddish newspaper all the Jewish immigrants, including my grandparents, read, I would count him a rabid anti-Semite, his diatribe suitable for serialization in Der St&uuml;rmer (the nastiest of the Nazi newspapers, and that's saying something). I can only therefore conclude that such people existed at that time and in that place, but I am morally certain they did not constitute most of those people, or anything like a representative sample, which anyone reading this book might easily assume.For the rest, it's poorly written, replete with phrases which fall awkwardly on the American ear. Most of all, it's extremely unpleasant. Life if too short to spend any part of it in this company.
I saw the Greta Garbo movie of this about a week before I started reading it, and by all means the screenplay was more coherent. Some things were changed in the film (her husband is stabbed in a riot, rather than succumbing to the cholera outbreak, and there is no hint of her pregnancy, so far as I could tell). It is not clear in the film whether he is going to die, whereas in the book he definitely dies.Also, there is a dramatic scene between the Chinese military commander (played by Warner Oland, who portrayed Charlie Chan in many films) of the area and Walter (Kitty's husband). Walter tells the commander to burn down the villagers' houses to clean them of the cholera, and he hesitates, then finally orders them burned. The disorder and conflict that occurs are a nice dramatic touch, and this is not in the book at all. The screenplay was by a long shot better dramatically.Maugham spends a lot of time describing Kitty's interactions with the nuns and some with the orphans, her reactions to her environment and the countryside, but almost none on her husband, who dies out of nowhere. No time is spent on him to speak of, which is an astonishing oversight, in my opinion. If Kitty were a more interesting character, this would be justified, but she's shallow, self-absorbed, and impulsive. The worst sin a writer can commit is to leave the reader bored, and that is what he does. Why dwell on this shallow woman? Why spend so much time on the nuns?I am in agreement with the writer of another two-star review here, whose reactions were almost identical to mine:"I found the story uninteresting and for the most part uneventful. The Painted Veil is about a one-dimensional, self-absorbed woman. She has an affair with man just like herself. She is married to a simple, self-restrained man who could prove interesting in the story but the writing stays with this boring woman. She has a few experiences that seem to change her and makes her aware that other people in the world exist and have feelings beside her. But alas, she proves to be the same self absorbed woman that she always was but with her new realization she now feels bad about it."The film is more dramatically coherent, more complete.The book leaves you oddly dissatisfied, and you feel that you have just wasted your time.Where's the moral? I don't see it.Also, many typos and odd constructions makes you wonder if the editor or author was at fault.
May ideas are unrealistic.  I don't plan on flipping my house but wanted to kow what things to do while I am in it to increase the value long-term.  The book focuses on advertising and leveraged financing.
Tortilla Flat isn't so much a novel as a set of interconnected stories.  A lot has been made of how it is supposedly based on the legends of King Arthur and the knights of the Round Table, but that is only true in the same sense as (and to a lesser extent than), say, Joyce's Ulysses is based on Homer's Odyssey.*Spoiler Alert*It tells the story of a group of bums, one of whom, Danny, inherits a couple of houses from his uncle.  He rents the second house to his friends, but they accidentally burn it down while drunk and all move in with him.  They literally do nothing but drink wine, and try to figure out ways to get more wine (without having to pay for it).At the end, Danny's friends actually work for an entire day(!) so they can throw him a big party to try and get him out of the funk he's fallen into.  It works, and at the party Danny becomes his old self again.  But, when the party gets out of hand and turns violent, Danny is killed in a drunken accident.  His friends do not attend his funeral, instead burning his house down on purpose.In spite of all this, or rather because of it, Steinbeck clearly wants us to admire these characters.  He is not being satirical when he compares them to Arthur and his knights.  Hell, Danny isn't just Arthur, he's practically Jesus...after all, Christ and his disciples were basically a bunch of bums (who loved wine) too!As you can probably guess, I'm not very sympathetic to the view of life Steinbeck presents here.  But Tortilla Flat is at least better as literature than, say, The Grapes of Wrath (though not as good as, say, East of Eden).  You'd be slightly better off reading Steinbeck's later work Cannery Row, though, which is basically the same book, but some of the stories are a bit more amusing and the ending isn't quite as horrible (though it's nearly as pointless).
What can I say?  It was the required text for my daughter's art class for school.  She is not into art (the class is required for El. Ed. majors) so already she wasn't thrilled with it.  On top of it is very technical.  Perhaps a great book for an art lover, but very daunting for the non-artist who must  use the book.
I feel a little bad giving this book a poor rating because of its subject matter. I just felt it didn't go into the characters and experiences enough. I felt it ended too quickly and didn't stand out.
It was not the kind of book I was expecting.Kind of disappointing.  It's meaning was pretty obscure , not fiction or faantasy, just off the wall.
Daniel Dennett's excellent book Consciousness Explained extracts a very funny cartoon from Scientific American, in which two professors stare at a blackboard showing a formula full of complex algebra. In the middle of the formula appears the sentence, "THEN A MIRACLE OCCURS". One professor points to the statement and says to the other, "I think you should be more explicit here in step two."Roger Penrose isn't just any old boffin: he is the Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at Oxford University and has been knighted for his services to Science. The Emperor's New Mind is his attempt to crack that perennial philosophical chestnut, the Consciousness/Artificial Intelligence problem. Penrose's view is that Strong AI is simply wrong and that a computer could never replicate (functionally or actually) what we know as "consciousness".Right. Take a deep breath here. For it's a scary thing for a mere mortal (with a decidedly ordinary bachelor's degree in the humanities) to say something like this about the one of the cleverest men on the planet, but I can't see any way around it: In this book Roger Penrose completely, totally, misses the point. Insofar as it's considered an entry on the Consciousness/AI debate, The Emperor's New Mind - all 583 pages of it - is all but worthless.There. I said it.Then again, nearly 500 of those pages don't even purport to be about consciousness, so perhaps all is not lost. Instead, they contain an extremely dense, at times fascinating, but uniformly (and I use the word deliberately) dazzling overview of the more esoteric parts of modern mathematics, physics and cosmology. While Penrose thinks it is necessary background, it isn't - it amounts to an extremely long winded appeal to authority:One is left with the firm impression that the Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at Oxford University is a very, very smart chap, and that one really ought to see that what ever he says goes. This is no small irony, given the title of his book. For if anyone is holding himself out as being a tailor purveying a cloth that only the cleverest people can see, it's Roger Penrose.Here's where I think he goes wrong. Firstly, his attempt to undermine the AI position is founded on purely mathematical reasoning. Pure mathematics is a closed logical system. Its truths aren't falsifiable, so by themselves have no explanatory force. Mathematical statements (such as "1+1=2") are necessarily true for all time and all universes so, ipso facto, they can't - by themselves - tell us anything about any particular universe. Yet that is just what Penrose asks them to do. He invokes G&ouml;del's theorem of undecidability, perhaps to counter the argument I have just made, but it isn't convincing - being logically unable to prove all truths in a particular set (even though you know they are true) is very different from being able to falsify them. Without that power, you have no explanatory traction in the outside world.  Penrose's entire attack on Strong AI is based on an unfalsifiable, and therefore non-content carrying, argument.Another error is to assume an algorithm must have been designed for the purpose for which it is used, and must work perfectly to be of any use. Natural selection illustrates that this is simply not the case. An algorithm may have a number of useful unintended by-products, and an algorithm can be extremely useful even when we know it to be completely misconceived at every level: take Newtonian mechanics as a good example. We've known for a century it isn't correct but in most practical circumstances it works fine.Which brings me to my next point: for all the learning Penrose includes on Mandelbrot sets, phase space, entropy and Hawking Radiation, The Emperor's New Mind is conspicuous for what it leaves out: The bibliography contains no reference to Karl Popper nor the general philosophy of science - which might have helped him on the issue of falsifiability - nor crucially to a number of writers who have been very influential on the modern mind/AI question: Daniel Dennett is barely mentioned (Dennett's writing probably represents the "forefront" of the consciousness debate), nor is Richard Dawkins well-referenced, despite having written compellingly (and, being a zoologist, with a great deal more expertise) on the question of algorithms in natural selection. Indeed, Penrose doesn't clearly present the arguments of any particular supporter of strong AI, but rather chooses to generalise loosely as if he is convinced his mathematical deductions can carry the day, and that AI doesn't present a significant challenge. Douglas Hofstadter is given a little space, and John Searle and his largely discredited Chinese Room Experiment a fair space, but other than that the only philosopher Penrose seems to be aware of is Plato.Another thinker Penrose doesn't seem familiar with is William of Occam. Instead of doing some background reading (and applying a little common sense), Penrose has launched a theory which (as he proudly proclaims) takes us to the ends of time and the universe and back to the smallest subatomic particles to explain (in ways he freely admits he doesn't understand) an everyday, prosaic (but still extremely hard to grasp) phenomenon. In its interstellar journey Penrose's theory drifts very close to dualism, and close (but not quite so close, perhaps) to positing (or needing) some sort of God to work. That will give succour in some quarters, but not the ones Penrose has in mind, I suspect.Occam's Razor would require that such untestable and speculative suppositions be rejected unless no other explanation is available. Penrose would protest there are none; Dennett, Dawkins, Hofstadter and their colleagues and adherents (including me) would beg to differ, and point to a lot of literature that Penrose hasn't read. In any case one would think that Penrose's own intuition (which he claims helps him to see truth despite G&ouml;del undecidability!) ought to help him see his theory is, as Jeremy Bentham would say, "nonsense on stilts".Ultimately, when Penrose says "quantum theory explains consciousness" he is really saying no more than "something magic happens!" or even "THEN A MIRACLE OCCURS".Mr Penrose, I think you should be more explicit here in step two.Olly Buxton
Maybe it's because the exam has changed since this book was written. But this book is very dangerous.If you took the CISSP exam and could refer to this book in the exam - but it was your only source - you would flunk the exam. It flat-out does not cover areas of knowledge that the exam asks questions on. (And also covers a number of areas that the exam never touches on.)The danger is if the book was your main basis for the exam, you will walk in to the exam totally unprepared. (I can't give specifics because you sign a confientiality agreement when taking the exam.)My suggestion for taking the CISSP exam; 1) Exam prep alone won't do it - you need to be an experienced security professional to take this test (that's what saved my a**). 2) Get a prep book that was written recently (I am assuming the problem with this book is that the areas being tested has changed).And good luck with the test.
Recognizing that this author is of a totally different background and culture then I am, it was difficult for me to keep immersed in this as a love story.  It had many twists and angles, but as for it being the true, undying love story of which I am usually attracted to, it didn't do it for me, and I am a Senior and can  understand that Seniors can still love and feel passion.  So I didn't really enjoy it.
It's a ok book if you are good in math, otherwise find something else. My class found it very difficult to understand. The arrangement of the book is difficult to understand.
This book did not have many useful phrases.  Many were along the lines of "I know how you feel".  How do you know how others feel?  Also it was not formatted well for Kindle.  Many of the "Quick Tips" were cut off because the boxes didn't fit the Kindle screen.  Also, a large portion of several pages was just eh same 2008 copyright information over and over again.If you want good books on this type of material look at "Crucial Conversations" and Crucial Confrontations".  They are both exceptionally good.
I listened to this in an unabridged audio edition, which means it is difficult to skip over the parts that bore. Audio makes the style of a book more important. Madame Bovary is wonderful on audio. In contrast, this book was excruciating. It was only for lack of anything more interesting to read in long trips, through rural areas with no cell phone or radio reception, that this audiobook ever got a listen (as well as stupid frugality that hates to let an almost $30 audiobook be wasted).The story itself was moderately interesting, the premise being that the husband is a time traveler who first meets his future wife when she is six and then comes back into her (and later their) life when he is older or rarely, younger. Plot is more important than characterization. I'm ok with plot-driven novels, but then the plot has to be good. Many plot driven stories have reasonable characterizations. This one is based on the time travel conceit. The plot points rate as mildly interesting, at best. One doesn't get much of a sense of Clare or any of the other characters. There are parts that pass for characterization but they did not ring true.Henry ends up naked after each of his travels. Assuming time travel could occur, it is possible that one would arrive unclothed. The problem with this choice by the author is that Henry's actions are limited to those that he can perform naked or by stealing clothing. At the beginning of every adventure, he has to find clothes (luckily, we are spared the description of each clothes-finding adventure). There are a few interesting experiences where this nakedness is important. At the end there are some heart-warming scenes of Henry teaching someone else the skills they need and which he learned by these experiences.There is little selectivity in which details are included. T paraphrase:  Henry turned the doorknob, walked in, walked down the hall. They make coffee, Clare stirred in cream, she put the cream back in the refrigerator. (Since the book is on audio, hard to find quotes). As an antidote to this book, it was necessary to go to the bookstore and buy a book by F. Scott Fitzgerald. In one page, he can convey as much atmosphere, character, etc. as 100 pages of TTW.Meals are given a leading role, but the many food episodes are not used to characterize the subject, for atmosphere, or for anything else except to add apparently random details. When reading, this can be skipped. On audio, one needs to listen to every excruciating detail of Clare or Henry's mundane meals. The author seems so obsessed with food that I wondered whether the author had some type of eating disorder. Perhaps the author can use some earnings from this book to explore some more exotic cuisines, such as Indian food, or vegan food, for her next book so that, if readers need to listen to food descriptions, at least it will be interesting food.That said, if you are stuck in an airport, there are probably (a few) worse things to read. Maybe it will be a bad month for feature articles in magazines. Apologies in advance to those who loved this book. This book might be fun or interesting but with so many excellent books these days and limited time, I wouldn't pick this one up unless there is nothing better around and definitely don't listen to the audio.
I actually read this book quite a few years ago and have forgotten most of the premise- so you can take this review with a grain of salt if you will.  I remember a balloon accident and a stalker and a wife and shady phone calls and that's about it.  Despite the foggy memory of the specifics of the book I will never forget the way the book made me feel.  I strongly disliked the tone of the book and the one word I used to describe the feeling of it to my book club was PRETENTIOUS.  I couldn't separate the author from the main character and remember thinking that the author must be a narcissistic snob who has lead a very safe life and never experienced great love or tragedy or strong emotion of any kind (things that often make a great writer) and so must try to imagine what these things feel like- failing miserably in the process.
The concept of different swing planes is a breakthrough for instruction on the golf swing.  Jim Hardy is a very reputable golf instructor.  I found the DVD set to be very professionally done, but to contain too much explanation.  While there are a number of examples and demonstrations of the principles that are presented, after more than 30 minutes of viewing, I found it very difficult to remain attentive to Jim's talkative teaching style.  My 2-star rating applies more to the method of presentation than to these remarkable concepts.  Other more skilled golfers than I have told me that they LOVE the DVD series.  I suspect that experienced, skilled students of this very demanding sport will too.  As for me, a high handicapper who has been playing regularly for less than a year, I found it to be "too much".
Blah, blah, blah. After plowing through the lengthy intro info, I started into the &#34;meat&#34; of it. Oh, no. It's Son of Jonathan LIvingston Seagull. Sorry. I haven't read the whole thing. Couldn't do it. Must  put  down....
This book will give you a headache and make your eyes blur. Totally no focus whatsoever and written like a dictionary. Basically it is still up to you to figure affiliate marketing out cause she ain't telling.WASTE OF MY $15
The kindle intro to this book is very decepting. Take the time to browse through the index and you see what I mean. You will get a very basic intro into commodities (how to choose a broker, how the first futures emerged, etc.).There is absolutely nothing about strategies with commodities in the book so I personally could not take anything from it.And it is a very thin book, easy to digest in a single evening...Lucerne, 5.6.2010Stephan Wiesner
I would to agree with one of the negative reviews that Mr. Bing may not have fully understood Machiavelli. He may have read him thoroughly but he doesn't really seem to get what his aim was. Enemies in the days of the Medici were real and the lust for power was not guided by lawful means. You even had to watch your drink. Machiavelli was writing in those days where ruthlessness ensured survival for Il Principe.Its nonetheless an amusing book. I have a boss who happens to be a nice guy so its better to share him the book than throw it at him. I do recognize though that narcissistic individuals are bloodthirsty and ruthless. I meet these people but luckily they are not in positions of power.It has its moments. A good single pass would do.
After reading the Godfather, I felt another Mafioso story from Puzo would be fantastico, but it was unbelievably boring! I was considering dumping it halfway through the book, but I stuck with it. It doesn't get any better -  there is hardly any action only a couple of interesting plots. Apart from  that, it is pure money &amp; sex - a Jackie Collins novel with a Mafia  family here and there.If you are looking for a good Mafia book, stay  away from this offering from Puzo.Re-read The Godfather!
An entire novel centered on the unrealistic, flimsy idea that a man getting erections will attract missiles? Some missiles may be heat seaking but the temperature of blood found in the groin during erections is no longer near the degree it takes to attract heat seaking weaponry. Get your facts right, Pynchon. A scientist you ain't. As for the books social commentary on a whole, I can say this: I have not read the book, but I watched the film, and to be blunt, I've seen better film on teeth. Pick up a classic Steven King novel like IT instead of this pretentious crud.
Like many other physicists, I consider Penrose's achievements in proving singularity theorems, and his work with Hawking on black holes as a crowing achievement of classical gravity. It may be safely said that Penrose brought tools into General Relativity that we needed desperately in the 60s and 70s.I also hugely enjoyed reading his popular book "Emperor's New Mind" so I decided to read up his new book "Road to Reality". Most of the book deals with basic mathematics which may be useful for laymen, but I cannot comment on those parts since I skipped them entirely. My comments pertain to aspects of Physics that Penrose discusses, specifically when he expounds on EPR paradox, state vector reduction, gravity's possible role in state reduction, and in later chapters when Penrose expresses his misgivings against string theory. First I must say that a majority of the discussion on state vector reduction in this book is very simplistic and Penrose's misgivings in this regard are his alone, and not shared by most of the Physics community. For a very good reason too, as there is absolutely no reason for any correlation between gravity  and state vector reduction. More serious errors abound in his discussion of string theory. I am actually surprised that Penrose did not bother to run this section by string theory experts who would have been able to disabuse him of some very basic misunderstandings. For example, a very basic claim that Penrose makes is that extra dimensions are unstable...The simple version of the argument Penrose gives for this statement is essentially this: consider a space-time that is a product of four flat dimensions R^4 and six curled up dimensions in the form of a compact manifold X(a Calabi-yau manifold if you want supersymmetry, but this is inessential for Penrose's arguement). This is a solution to vacuum Einstien equations if X is Ricci-flat. Now consider time dependent perturbations of X. Then X evolves as a function of time like a closed universe, and from a theorem of Hawking and Penrose such a closed universe always evolves to a singularity if the perturbation is what is termed as generic. The upshot is simply that a typical perturbation of the internal space leads to singularities in finite "time". So far Penrose is right. What however is the correct conclusion? Penrose concludes that extra dimensions are unstable. Unfortunately this is a wrong conclusion. First of all, Poincare invariant perturbations are not of this class, so in taking an extra dimensional theory as a background and perturbing around this background we will never see the instability Penrose is worried about. However, in a cosmological setting one can justifiably ask what happens if we perturb the internal space the way Penrose wishes. In this case something interesting happens: even though the space-time evolves to a singularity in the classical approximation, this does not happen in the quantum theory. The  moduli space approximation is valid at all times, and if we properly account for degres of freedom that become light near the singular regions, we can continue the evolution in moduli space. This can be shown in string theory, and there are analogs of this phenomenon in gauge theory. The upshot therefore is that Penrose's misgivings regarding the "instability" of extra dimensions is a misunderstanding of the tractable quantum effects that resolve such singularities.A second objection of Penrose is his viewpoint on computation of black hole entropy in string theory. Determining the microstates of black holes has been one of the holy grails of Quantum Gravity, and String theory made a huge breakthrough in this problem circa 1995 when Strominger and Vafa (building on work by Sen and Susskind among others) were able to account for the entropy of extremal black holes by counting microstates of a collection of D-branes. Later the work was extended by other to near extremal black holes. In every case computed so far the agreement between Bekenstein-Hawking expression for entropy and the string theory calculation is remarkable. What is more, of late it has been possible to compute higher order corrections to black hole entropy (in some cases to all orders in perturbation theory) and once more, there is precise agreement. Ok, what does Penrose think about this? Penrose believes that maybe the math works for some unknown reason, but the physics may be incorrect...this would be laughable if it did not originate from a brilliant mathematical physicist like Penrose.A separate misgiving Penrose expresses is the fact that all calculations of black hole entropy so far have been performed for extremal or near extremal black holes, which are qualitatively different from Schwarzschild black holes (for example specific heat is positive for near extremal black holes). First of all, extremal black holes are the simplest objects to compute in string theory simply because a certain amount of supersymmetry is preserved by these black holes and supersymmetry typically lets us analytically continue in coupling without encountering phase transitions, allowing us to typically match up microstates of D-branes and the corresponding black holes. Near extremal black holes break supersymmetry but still entropy computations work, leading us to believe that there is no phase transition between the D-brane phases and the black hole phase even in the non supersymmetric case. Schwarzschild black holes of course are much harder to model in string theory. String theorists believe this to be a technical difficulty which we are trying to solve. At this stage there is no reason to believe there is a fundamental difference between the near extremal and far from extremal black holes. Certainly Penrose does not provide any input to this question. I can go on discussing the flaws in this book  but for reasons of time and space I have to terminate my review here. I think this is a nice book to learn some of the math behind modern physics but this book pushes the author's misguided ideas a whole lot more than the space such ideas deserve.The readers will benifit from this book as long as they keep in mind that certain parts of the book are outdated and some parts are wrong entirely. If you are trying to understand the modern crisis in particle theory and (or ) want to understand in layman's terms the progress already achieved in quantum gravity and field theory this is not the book for you.
This is Anatole France's cautionary tale about ideological fanaticism during the "terror" of the French revolution.  It is doubly remarkable in that it was published in the decade prior to the Soviet seizure of power, which imposed decades of political terror in Russia as we know, and in that France was a well-known member of the left.  Thus, academics rightfully proclaim it as a symbol of the horrors to follow in the 20C.Unfortunately, I did not enjoy this book very much.  Not only is its tone self-important with ponderous and ever-present references to classical mythology - the myth of Orestes as well as the bacchantes - but its innumerable references to obscure figures of the French Revolution, in all their historical accuracy, make it, well, just plain boring.  Moreover, the characters appear more like symbols of abstract ideas than flesh-and-blood creatures, and so are both unrealistic psychologically as well as put in situations in which they can carry out long and improbably philosophic discussions.The plot follows the impoverished members of an apartment building during a time of grave threat to the revolution.  There is a fervent young man (a painter and revolutionary fanatic), his missing sister (shacked up with an aristocrat), his simple mother, and an older cynic atheist (an ex-courtier and libertine), who gives refuge to a persecuted priest and innocent peasant girl.  As the revolution takes an increasingly murderous turn, they become ever more intimately involved with each other as vehicles to portray historical events.As such, the book seems to be written for the French high school student, all of whom memorize survey literature from secondary sources to pass rigorous examinations.  This makes them able to spout facts as if they had read widely, implying depth and thoughtfulness that all too often isn't there.  Of course, France obviously has great depth and his historical research is indeed exhaustive, which taught me a great deal.  But the book just didn't make me feel like I was there, which was why I read it.  Instead, while reading I felt like I was studying for a high school exam.As I try to get through the classic authors, I am occasionally surprised at the banality and dullness of some of the most famous works.  Perhaps this is because I read them from a rather na've perspective, open and as if they are not revered for whatever, but just as a pure reading experience.  Thus, my perceptions are personal and limited to my own experience.  While the overwhelming majority of classics are truly wonderful, this one was not.Recommended only for history buffs and students of French lit.
I can not recommend this book.I find it confused and confusing, with no clear line between Larman's own diagrams and actual UML notation. Starting on page xvii (before the text even starts), this book mixes the UML comment notation with Larman's own boxes-and-arrows. Similar mixes appear on p.7 and many other places. By p.22 Larman has already confused comment and use-case notation. Diagrams like 17.4 use multiple different arrows to say apparently the same thing - or maybe not, it's not for the reader to know. A number of UML diagrams suffer similarly from creativity. It's never quite clear what marks are defined by the standard and which ones by Larman's over-active imagination.It would have been so simple to fix that confusion, too. Even something like tinting the official UML and leaving his own markup in black and white would have shown which was which.He uses common terms in baffling ways. I've been developing software for many years, and I thought I knew what development was. It's what a software developer does - it's all the work needed to start from nothing, then deploy and support the product. I was quite surprised to learn that planning and analysis are not part of the development cycle, but the start of Ch. 8 assures me that they are distinct. Larman asserts that development is architecture-centric, but makes this assertion when almost 90% of the how-to section has gone by. If archtiecture is so basic to all other design, then it really should have been there at the beginning. I've seen attempts to declare an architecture at the end of the project, and they are comical (as long as I'm nowhere near that project). I was also baffed to see &quot;contracts&quot; so deeply embedded in the UML methodology proposed. Contracts are good, I agree, but they don't become part of UML simply by wishing they were. This is the kind of presentation that will leave a UML novice (the book's intended reader) thoroughly misinformed.Most other authors distinguish between design principles and design patterns, a line that Larman fails to draw. Principles give an idea of how to divide responsibilities, irrespective of what those responsibilities are. The Law of Demeter, cohesion, and the idea of polymorphism are design principles. Patterns state specific responsibilities and assign them to specific (if abstract) classes. Publish/subscribe (aka Observer) is a pattern. It states which object type originates data and which receives it. It states how the receiver makes itself known to the originator. Patterns apply to specific relationships or behaviors, principles apply to any relationship or pattern. Losing the distinction is a real loss of descriptive power, and a disservice to both principles and patterns.The flaws go on, but this book has already taken up enough of my life. I strongly suggest that the reader look at any of the many other books on UML or on patterns. Even picking at random, you're likely to get a better reference.
(Truth in reviewing. I've written a lot of business books and am always looking for good new ones).This is so vapid that it is hard to say anything about it. The author takes a dinky idea -- companies should be clear about their goals (the truly valuable "What"s -- and avoid the "How" traps of process myopia. But the concept of the What is simplisitic to a point of banality and a trivial instance is then extended to explain the entire transformation of a company. Michael Jordan's failed retirement to play baseball is completed explained as "Jordan assumed his high-performing What was Play-Sports, when in reality it was simply (and phenomenally) Play-Basketball." Dell's "Resolve Customer Questions/Problem What" is seen as a source of its erosion and somehow its turnaround. The analysis is all about How not What Dell did. A crisis at Jet Blue is described as partly failing to address Manage-Communication as a What. But isnt the issue how to manage communication? A Tawainese consumer electronics firm is seen as leading in the marketplace through its Manufacture-Product What. How? How? and How? The How-What distinction is blurred throughout. The examples are forced to fit the simplistic thesis -- the Manage-Transaction What gave ING Direct its market lead, for instance, but what is any bank's core other than its transaction management and how it leverages this in services and relatiionships? This is such a lazy book. Many of the examples are inaccurate and/or incomplete and/or biased.I can't recall a single original insight in this vapid, assertive I-have-the-Truth morass of illogic. It is short with biggish print and wide margins. It's still far too long for its lightweight thoughts amid heavyweight claims.
Most of the reviewers here seem to not know the Cultural Revolution, or approve Mao's minions who carried it out.Tien Pao, the protagonist, just signed his death sentence when he recognized his mother among the laborers working in a us airfield in China.It would have been likely that he would have moved to us after the war if he kept silent. Instead he chose to remain his poor family.His likely fate is starvation during the 1959 famine which struck Hunan, which includes the area covered in this book, or outright beating to death by the Red Guards who would have remembered his days in the US camp.Some say hindsight is 20/20, but this story is indeed tragic for anyone who knows anything about China during Mao.
First off I'd like to point out that I'm a beginner to UNIX but not system administration, and that I got a bout 10 chapters into this book before I realized that it was published in 2000 and is already horribly out of date.  That being said a lot of the ideas and software that is discussed in this book is still in use, hence why it took me so long to realize it.  The section that caught me was the 20 pages dedicated to explaining how a 56k modem works, immediately followed by how one day everything will be on a USB port.  I was like "What is going on?"  So that embarrassment aside let me tell you about.The book was way too conceptual, it is not a training guide or even a guide as to when and where to do certain things.  It is more of a laundry list of things you'll need and a detailed description of them categorized by the time in administrating that you might need them.  This is fine if you already know what you're doing, or have a lot of time to just sit and play around with Unix, or are just looking for a decent reference book to keep on your desk (this is my case, now).Bottom line, don't buy this book thinking you'll be able to administer a Unix based system at the end of it.
being a halfway well read person and familiar with the Hypnerotomachia, a friend or should I say fiend suggested I read the rule of four.  This book is confusing and poorly written.  The Hypnerotomachia it's self is a difficult read, but none the less very interesting.  perhaps this author believes he is being clever by paralleling his story in an equally confusing manner. the time line of the book is near impossible to keep strait.  I have little faith the book is worth investigating for a cipher of it's own.  This is a serious disappointment and a waste on my kindle.
Tcl is a nice language and it is not hard once it "clicks", but learning it can take quite a bit work for someone new to the language.  This book, unfortunately, does not ease you into the language.  The basics are skimmed over, which is fine for some.  The basics will come easily for someone who has written in other scripting languages before, but those who are new to scripting languages will be disappointed with the introductory material.  The section "Tcl Basics" seems lengthy in terms of page count, but I don't think that anyone who is considered a novice programmer will doubt that some of this section isn't basic, so don't be misled into thinking that it spends more time on the basics than it does.  If you've been programming for several years, you might find it basic.  The "advanced" stuff receives more attention, but it is not always explained well.  When I first flipped through the book, it looked quite vervose, but it turns out that little of that will actually help you.  I've had times when I wanted to know something and I consulted the book, but never really understood the solution despite the fact that the author writes many lines on the subject.  If a topic that a good writer could clearly explain in half a page receives two pages worth of discussion from this author, you would assume that you would walk away understanding it.  Nope.The Tk (graphics) sections also have their issues.  In addition to poor explanations, the examples were confusing.  They are short and clear in the "Tk Basics" section, but then they end up becoming a little too long and a bit obfuscated later on.  When you are trying to illustrate a short and simple topic, the example should be short and simple itself and here it rarely is.The "Tcl & C" sections? Even worse explanations. Difficult examples once again.So why two stars instead of one?  That's because this book is very, very comprehensive.  Essentially anything that you want to know about Tcl/Tk is in here, although you have to squint and concentrate to see it since it'll be hidden by poor explanations and poor examples.  It's a difficult reference book to wade through, but I can't give a book that I refuse to sell or throw away one star.
I currently work as a software developer so I dare to stay that I utilize my creative thinking pretty often. One day a colleague of mine came to me and said "Hey I am reading this book about thinking, it's interesting and you might like it". And me? I was like nooo ... go away I really am not into this whole "how to be super-motivated optimistic so called thinking guru" (those people actually make on me impression of cheaply suit-up bad-perfume-using annoying liars) and I just prefer GSD (getting s*** done). I have to admit, I was pretty sceptic about this. After some persuasion I eventually admitted that I am judgmental for no reason, so I backed off and decided to give it a try.My first impression was pretty good. Think Better definitely is a book that has pretty decent start. It consists of four parts and in the first one you will learn something about motivation (why to think better), how your brain works in certain situations (when you're in hurry, when you panic, what you do automatically and so on). Examples are great and they really do good job demonstrating the theory.The second part seems to be putting some theory in place by formalizing certain statements and introducing various thinking patterns. Still quite good and entertaining.The third part is much bigger and introduces some sort of "thinking model" that you're advised to follow when cracking hard problems. And this is the point from where my disappointment has been increasing more and more by every single page. For me it seemed like author was trying to give meaningful names to very obvious and old principles (this whole brainstorming stuff). Some parts weren't that bad, but some actually made me feel uncomfortable - like an object of a very bad marketing presentation (illustrated with even worse examples).The fourth part tried to summarize previous chapter, so it actually might be well worth of skipping the third one and proceed directly to the fourth if you want to save some time (and possibly drop some frustration).Even though that I really did like the beginning (and would recommend to read first two chapters to my friends), I think that this book failed in delivering useful and pragmatic content.
Halfway through this book I had already lost full confidence in the author and his ability to provide insight into a critical thinking process. Why? Basically I had tired of his contrived stories and old allegories and wasteful descriptions of simple concepts. Here's a summary:1.) He wasted my time over and over again with little stories that had little relation to the concepts he was promoting, For example, 2 or 3 solid pages are devoted to a story about a business interview at a fancy restaurant wherein you spill a spot of sauce on your crewneck shirt. This is considered a problem which requires `productive thinking.' Please, give me a break Tim. Tim even goes on to admit that the story is trivial. So then I need to ask one of his key questions in his step 1 "What's going on here?" Why did you waste my time with this trivial story which had little relationship to the concept you were discussing.2.) In more than one occasion Tim provides little anecdotes whereby the sex of the prognosticator is not defined but the parameters of the anecdote leads you to believe that the prognosticator is a man. Toward the end Tim reveals the gender. You are supposedly surprised to find that it's a woman. This is so transparent, so old, so meaningless as to be an insult. On the first introduction it was blatantly obvious where it was going, but there it is again, and again, and yet another time. Gee, Tim gets a lot of mileage out of a simple and obvious twist and does so in a book that obviously needed to fill some pages because the material at hand did not quite do it.3.) The overall concepts presented are nothing more than standard problem solving techniques with new fancy names ("Target Future" for example instead of problem solution) and no additional insight. Furthermore Tim spends endless pages describing simple concepts that could be discussed in about a page or two."Think Better" don't buy this book - look elsewhere for help on innovative thinking.
I've made it about 1/2 way through but am now abandoning it.  I really thought I should like this book - I'm a doctor andit's about a health clinic in Ethiopia - but as literature it just doesn't hold up.  I'm even reading it for a book groupbut have to go back to good fiction instead - like David Mitchell's "The Thousand Autumns of Jacob De Zoet".  Abrahamjust goes on and on and on and on - intermittent character development (halted) interrupted by intermittentmedical descriptions.  I'm just not seeing what the rest of the world is here - it's a dull, sprawling book to me.
A master story-teller, he should have stayed with stories.  This is a bore.
I haven't read this book.  But as I read about its plot, I just have to ask:  hasn't anyone read Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut?  It seems like this book is a total rip-off of his original idea: a man who becomes 'unstuck' from time and flips back and forth in his life.  Honestly, it makes me sick to read this remarks like "Wow, this is such an amazing new idea!".  Slaughterhouse 5 is a classic, and they even made a pretty good movie out of it, back in the day.  C'mon, people, let's give credit where credit is due.  Or, perhaps, Ms. Niffenegger is herself detached from time, and gave the idea to Mr. Vonnegut?
This book was pretty useful as a nuts 'n' bolts manual for the beginning or seasoned writer.  On this level I would give it 4 out of 5 stars.  It doesn't get 5 stars because no new insights or methodologies were introduced.However, I've given this book only two stars because all they (Amazon or the publisher) did was to scan the existing text into ebook format.  They (whoever did this) still use pages to refer to other sections in the text and not Amazon's Locations.  Next, the index is still there but it refers to pages and not to Locations...which makes it useless.  Finally, the index has not been activated so it will not take you to the Location listed.Whomever was responsible for preparing this book as a Kindle screwed the pooch big time.Still a pretty good book but not much good for research because of Amazon's faulty prepping of the book for their e-reader.A very disappointed customer here.
Laing's compassion for those currently mentally ill (and others), as found in this book and others by him, is powerful. It's very fortunate that he raised his voice (and wrote so well) about the coldness and at time inhumanity that can be found within psychiatry.Existentialism may, in some hands, support healthy therapy but it seems it may  also serve, as it seems to in this book, as:a) a largely empty explanatory system, i.e. a rich set of concepts that enable one to create a great story about what is going on with someone, but a story that leads nowhere outside of itself. Satre's "Saint Genet" seems such an application, an interesting framework perhaps for a "biography" but layered in fictitious play.b) a false comfort system that might lead troubled people to see themselves as an important part of some global battle against alienation ... instead of facing real immediate needs.Getting a job may be more important than ecstasy. Taking a pill may be wiser than considering one's "false self" or going further on some great voyage toward transcendence. True, Laing has acknowledged the value of pills and the possibility of genetic/biochemical causes, but, as seen in this book, that was a very tiny part of his concern. What he wanted, this overcoming of the false self, this ending of violence seemed to have turned out to be largely orthogonal to the needs of many of the psychotic, for many of whom the right medication and daily routine has enabled them to enter the mainstream of society productively. Whether existence precedes existence was of no consequence to these people in getting well; now that they are, they can decide to what extent existentialism and Laing's vision counts. My impression is that, except for the great contribution he has made in encouraging compassion to them, his analyses matter very little and rightly so. It seems unfortunate that his great compassion (and writings on) got mixed in with his attempts to apply his existentialist notions, which tend to be very complicated.Kingsley Hall, as described by Laing himself in interviews, was a compassionate start at providing humane mental health treatment, but seems to have been therapeutically a mess. Sartre seems vastly less effective than some of the growing number of anti-psychotic medications and it seems a great disservice to the many of the mentally ill to suggest otherwise. Despite some disclaimers, Laing, as in "The Divided Self" and "The Politics of Experience", seems to have done just that. He witnessed some terrible medical practices and he recognized they were so and called attention to that, but then he opted for mind games like existentialism and knots instead of providing practical guidance. "The Divided Self" is great in some ways and, for a young man of 28, forgiveable.Nonetheless, "The Divided Self" seems a bad book for most anyone who is mentally troubled and it seems a bad book for most anyone who will be dealing with anyone mentally troubled. Boring practical choices made day to day seem infinitely more useful than such existentialist analysis and fantasies of transcendence.
This quotation from Walt Kelly fits the book in more ways than one.  Peck argued that evil was the result of laziness and narcissism and provided an excellent analysis of group evil in chapter 6, "Mylai: An Examination of Group Evil."  What he failed to do was apply his analytical tools to himself and recognize that he had indeed judged others before purifying himself and could be judged by his own criteria as evil.Much of this book horrified my sensibilities: I was horrified at Peck's quickness to identify as evil people whose behavior was troubling, even unpleasant, but in no way met my definition of evil.  While I don't wish to tread on anyone's religious beliefs, I found the idea that a trained scientist would consider exorcism a viable treatment for mental illness to be ridiculous. I was especially disgusted by his chapter on a particular patient, "Charlene," (Chapter 4).  Peck admitted to improper behavior and went so far as to hint that his sexual favors were to be dispensed to patients who could benefit from them. He also admitted that he failed to help the patient despite treating her for four years and wrote her off as evil because she failed to comply with his desire that she "regress" and relinquish her self-control to him in favor of a parent/child dependence.Although I don't know much about psychiatrists and their non-chemical treatment methods, I sincerely hope what I read in the book was not typical.  I cannot imagine someone putting him-or herself into a situation where he or she submits to "analysis" and "treatment" for years and years and is never helped.  What a waste of one's life!It wasn't all bad, though. I found two parts of the book interesting and even enlightening.  Chapter 6 on Mylai was fascinating and, in my opinion, largely correct.  I actually had the feeling that it was written apart from the rest of the book.  I'd recommend reading only that chapter to my friends and family, especially in light of what's happening today (March 2011).The other portion of the book that caught my attention was the brief discussion of autism in the Charlene chapter (Chapter 6) under the heading "A Law Unto Herself." After reading the section I was reminded of one of my favorite "X-Files" episodes, "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose."  In it, a murderer seeks a true psychic to help him understand why he is compelled to kill people.  When he meets Clyde Bruckman, a true psychic, Bruckman tells him "You kill people because you're a homicidal maniac." I'll leave it at that.
I picked this book up at a discount used bookstore hoping to really love it.....based on all the reviews and comments I had seen online. The book itself even has pages and pages of rave reviews.....For me it just didn't work. I appreciate the story and what the author is trying to accomplish, and he does accomplish it. It's a very real look at an autistic life. Christopher is a well developed character. I thought the story lacked luster and ended abruptly. But, it's a quick and easy read. I would not recommend this book. I found it somewhat painful to get through. Maybe that's part of the point. You feel dreadfully stuck in the mind of an autistic person and for that I respect it greatly.
Because none of us can jump through time I'll keep it very brief. This  book was a total waste of time.
This was such a great story that was lost in an over abundance of needless information. If you enjoy stories that give you every little detail of every little thing then this is for you. Other wise it is a job to read. While the story line it self is a good one and could be enjoyable,it wasn't. If it were kept simple and to the story, I would have loved it. As it is it wouldn't be my first recommendation of something to read.
This translation is quite old (now public domain) and riddled with substantial errors. Have a look at the Kaufmann translation instead and spend a few extra bucks -- the book will make far more sense if you do! More enjoyable, too...
"The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do."---Thomas Jefferson"It is my contention that a really great novel is made with a knife and not a pen. A novelist must have the intestinal fortitude to cut out even the most brilliant passage so long as it doesn't advance the story."---Frank YerbyNiffenegger thought up a great concept. Wish she knew how to revise. If this book were 200 pages shorter, the writing would be much tighter, much more compelling.If you like reading about every mundane detail in a character's life, you will love this book. If you like reading page after page of pointless scenes that do not advance the story, you will love this book. I rarely stop reading a book once I've committed, and after purchasing this book and reading 200 pages, I was committed, but I still could not continue on. I did not love, or even like the characters. Clare seemed empty. Henry, a whiner.A love affair that transcends time could be so beautiful if it were based on a real emotional connection. These characters seem to think they are in love because they see "Henry's time travel to Clare's meadow" as an omen. Love based on lazy coincidence, to me, is boring. The secondary characters in this story are all wooden. How clich&eacute; is the housemaid who loves to cook for her rich masters? And there is no hook! At page 200, I realized I was waiting for something--anything--to happen, not because the author foreshadowed it, but because something must happen in a 500 page book, right? Not so.It's a shame this concept was wasted on an author who didn't have the editing skills to do it justice. If this concept were in the hands of a master like Anita Shreve, this book would've been a short, tight 280 pages that would take your breath away.The fact that this book is being turned into a movie is an ode to the concept, not the novel itself. The screenplay will cut and cut and cut in all the places where the author and the editor should have cut a long time ago. Niffenegger seems to be a an egomaniac--she loves her own writing too much. She needs to learn to "kill her darlings" the way other, more skilled writers do.
This is the kind of book where you almost feel like the characters know they are in the book and are just trying to be &#34;super cool and fantastic&#34;, or &#34;dark and sulky&#34;.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House
This book takes place in 1945 and is based around Claire Randall, a combat nurse who has recently returned from the war. The story starts out with Claire and her husband, Frank, visiting Scotland in an attempt to rekindle their marriage, where most of their time has been spent apart.Claire finds herself catapulted back to 1743, Scotland where she meets and marries James Fraser, a young Scot clansman, whose relationship with his Clan MacKenzie Uncles is riddled with mystery.Her adventure in time starts out by running into her future nemesis, Captain Jonathan Randall, who amusingly looks just like her husband she has left behind in the 1945 Scotland. She is quickly rescued by the Clan MacKenzie. The story begins well but quickly falters from here on.To escape the hands of Captain Jonathan Randall, Claire must marry Jamie. Initially you can believe these two characters might fall in love until Jamie Fraser beats Claire for not obeying him. Claire, having left one husband in the future, does not hesitate to enter into this other marriage with Fraser. The unbelievable acceptance of her fate is a major flaw in this time travel story.The story is slow moving and the plot develops in a predictable way.If you are looking for a Scottish adventure with sword play and romance, I do not recommend this book.
I loved the rest of this series, but this one is so boring I tried twice to read it, but both times got so bored with it I couldn't finish.  But don't judge the whole series on this book.  Read all the others.  You'll enjoy those!
This edition (Pacemaker Classics paperback) is abridged and that is not indicated anywhere! Very frustrating!
After enjoying reading many Harry Hole adventures, I found this particular one hard to finish, dull and without focus.  Jo Nesbo's other Harry Hole mysteries that I have read are sharply focused on the why and wherefore of a particular crime.  This novel is hijacked by the author's interest in Australian aboriginal culture and the immigrant experience of other Australians.  I could not connect the aboriginal dreamtime stories told here with the crime that had been committed.  I thought that the author was trying to make a connection, as was Harry Hole, but I felt the strategy failed.  Also characters were introduced who had no connection with other characters or the story.  I thought it may have been more about Jo Nesbo's experiences in Sydney, Australia than a traditional 'who done it'.  Perhaps it should have been written as a travelogue.
I bought this book and was extremely disapointed.  Every few pages there are errors and the Self Tests are full of typos and errors.  For example, on page 161, question #7.  This question asks which file systems will be unmounted by executing the "mountall" command.  This should have been the 'umountall' command.On page 268, question #3 has 2 answers, one of which is A.  However, the command in A is:  "ps -ef grep go."  This command will not work without a pipe sign between the -ef and grep.On page 225, the "Two-Minute Drill" makes reference to the path "/etc/def/" and it should be '/etc/default.'  This mistake is made twice on the same page.Page 281, the word "though" should be the word 'through.'Page 223 talks about the "/etc/nologins" file.  The correct file name is 'nologin' not "nologins."  It is not plural.  You are mislead twice on this page.Page 221 references the setuid command and shows using the command "chmod 2775 /home/lib."  The setuid command should show: 'chmod 4775 /home/lib.'These are a few examples of many errors in this book.  I assume the author knows better, but did a poor job of re-reading his proof copy.
Despite all the hype that this book gets, I was not overly impressed.  The core of this book is a rather simplistic fable about a couple of mice and a couple of "Little People" who are forced to deal with change (in this case, the moving of their cheesy food supply, which the introduction to the fable identifies as "whatever makes you happy"). The moral of the fable is that one has to adapt to change....which really ought to be self-evident. The fable also presents the reader with some pop psychology about how to visualize success in the face of change and uncertainty, which it delivers in a way that is a bit too pat and cutesy for my taste.  Aesop this is not!Because the book uses a fable as the vehicle for its message, it doesn't really delve into any of the complex issues about change.  Is finding the new cheese supply really a worthy goal, or should the characters simply change their diet to something that is more common and less likely to produce coronary arrest?  Why should every change be embraced?  (Surely the changes to mortgage banking in recent years was regrettable, not admirable!)  How do you cope with all the side effects of change, some of which are unexpected and/or negative? (Does the author really believe that visualizing and scurrying around is the best way to handle these issues?)  What happens if the cheese supply is not merely moved, but completely and permanently destroyed?  You won't find any of these issues addressed in this book.My advice would be to skip this book and spend your time reading real studies on change.
I finally had to put this away without finishing.  I found it tedious and not even remotely funny.  I got through about half of it and never found anything to hold my interest.
I've hit the key problems with this book in my review title. Rather than expound on these, I would like to instead suggest a few alternate books that I have enjoyed:Playing with Infinity: Mathematical Explorations and ExcursionsNumber Words and Number Symbols: A Cultural History of NumbersThe VNR Concise Encyclopedia of MathematicsThe World of Mathematics: A Four-Volume SetBon appetit!
I'm a huge Francesca fan, but this book disappointed me a little. Some of the stories were decent but they are not her best. I would recommend reading this if you really enjoy her writing style and perhaps if you are 13-16 years old.
Yawn.  I had high hopes for this book, especially when I saw an endorsement by the author of FISH.  The book introduces a shocking concept (cough, cough).  Happy, productive employees are good for business.  You need someone to write a book about that.  Reminds me of my old employers health care program:  don't get sick.The ideas in this book are great.  Get 360 degree buy in by employees, managers, owners and then implement the change.  Using "real world" examples the author talks about a management consultant coming into a company resistant to change and after hard work got buy in.Great.  Hire your own consultant and you too can get these results.  She leave untouched how stuck organizations can get unstuck to implement these changes.  If only it were that simple.  Wake up on a Monday and change your business 180 degrees.  From a consultants perspective it's easy!Nothing in the book is untrue or unhelpful, it's just not easily implemented especially without outsiders who can peer in to your organization from the inside out.  And if her ideas of positive attitude were so easily implemented, the book wouldn't be needed.  The book presupposes use of an outside consulting firm.  And if you are using an outside consulting firm, why buy a self-help book.Why could I just see this on Bill  Lumbergh's desk...yeah.
I had so much hope for this book, but it never really panned out. One can tell from the very beginning that Murakami is obviously a good writer, that's what held my interest to the end of the book. In anticipation of some great tie-in or genius event closures for all the weirdness, I was vastly disappointed in the lazy way he wrote Kafka's re-entry into his old life, and let the other characters just sort of drift off the page after nonessential drivel page after page. Too bad. Had heard such good things about him.
From the pedestrian dialogue to the adequate prose, Harris attaches lots of research. But there's a reason he opens each chapter with quotes from texts on volcanoes. He's too inadequate an author to incorporate this material into the actual text. No Leon Uris he! All the characters are cardboard with the possible exception of Pliny, but Pliny's views as expressed here on sexuality do not seem bona fide. Additionally, the hero's behavior and thoughts are inconsistent. A better writer would have used this book as an outline for a much richer work. The basics are here, but  little else. Don't be surprised to find yourself skimming towards the end.
I tried to read it, and faild.It was confusing, did not get to any point. The questuion and answer format made iteven more confusing then it should have to be. It is one of the very few times that I actually have put down a book with out finishing it.
The novel has many, many historical flaws that render the story implausible at best. One gets the impression that it was written for a quick read, quick sell, and then right to the big-screen. In view of its publication date following shortly on the heels of the hit movie "Gladiator," one can almost see the author rushing to cash-in on the Roman "craze," spawned by that movie. All that would be fine, a light-entertainment piece aimed at a mass-market audience; however, the author repeatedly boasts of his extensive historical research and accuracy in creating this novel, while persistently making gross historical errors throughout.As other reviews have noted, the principle characters are thinly drawn, with modern viewpoints that have little relation to the era in which they are set. The protagonist, Attilius, condemns slavery (even as he makes use of it) in a civilization that was built on slavery and could not have existed without it. He somehow manages to deduce that Mt. Vesuvious is about to erupt, even though volcanic eruptions were totally unknown to the Romans of his time. Even the most scientific mind of his era (who figures prominently in the novel) Pliny the Elder, has no clue, but a simple aquatic engineer figures this out??? His love-interest Corelia's very name smacks of shoddy scholarship on the part of the author, who poses himself as an expert in Romanology. By Roman tradition, her name would be Ampliatia, after her father; the name "Corelia" has no connection to the girl's family, and thus is not an accurate Roman name. But perhaps the most annoying, and laughable mistake is also the most minute; everywhere in the novel, the characters are burning candles---yes, wax candles! One would think, with all of Mr. Harris's indepth research of Roman engineering, that he might have deduced that candles are a relatively modern invention, first appearing in the middle ages, virtually unknown to the ancient Romans. Might this be why not a single candle, candlestick, or candle holder was found in the ruins of Pompeii or Herculaneum? There's not a single Roman artifact indicating the use of wax candles for illumination; yet there are thousands upon thousands of oil lamps from the Roman era. This somehow escaped the author's attention. Exactly what kind of research did he conduct for his "meticulously" researched novel?
From what I've read of the other reviews, everyone seems to be at least somewhat experienced with graphic design with Corel or some other program, and they all seem to love it. As for me, I won a copy of X5 in a raffle and I'm pretty computer savvy, I figured "I can do this!" so I got on Amazon and bought a copy of what was generally reviewed as the best guide to CorelDraw X5. I'm no idiot, but I'm not a designer either.My complaint isn't about the quality of the book, I have no doubt that it is very thorough and complete, but from what I can tell so far, it is not very newbie friendly.Let me give you an example. The first few pages are introduction type stuff (how to create a new document, etc). At page 6, the first example of how to do anything, you will find the following, "...B-splines are unlike paths produced with the Bezier and other drawing tools; they don't always have nodes directly on a path to steer a curve segment after or during drawing..." WTF is a B-Spline, a path, a bezier, a node, or a curve segment? The book assumes that you already know all this stuff.Maybe I am an idiot, I dunno, but I will be putting this book back on the shelf until I buy an idiots guide X5 and practice a bit with that.
If you need to know anything about forensics, DON'T read this book.Poorly written and full of errors.Avoid at all costs!
I was looking for an OOD book with a focus on practical aspects and I noticed this book with its streak of glowing 5-star reviews.  I was very disappointed and this became one of the few technical books I've bought that I did not even finish.  I found it laden with dogmatic statements, lacking rationale or discussion of the benefits.  for instance, one should use first person-speak to determine appropriate classes for responsibilities.  Yes, I could do that - but why?  Other books make it more clear that this is similar to "keeping behavior with data" and maintaining data encapsulation.
Its a textbook, not much else I can say about it. The information is covered in the lessons and is easy to comprehend and follow.
I've read many of Ruth Rendell's books, both the mysteries and the horror stories. She has a deft hand at plotting and atmosphere. Her characters are perhaps not the strength of her work; she gives them enough development to involve the reader, but rarely makes them interesting enough to care about. This book is all character studies and unfortunately Rendell doesn't show to her best advantage in it. There's nothing about these people that makes me want to know what happens to them. They're not likeable or interesting as people; the only thing unusual about them is their foibles, and the author describes those over and over again in excruciating detail.I give the book 2 stars instead of one because Rendell does give a vivid impression of the market itself. That's fine, but it's not worth getting the book to read about the market. Go there yourself- you'll probably find this book on one of the second-hand stalls.
The only good things that I found with this book were (1.) For a very anxious person like myself, the book attempts to show how silly anxiety regarding change can be and (2.) The book is very short, therefore there is no reason why people shouldn't read this book and judge for themselves if they like it or not...On the other hand, the content of the book is quite simplistic and the point that it is trying to make is no different than the advice that any friend would give you when going through a trying situation; for example, losing a job, going through a tough break-up, etc.  There is always "light at the end of the tunnel" and "no door ever closes without another one opening."  This is the type of advice that you can get from a friend that would serve the same purpose that this book serves.  I cannot rate this book higher than two stars.
Had a lot of good scripture references but honestly there was no real plot line to the story it just went from situation to situation that only loosely related to each other until about the last 75 pages.  Just not my cup of tea, although she paints beautiful images with her words, it just did not carry my attention and I stopped twice to read 2 other books in between finishing this.
...as a book...When one views programming on &#34;The Discocery Channel&#34;or &#34;The History Channel&#34;one sees an historical narrative that is often interrupted by interview clips with various authors,participants,and observers..Given the visual nature of such presentations this approach works very well..Lucette Matalon Lagnado and Sheila Cohn Dekel applied this approach to their book on Mengele and the twins of Auschwitz,writing a bio of Josef Mengele which is frequently interrupted by long comments by the surviving twins/victims of his perverted&#34;science&#34;.On the printed page this approach falls flat.Certainly a book detailing the horrors which these twins endured under &#34;the angel of death&#34;needs telling this book is confusing and too often ultra-personal,substituting raw emotion for relevant factual documentation..All too often the comments intertwined with the Mengele Bio have little to do with one another.For example it is well known that Mengele was a fastidious dresser,and had,in his youth,almost movie-star looks..This comes up repeatedly in the bio part of the text,.Alas,it also lends itself to allowing Mengele's victims to parrot what has already been stated in the bio text,that is that Mengele was a  careful dresser and was handsome..How do these redundant  comments help the story-telling?Much of Mengele's early life is detailed,these obsevations interrupted by recollections by a survining twin about his behavior a &#34;selector&#34;,or his mania for twins..It is at best a disjointled account.These are several bios of Josef Mengele on the market,most of which deal more with his life after Auschwitz than his career as a Nazi..And there are thousands of memoirs by holocaust survivors retelling their horrendous experiences..To properly tell the tragic story of the twins of Auschwitz what is needed is an author that can combine both the firsthand accounts of these victims with that of their tormentor,creating a seamless narrative,rather than a straight bio punctuated endlessly by long,often rambling comments by participants..Thiese are not the authors and this is not that book.
This book is outdated, outmoded, and nearly useless.  It contains tons of information on how to manipulate fabrics that aren't even in use anymore. Hardly anything on dealing with knit fabrics, which look better and are easier to manipulate. Ask anyone under 50 if they have ever seen any darts in their clothes? And all this slashing and turning and manipulating??? not only is it sloppy, its useless, Useless, USELESS! Lots of money spent for vague instructions on basic blocks, and only clothes made in the 80's. Save eyour money, just because this book is expensive, doesn't make it useful.
I am sorry to say that I have to concur with so many other fans of the Outlander series.  I have found myself, several times, gritting my teeth with something like bored exasperation.  The others were, for the most part, so compelling that I could not put them down, even much of the previous book.  I'm going to leave off this one and hope for better with the next.
The House of Sand and Fog was another of our bookclub books.  This one was true to my experience with the Oprah selections:  interesting reading, but certainly not uplifting.  In fact, it was full of tragic characters who spiral out of control into disaster.  The story was a little by slow at parts, yet the ploy was very unique and the character development was interesting.
This book is a hoax. It is a shell of a book. It is completely empty of content. Not one iota of content on technical trend trading for the serious trader. I guess he saves the technical stuff for his expensive training programs.
This is the miniature edition!? It fits in the palm of my hand - miniature. I guess I should read the full product description before hitting the purchase button, eh?  To say the least, I was disappointed.  I have never really understood the purpose of miniature books and it looks rather silly on my book shelf next to the "regular-sized" books.
As a veteran Kindle user, I find the prices for classics like these especially irritating.  There is simply no way that I will spend this much to have a Steinbeck novel on my Kindle, when I can go to a used bookstore and get it for much less.  C'mon Amazon, lower the prices of these classics and make the Kindle what you CLAIMED it was-a product and a technology that would brings us novels at significantly lower prices.
In this book, Shlain argues that the adoption of alphabetic scripts in ancient times triggered massive, unwelcome changes in apparently unconnected areas of human thought and society, chiefly involving shifts in  the direction of 'linear', non-holistic thinking, an excessive concern with  logic and science, and patriarchical systems in which women and their ideas  have been suppressed and undervalued. In developing his case, he naturally  ranges widely outside his own field of expertise (surgery). I am able to  comment authoritatively only on his linguistics; but, given that the  discipline is so central to his thesis, the major problems which he has in  this area are crucial. These include: a) sporadic confusion of languages  and their writing systems; b) sporadic confusion of alphabetic writing and  writing systems generally; c) neglect of syllabic writing systems; d) some  inaccurate and dated terminology/perspectives on logographic writing  systems such as that of Chinese; e) utter confusion of phonemes and speech  sounds (some specific comments in this area are wildly wrong); f) adoption  of a wrong and misleading definition of the term 'alphabet'; g) apparently  limited awareness of the range of views among contemporary linguists; h)  adoption of speculative and partisan accounts of the early stages of human  language and society; i) inadequately supported claims to the effect that  many major historical developments were largely caused by the adoption of  alphabetic script (it is not difficult to see the effects of a  near-universal causal factor if one is determined to do so; but much more  systematic and objective investigation would be required before one could  actually demonstrate the validity of such a thesis). Whatever Shlain's  other strengths, he should have acquired a much stronger grasp of  linguistics before developing theories in this area. My extended comments  on Shlain's linguistics appear in The Skeptic 19:3 (pp 42-44).
I give this book 1 star for the exact opposite reason that socialist dork did.  What works.  The ONLY thing that works.  Is a free market with the rule of law.  That means a free market....but you aren't allowed to lie, cheat, steal or swindle.  Socialism leads to extreme poverty (and genocide....but that's a different book) for everyone, terror, fear, hopelessness and oppression.  A free market without the rule of law, however, leads to out of control inflation and then the collapse of the free market.  That is exactly what is happening with health care.The problem.  THE problem.  Is that we allow the HMO's to lie, cheat, steal and swindle patients.  Less than 1 dollar our of every 12 goes towards services.  The rest is siphoned off and stolen.  Much of that is stolen by illegal aliens who run up HUGE medical bills and have absolutely no intention of paying.  In my home state of NJ, the problem is so bad that my insurance company (one of damn few health insurance companies in NJ) has informed me of that they will probably go bankrupt despite the huge increases in premiums the last few years.  Note that we have forced subsidy of people who "can't afford health insurance" in my state.  The result is I pay roughly $600 a month for health insurance that is unreliable should I become seriously ill.The solution is simple.  Oversight.  Instead of one dollar out of 12 going toward services, HMO's should be FORCED to spend 11 dollars out of every 12 on health care.  Illegals should be arrested and deported if they dare to show their face in a hospital, welfare office, school or other public institution (note that in Mexico, they simply shoot you, so we are not exactly being hardassed doing that).This solution has been successfully in the past I might add.  During The Great Depression, when most companies were failing and nobody had any work, that was the time in our country's history when telephone and power companies were built.  These companies were immensely profitable, building our electrical and communications infrastructures, at a time when no one had any damn money and most other companies were going belly up.  How did that happen?  These companies were tightly regulated.  They were FORCED to operate in a sane and productive manner.  They were simply not allowed to lie, cheat, steal or swindle.  And they made incredible amounts of money doing our nation an incredible service.Why should health care be any different?  Ultimately, the HMO's will make more money, not less, if we force them to behave.  And the cost will go down dramatically while service goes up.  That is the benefit of a free market, within the rule of law.  It's what works.  It's the ONLY thing that works....ever.
Bruce Chatwin was a travel writer of moderate talent. While most travel writers tend to try to write books which generate laughs by trading on the comic elements of travel and the ridicule of different customs Chatwin was more of a poetic writer.In this book he writes about Aboriginal Australians and suggests a theory. The theory is that the map of Australia has a number of inter connecting song lines which represent points at which Aboriginal people communicate with others and as a result &quot;songs&quot; are passed on.The reality is that no such thing exists and that Chatwin has simply made it up after a brief Australian visit. One of the problems of course is that now because the idea has appeared in a &quot;book&quot; some people now accept it.Aboriginal people in Australia have over the years suffered considerably by being pushed of their lands, being marginalised and suffering ongoing discrimination. However their culture is rich and vibrant and for someone to make up something which is not true does them no good and is another manifestation of white paternalism.
I was very disappointed in this book, too much insest!!!!!. I don't find it necessary.  And I am no prude.
Over the years, many of my bosses have pontificated at length about this book. As I have no respect of any of them, I never read it. Recently, however, I've been working on a business dictionary that satirizes language in the workplace. Based on the people I know who rave about "Who Moved My Cheese," I figured it'd be chock full `o fodder for my book.As usual, I was right. This book provides a simplified, quick way for managers to try to get their subordinates to do what they want, regardless of how asinine the idea may be. Basically, if you need help adapting to change, go home and swallow your gun. It's too late.While the book is 94 pages, the story itself is only 52 pages. The rest of it is three prefaces and a postscript that's purpose is to get you to buy the book for everyone you know. Don't believe me? Check out the Table of Contents .PDF above. Factor in the 1.5-inch margins, 14-point text, and numerous pictures, and this story could probably fit on an index card.The most significant thing I learned from "Who Moved My Cheese" was that self-help books exist so that the author can help himself to your money (actually, I already knew that; this book just reinforced it). Check out the back page where the author sells related services: Need the cheese calendar? How about a certification in change management (how cheesy)?If you're looking for a good laugh, read it, but save your money and just steal it from your boss's desk.
Not at all the simple method promised in the intro.  I gave up during the 'six buckets' method of tracking tasks, deadlines, and to be done.  If it were not a free book, I'd be asking for a refund.
I was really disappointed in this book.  The method of storytelling, while unusual and somewhat poetic, is rambling and almost painful to stay with.  I did manage to finish it, but only because I forced myself to read to the end, not because I enjoyed it.  The author slips key parts of the story into rambling text, to the point where I had to go back and reread a sentence or even a paragraph to verify that I had read it right.  (Did he just say that?  Did that really just happen?  In the middle of a nothing paragraph?)  Things don't need to be pointed out to me, but I find this style of writing very anti-climactic.  I won't spoil the end, but I will say the entire book was just depressing and disappointing.
As most will tell you, there is no single GR book that someone can read and come away feeling that GR is understood.  This was indeed my experience.  I started using Weinberg in an advanced undergrad class and then used Meisner et al. in graduate school.  Sure, I solved loads of problems, but I still felt like I didn't get it.  I then read "Tensors, Differential Forms..." by Lovelock & Rund and felt better about the math but I needed to understand the fundamental physics better.  I then read Wald and made a little more progress, but needed to put it all together.  This is where Demystified comes in to sew together an understanding of both the nitty gritty and big picture.  (I then later found the freely available notes by Sean Carroll, who incidentally was a class ahead of me at my undergrad.  His notes, and likely the book based on these notes, are great for tying together the math and physics in a way a physicist thinks - perhaps the best of the lot.)Anyway, Demystified has it strengths and weaknesses:STRENGTHS* Detailed Solutions: sometimes you just need to see someone trudge through calculations and their tricks to get the feel for the calculations.  After all, physicists spend most of their time calculating things.* Intuitive Feel: in several areas, the author provides an intuitive feel for what some elements represent, e.g. the Stress-Energy tensor.WEAKNESSES* Typographical Errors: the book is littered with them, in the text and equations.  These could leave a novice reader scratching his head.* Physics Errors: the most glaring on p.163.  See Marion "Classical Dynamics" p. 326 for the correct solution.* Vacillating Notation: for example, sometimes the covariant derivative is an upside-down delta, sometimes it's a comma.  There are many infractions of this.* Gravitational Waves:  the book falls apart in this final section.Use this book if you already have a good understanding of advanced physics and mathematics and some exposure to GR.I don't think it would be helpful to many others.
For some readers 10th Anniversary maybe an excellent read. In some respects, yes, in mine, not so much. Why? If you live in the San Francisco/Oakland bayarea, you'll know why. A few errors made, like, Grace Cathedral is not a Catholic church, but a very well known and respected church of another faith. In general, the Women's Murder club series in OK, but like I wrote early on, not this one. I found errors as to court procedures and when dectective Lindsay and one of her bests friends, Claire, from the ME's office, travel go to Oregon in search a new born baby boy. Here we find that Lindsay and Claire find the child and with the assistance of the local sheriff, bring the boy back to San Francisco. I wish it was that easy. No court orders of any kind from California or Oregon. You cannot legally bring a person from one county to another, via a warrant, in California, wit out that person waiving their rights or going before the court. And now we're crossing state lines? The FBI would be envolved here. As for the climax of the murder trial, the district attorney and the court do not have the authorthity to have an convicted killer, a doctor no less, be given a ten year sentence and be released in five and continue her medical practice as a heart surgeon. I am going to assume that this is the writers privelege to do so. However, for myself after spending thirty plus years in law enforcement, I just found of the cicumstances a stretch.DP 2/18/13
I just can't believe that John Grisham is a major player in current fiction scene and is considered to be in the same league with Tom Clancy and Stephen King (though I don't like horror stories at all but at least SK  knows how to form a sentence). I have read all JG's books and the only ones  I enjoyed were &quot;The Chamber &quot; and &quot;The Rainmaker&quot;. His  worst book ever, to me, was &quot;The Partner&quot; and the &quot;Street  Lawyer&quot; could be a hot contender for that position had it not been for  the subject which I found thought provoking (that's why 2 stars). It seems  that JG has run out of ideas (which were never abundant to him in the first  place) but his books are at least serving one purpose i.e. we have one less  lawyer to worry about.Sorry Mr. Grisham, but from now-onwards, you are  on my &quot;borrow only&quot; authors list.
This book I'd not recommend to anyone, friend or enemy,unless they had specific strong-ignorance about self-perpetuating habits, or behavior-forms,that was somehow threatening their survival, and even a poisonous antidote became necessary.This describes her experience training as a "witch", to some extent,but a lot of the book's focus/meaning is on the Shadow, which one can "throw" on someone else, when one's life ends.One's "shadow" is, to great extent, one's life-habit.The shadow-throwing in the book?A guy whose job it was to go 'round poisoning dogs had a helper,who ended up doing exactly the same job,not understanding why that happened.They also mention that this is why people who work in nursing homes usually end up spendingmore than the normal amount of time living in the things,at the end of their own lives:they've accumulated shadows that embedded 'em in that habit-condition.My experience strongly suggests that it's true, that people have such force-habits,or "shadow"s,and use 'em unconsciously to enforce their habits/"choices" on the next generation.Never, however, will I recommend this book to anyone who wants to grow their health,because of the toxicity of the story of the dog-poisoners,within the story of Florinda's training,within this book.Poisonous, instructive, informative, and poisonous.
I have enjoyed this series of books and looked forward to the last installment, but I was totally disappointed in the ending of this tale.  Overall, the book was boring, I kept waiting for something to happen and it never did.  Nothing gets resolved in this book.  All of those little mysteries are still mysteries and there a several more that have been added.  I do not want to read another one.  The author had a perfect opportunity to reward the very patient audience (as well as the Baudelaires), with some kind of resolution, but I guess he decided that there was no point in resolving anything at all.  What happened to the damn sugar bowl?????  Please do not punish us with another book.  Very Disappointing.
I thought it was the biggest waste of time.Following the recent death of JD Salinger, I realized I had never read this classic. I had often heard it referred to, especially in circles of child behavioral disability and learning disabilities, so having raised one of those boys, I thought I would take a peek.I think the argument in favor was that it was different for it's time. A &#34;coming of age&#34; story, and was resonated with due to the theme of teenage angst. Published in 1945, I can only imagine the uproar it caused due to the rawness of the material (tame by today's standards, so actually boring). If I consider the climate of 1945 and how teens were supposed to be behaving and perceived, this would have been one of those books that caused such a stink that people would buy it and read it just to see what the stink was about. Controversy sells. Sort of like The Last Temptation of Christ. Nothing makes me want to read or see something quite like people saying &#34;don't do it...it is horrible&#34;.I'm going to step into the character of Holden and tell you how he would tell you about this book:&#34;I can't believe all the goddamn phonies who say this is such a hot book and all, I really can't. I mean, what I mean is, it's just a book of random thoughts for chrissake. The entire book takes place in like 3 or 4 days of my lousy life after finding out I had been kicked out of yet one more fancy-pants school my parents wanted me to go to, and what I did during those days, and the junk I thought about. Seemed more like a million years that four or so days. It would depress the hell out of you if you read it, it really would, if you wanna know the truth. I don't see the goddamn point. Literary people are just a bunch of phonies who think something is good and tell people its good when it really isn't. They kill me, they really do.&#34;That's it to me! Those types of phrases are throughout the entire book. I've got no problem with swearing, but it was about every other sentence, so got monotonous. I could care less about the moral objections to the book. By today's standards, it's no big deal. A kid who gets access to alcohol, goes to bars, swears, drops out of school and contemplates hooking up with chicks. No big deal.Mostly, I was BORED. The book was not a compelling read. And I kept waiting for it to GO somewhere.From a mental health professional standpoint, I think all the buzz about Holden representing a kid with mental illness and or learning disabilities is a bit of a stretch. It could be ANY kid. He could go through those phases in his rebellion of finding himself as separate from his affluent background. On the other hand, I could clearly see the signs of extreme anxiety, mood swings, obsessive compulsive thought/behavior, and repeated school failure despite demonstrating high intelligence...so it could or it couldn't be indicative...worthy of seeing a counselor for sure. Seems like he was invisible to his parents unless he was in trouble.He was a sensitive guy who clearly loved his siblings, but had zero tolerance for what he perceived as &#34;phonies&#34; and an inordinately adept skill for seeing hipocracy everywhere. He had no ability to see the gray...all was black and white, good or bad, love or hate and he couldn't make up his mind which way he swung on any moment. He appeared to long to be understood, heard and assisted but all anyone could do was show him his failures, not assist him with a path he could be successful with. And there was HUMOR. I laughed a few times. There was raw honesty and I could see some of my feelings as a teen portrayed in him.So I guess I understand the potential value, but thought it was the most boring book on the planet...I really did...a godddam bore for chrissake...with a bunch of &#34;emperor's new clothes&#34; critics pushing it to stardom. I think also, the fact that J.D. Salinger stayed in seclusion and did not seek or want or welcome fame, made him a mysterious figure that people became interested in and his very avoidance of fame pushed him unwillingly toward it.I don't think it should be banned from schools, and I have no real problem with teens reading it (I don't think it seems a good idea for grade or Jr high schools), but I'm not sure where the real value of reading it is...is it assumed because of the questionable subject matter kids will want to read it and it is a way to get &#34;the medicine to go down&#34;? I guess with the right group, the very discussion of &#34;why in the world did this get to be a classic?&#34; is a good discussion place. So I have no moral objection, I just fail to see the value in it.It is a &#34;classic&#34; so I know there must be a lot of fans of it out there.  Tell me why you loved or hated it, or if you fall somewhere in between.  I'm glad I can say I read it, so I can be one of those phonies who at least knows what it's about rather than always wondering.  Yet I also feel like it is a few hours of my life lost that I'll never get back and could have spent on something better.
I hated this book. It's written from the perspective of a mentally retarded person. I had a lot of difficulty getting the tone of the person and relating. I'd say it was very similar to the feel of &#34;Room&#34;. I like to read books that make you feel good at the end, or even provide some kind of a useful message. This seemed like a waste of time. Basically, a neighbor's dog turns up murdered and the guy makes it his mission (despite being told otherwise) to solve the crime.
I read a lot of these types of books. I usually always enjoy them. I was definitely not impressed with this book. I'm not a statistician by any stretch, but it just seems like there is very little original thought in the book. I would think most anyone with at least a Masters in stats could write this book based solely on what they've learned in school.
While Eckel is certainly an expert in the realm of Java programming this book is certainly not appropriate for beginners to the Java language.  I happen to agree with another reviewer that commented that the book requires a BS in Computer Science in order to read it.  I teach Java at the college level and found the book to be too complex and tied up with too many details for anyone who wants to be a true student of beginning Java programming.  The book is nice overall but at times difficult to read and follow.
The problem with fables is that they are, at heart, sermons and most people don't want a sermon on a daily basis. However, if your sermon is interesting and funny and speaks to the world people see and understand, then people listening to it (or reading your fables) will not mind a little preaching. Aesop understood this, as did Jesus. I'm not so certain Arnold Lobel does. While he has a nice idea, the stories in this collection are dry and preachy and the only truly great part of the book is the wonderful illustrations, which are humorous and interesting, everything his fables aren't. If you've got a hankerin' for fables, then go to the source--Aesop. Old, but still good.
I think there is a good book in here someplace. The author is knowledgeable and has a conversational writing style that is easy to read. The problem is the footnotes. The footnotes comprise half of the book! That's just ridiculous, especially when one of them is several pages long and is a rambling ode to the author's soccer career as a youth and has nothing whatsoever to do with the text from which it's linked.My advice to the author: in the second edition, get an editor to clean up the footnote problem. Much of the information could be worked into the main body of your book. Almost all of the rest belongs in a different book, your memoirs.My advice to readers: read just the main text and ignore the footnotes. You'll enjoy the book more, and you'll learn a lot about beer and how it's made.
I like science fiction.  This book was not scifi, it was a love story.  I like love stories too but only those with happy endings, and this one did not end happily.  Despite figuring out the ending half-way through, I continued reading.  Other reviewers have provided lots of details about the plot so I won't address it.  However, I do agree with the reviewers who stated that Henry was not a pedophile, Clare was shallow and shallowly drawn (she wanted a child even though she knew Henry had defective chromosomes), and the best part of the book was Alba whom we weren't told a lot about.  It would have been interesting to me as a scifi fan had the author tried to really explain what, why and how was happening to Henry.
While &quot;Catherine, Called Birdy&quot; has quite an admirable character, Catherine, this book is not worth your time or your money.While reading quite good plots that appear every fifty pages or so, Catherine's first-person writing style fails at making a reader care about the outcome of a conflict. This book being 205 pages, there is excess setting description compared to character development, of which there is very little.Catherine potrays an admirable character of which many might look up to, yet at countless times her immature manner may sicken you.There are, however, many aspects of &quot;Catherine, Called Birdy&quot; that are notable. This book succeeds at showing many relationships in a person's life, including daughter-father/mother, sister-brother, female-suitor, and friend-friend. The one true conflict in the story (there are many small conflicts that are quickly forgotten by a reader, for only one conflict sticks out) is rather interesting and filled with potential. This potential is brutally killed by a disappointing ending and a very poor writing style.Don't waste your time or your money.
I have been reading Grisham since the beginning and genuinely like his books. The last couple of books before &quot;The Partner&quot; had been rather bland, but &quot;The Partner&quot; displayed a Grisham ready to be daring and different, and not play connect-the-dots with his plots. I feel cheated with &quot;The Street Lawyer.&quot; This one shows that - for all intents and purposes - he's forgotten how to let the characters be themselves. I was unconvinced in 90% of the scenes. Also, I think Grisham - like many of this country's highest paid celebrities (i.e., movie stars and recording artists) - is hypocritical in his constant slander of the rich. When he is one and shows no signs of intending to become otherwise. I admire his social consciousness; I despise his over-simplifying of the issue.
This wasn't really my kind of book. I wanted to learn more about investing but after reading only a few pages of "Trading from your Gut" I realized that this book wasn't the most credible source to learn it from. Sorry, but the author is promising a can't lose strategy of investing and even I know that that's wishful thinking when it comes to real life investments. And trading based on your instincts seems a bit too loosely defined to teach other people. But on the plus side the author is an entertaining writer and makes it easy to read his book. Maybe other people will get more out of this book than I did.
This is yet another of a long line of management books that get dragged into a company with nice ideas but absolutely no way to implement them.  Yes, I have worked in dull, bad and obnoxious places.  But if any of those dragged one of these books in, and other books have been dragged in, it's more demoralizing than helpful.  That is because of poor managers who are the real problem and never take any of these programs to heart and humble themselves to learn.  A book isn't going to fix it and more often than not it is used as a way to put pressure on the staff.  I am a C-level manager and leader and would not bring one of these kind of books in as a solution to the workplace or allow my managers to unless they walked their talk.  Otherwise it merely becomes the realization of a Dilbert joke.  I am sure Ms. Emmerich is very motivational and inspiring in person but change in an organization comes from leadership becoming better about letting the staff do their jobs in the best way they know how, using creativity, identifying the problems and making the place better, then recognizing and rewarding their hard work.  But if this book makes things click for someone to step up and be a better leader than more power to it!  No one wants to work for jerks or someplace that borders on absurdity.  Everyone has their limits as human beings.  As a whole this is really more a motivational and management "style" book.
In the book there is nothing you can't figure out yourself in no time, if you want to do real estate business. If one needs learn anything from this book, he is unlikely to be success in real estate business (or any business for that matter).
Find a group of like-minded people. Find a mentor willing to invest a lot of time in you. Pick one or more of the many businesses available out there. Diversify.There! Two rows summarize the whole book. You really don't need to read it. The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the page on "hard money lender." Sorry to say that but the book is there to make money for the author, not for the readers.
The chapters of Edmund White's My Lives may be named My Mother, My Hustlers, My Master, but he jumps from subject to subject with no transitions. He acknowledges his partner for being the first to hear what Edmund has written. But obviously the partner is no editor. The book should be titled My Digressions. Because White can vividly describe a person in few words, we think he has depth. He doesn't. His astuteness hides shallowness. His writing deserves better content. He writes to be read: He craves approval. When he sleeps with someone, he wonders how the lover perceives him. When he writes, he wonders how the reader will perceive him. He knows that all his life he has been able to charm people into loving him; now he thinks he can tell us everything, especially the things he considers disgusting, and that he will able to still self-depreciatingly charm us. "Here I am," he might as well write, "faults and all. Now love me. Or (preferably) not." After all his therapy he has not learned that no one can validate him except himself. How can we love-how can we read-a man with this much self-hatred? He has become what he fears most: boring.
Overall this book could have been half as long and still had the same info.  The author feels compelled to talk about his personal stories and examples for illustration.Most disconcerting is his constant reference to Tony Robbins and Alternative Medicine techniques of Muscle-Testing used in Applied Kinesiology.  These might be OK for those interested in such paths, but I had little patience or interest in them; I prefer my footnotes and examples to come from peer-reviewed journals.Overall his ideas are OK.  He talks about using heart rate monitors to gauge your optimal heart rate...then goes into his own definitions of Mostly Aerobic Pace (MAP) Most Efficient Pace (MEP) and Speedy Anaerobic Pace (SAP) target heart rate ranges.I don't know if there are better books on this subject on the market.  This one has some good info in it, but not 300 pages worth of riveting, motivating reading.  I got a lot more, and better, info from Jeff Galloway's books which advocate slow running with walk breaks.  But if it gets some people out there running....
The first 56 pages of this book is Livermore's original text of "How to Trade in Stocks", which has the distinctive style as one finds in "Reminiscence of a stock operator". This first 56 pages are pure gold except the great Richard Smitten had taken liberty to alter the fonts and font sizes in many places he saw fit, in so doing he butchered, if not destroyed, an originally perfect creation.The next 120 pages are paraphrase of Livermore's works by Richard Smitten. It's more than frustrating to read and experience Smitten's pre-school level grammar, vocabulary, and editorial  skill. He blended his own comments and thoughts with Livermore's words throughout the 120 pages, but he repeated the same thing again and again with unbearably poor literary style and abuse of words - there's no consistency in his use of fonts, font sizes, or signs. Some words are misspelled, and some sentences don't make any sense! It's so painful to read Smitten's "creative" narrative that I felt sick to continue reading.The last 8 pages are Livermore's original "Market Key" and followed by 12 pages of Livermore's trading records/examples using his "Market Key". I don't know if this is still beneficial to traders with today's computerized charting service.If not for the low price of this title, I wouldn't have purchased this book. I would pay more for the book if Richard Smitten and the publisher would print only Livermore's original text exactly as it was. Livermore's every word is gold, Smitten's every word is trash, it's hard to enjoy it when you mix the two together.
This was one of those books which it seemed to me everyone else had read but me.  So, I got it.  This book elicited from me the same emotional response that I would also feel if attending a party of a friend of a friend of a friend; that is to say, slightly out of place but not in an unpleasant way but, not something to look forward to either.  It was, the complete absence of feeling yet without being a sort of numbness.  I felt neither highs nor lows.  I realized upon completing this short tome of mediocrity that I realized I had not missed out on anything nor had I felt an intellectual or emotional loss. I will say that if anything, I perhaps felt pity...for myself and for Holden, but only slightly.This little literary jaunt firmly re-established in my mind a thorough understanding that the absence of pain is not pleasure and the absence of pleasure is certianly not pain either.  As a former co-worker would answer to the &quot;How are ya&quot; question on Monday morning, this book is an emphatic &quot;medium.&quot;  A thoroughly break-even book.I neither encourage nor discourage.  There are certianly books which make you feel smarter (or at least accomplished) upon completion and there are other books which make you feel dumber when you close the back cover.  &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; is neither.  I will say, however, with great enthusiasm, that, in my opinion, this is not a love/hate book but I would have prefered to have read something else.
With so many people raving about this book this is hard for me to say, but somebody has to. This book is not that good. It is frustrating, self indulgent and ridiculous. As I read it I couldn't help but think that I was stuck in the front row watching bad British Theater. You know, the type of theater where the main character is a bumbling buffoon and everyone around him reacts to his antics in a manner designed to only encourage him. Meanwhile you're sitting there screaming in you head, "Just stop it! STOP IT! Stop behaving like complete idiots."The reviews of this book use phrases like, "comic masterpiece", "obscenely funny", and "explosion of comedy."  Wow. With praise like that how could this book be anything but hilarious? But it's not hilarious nor is it obscenely funny and I am still waiting for the explosion of comedy. Ignatius is one of those characters who everyone has run into at some time in their life and has made every effort to avoid. He is a train wreck. He is outlandish, misguided, loud, arrogant and overly impressed by his own intellect. I wouldn't want someone like that in my life and while I was reading this book, I couldn't wait to get him out of my head.If you have not read this book, please, by all means, read it. When you are done come back and post your thoughts. Don't be intimidated by all the positive reviews. I have a feeling that there is a huge silent majority that is simply afraid to speak the truth. The emperor is naked and this book is not funny.I would bet that those that give this book such great reviews think that Benny Hill is a comic genius.
Like the firm itself, the draw of this book is the McKinsey name, and the perception that they *must* know something special.  Content-wise you could do better with the user manual for your HP 12C calculator.  If the book serves any useful purpose it's to strip a little more of the paint off the McKinsey facade.  Read it, but check it out from the library because there's nothing in it you will want to reference later.
The DVD does not work!I tried it on my computer, on my laptop and on my DVD player and it didn't work. The DVD is supposed to have articulation exercises that are essential to the program. The instructions are in the book but are difficult to follow.The program is focused more on non-native English speakers and not a native English speaker like myself. As such I found an overabundance of technical information on correct tongue placement and other anatomical advice that I didn't really need.It's very technical. I can't imagine how someone with English as a second language would be able to understand easily. There are also large groups of practice words that didn't have accompanying CD tracks. What's the point if I couldn't have a chance to see if my pronunciation is correct?All in all it wasn't worth the money spent.
This is a story about two people in love, but it does not have a happy ending.  The book follows the two main characters to their deaths, which left me feeling sad.  There were also many unanswered questions.  It is a very unusual book.  I've never read anything like it, so someone wanting a change of pace might like it.  It includes descriptions of days in the lives of Clare and Henry.  It starts in 1991, the next scene is 1968, the next scene is 1988, the next scene is 1977, etc.  They first meet when Henry, as an adult, travels back in time to 1968 and meets Clare who is 5 years old.  He continues to meet her every so many months as she grows up.  Finally, in 1991, they meet and stay in the same time period, Clare is 28 and Henry is 36.  After that they marry.  Henry continues to jump around in time.  He has no control over it.  He may be sitting at dinner, then his body disappears, he is naked in another place and time for a few hours.  He needs to steal clothes and sometimes money in that other place.  Then he is brought back to the present, naked again.  He goes back in time and forward in time.  Most of the scenes in the book are about the mundane events in everyday life, they cooked this, ate that, went to work, went dancing, got drunk, talked to people, etc.CAUTION SPOILERS:Clare spends her life waiting for Henry.  She waits during her growing up years for each next time that she will see him.  He dies at age 43, but Clare continues living until 82.  The book isn't clear about what she does in the meantime, but I got the feeling that she never fell in love with anyone else and just waited the rest of her life to die and to be with Henry in death.  Too sad for me.I was frustrated for Clare in that Henry never wanted to tell her what would happen in the future.  But, he would give her dates in advance of when she could expect to see him.  When he knew the date of his death, he never told her until right before it happened.  I don't know if this was good or bad.  I think I would have wanted to know date of death in advance and a few other things as well.Sexual content: a few scenes with strong language.  Setting: 1968 to 2053, mostly in Chicago, Illinois.  Copyright: 2003.  Genre: time travel human relationships fiction.
Boring for my three and five year old.  Too much talking, not enough action with the music. We were hoping for songs that made them jump, run, dance,
On the recommendation of a relative, I read this book. Wow. It feels like it was written by somebody's maiden aunt. In fact, the entire town seems populated by old ladies, males included. The boy in the story came across as written by someone who never has contact with anyone under 50. I like a cozy story as well as the next person--but I do prefer that the characters act like adults and don't spend their lives dithering around ineffectively. Stay far, far away from this series.
When you reach page 300 of a book and it's still boring, STOP. NOT ONE WORD MORE. Any optimism won't change the unread content. Unless money has been tucked as a bookmark later on, you won't miss a thing. &quot;Grapes of  Wrath&quot; made me want to have a glass of wine and plot my revenge on  those who have declared it a classic. Oh well. At least the title was  interesting.
Most buzz words for e-commerce are contained in this superficial book but no meat.Not useful for learning Websphere so you should go to the IBM site or wait for a decent book to be published.The book's illustrations are inconsistent with the version on the included CD.
surprised not a good book ,not as good as step 1 and not complete not easy to read .I guess have to look for another resource for step 2 this is not a good option .
I was assigned to read this book in a Southern Fiction class and for the life of me, I don't understand what I was supposed to get out of it that was beneficial.  The book is basically about a white guy who has lent money to a brotha for a car.  When the car gets into an accident, the brotha takes the car back to the white guy thinking he's going to repair the car because of the insurance he got.  Instead of the car being fixed, this situation turns into a shoot-out, in which conniving lawyers, crooked judges, honest judges, and a guilty town come to honor and loathe the man on trial.Cons: The principle of the book about racism and how rich people can bypass the government was important to those gullible people who believe that the law is ALWAYS on your side.  But, I don't understand why the author even bothered to give the young girl who died a history--when the trial comes, her history becomes irrelevant besides knowing the psycho's wife.  The last few chapters were a pointless story about lawyers and judges arresting people for having facial hair; I thought that dumbed the book down quite a bit.  It amazes me that there's only one ambulance in the whole town and all the cops are partying, especially in a town that thinks there are so many troublemakers (i.e. blacks) running rampant, so the way this story ended was like "Yeah right."  Minus the psycho and his wife, the two other relationships in this book seemed to be in there for decoration because they didn't lend to the story.Pros:  The book was a pageturner, no matter how many scenes were unnecessary.  I also liked how honest the author was about how the legal system really works for upper class people.  When the safes were opened, what was inside had my mouth on the floor--how CRAZY was that guy?
There are a few good quotes on this book but most of the material is outdated or has been proved wrong, the author analysis of female partners, both silent and women abusers, is based on outdated sexist ideas, while the topic of women abusers and enablers is still ignored there have been new research about it.It has been proven that there are many women abusers who don't depend on a man to abuse, the idea that all women are passive, unable to abuse, asexual and dependent is based on purely sexist notions that are harmful for survivors of women abusers and enablers. What this author does is not the answer for the other side of the spectrum of always blaming the mother for incest.Please, if you are a victim of a woman abuser do not read this book, it will paint your abuser into a puppet for a male presence in her life that it's no longer considered realistic.This book is also not gender neutral while claiming to be gender neutral, there are books that claim to be for women and have women in the title that can be far more useful for people of other genders, this book will not be helpful for male survivors and survivors who are not women.The Freudian tone of the book is completely wrong, no incest book should mention Freudian theories except to say what was used against abuse survivors and old information.The author clearly believes all abusers are dysturbed, which is not based on research, specially when talking about women, both abusers and enablers, he confuses mental illness with abusive behaviours and calls those women "psychotic" obviously the author has no idea of the current meaning of psychotic, most psychotic people have no abusive behaviours or support abuse, people who are psychotic in any form are frequently victims, there is no link between a " psychotic personality" and being the partner of an abuser. It's completely possible for the character profile of the male abuser described in this book to fit in most female abusers.I have found some useful parts of this book because I have read many books about child sexual abuse and incest and was able to see clearly what was wrong and what just made me angry because of being harmful notions about abuse, if this is your first reading please don't buy this book, use it only to complement a long research about the topic after reading better books. It will be confusing and bring misinformation to you mixed with good analysis and for a first reading it will be hard to know what is not right here.The examples of patients are dry and simplistic, the point of view of a researcher and not a victim is obvious in his tone and examples where the patient is ruined, depressed ans suicidal but comes to a hospital, is treated by the author and after some simplistic work the patient turns into a magical normal and confident women and is able to leave the hospital, sadly many non-survivors who write about this topic has this view and talk about recovery and their own skills in a very non-realistic way.The author is also unable to speak about general incest and always talks about father-daughter in the chapters that shouldn't be specific.I'm sure this book has been helpful for some people who fit the narrow examples of the book, I'm glad that it does and this is why it has good reviews but do not let this book be your only Incest and abuse book even if it's useful for you since there is a lot of outdated information here, complement your reading with better and if possible newer books and read books by survivors and psychologists to have a better and clear view of this complex topic.Edit: I should also warn that this book is homophobic and mentions homosexuality as symptom of incest.It's too forgiving of abusers, using wrong "motives" to explain their actions and leaves a bad impression of male survivors, both by male and female abusers but for different reasons.
There were so many boxes with extra content that interrupted the main flow of the book that my ADHD couldn't take it. I would try to read the main text of the chapter, but so many extra boxes demanded to be read that broke it up and killed the flow. My classmates all complained about this text, too. It has a lot of useful information that will become quickly dated, but it's too cluttered and chaotic.
I had a Spanish exchange student stay with me for 6 months. We used this book to help her with English. I do not recommend it for someone who is still learning English. Although she had 6 years of English in her Spanish school and was excellent with written English grammar, this book takes grammar to a level that most Americans do not ever need. I do not have it at hand now to reference, but the type of instruction was very technical and not usable/relate-able to real life.I recommend instead: Expeditions into English: A Beginning Integrated Skills Series and Beginning English Day by Day by Michael Roddy. These two books take the ESL learner through every day events like getting an ID, going to the doctor, meeting people and asking questions, etc. We worked these two books together and laughed and learned. Not boring at all.We had all three books and rarely used the English Grammar for ESL Learners. It was just too grammatically technical.
The writing is needlessly complicated, and the examples aren't explained well and are always much easier than the end-of-section problems, which always seem to draw on material that wasn't covered.  Regarding the layout, there's no organization at all.  Usually, the theorems are broken out from the text so that you can't miss them, but not here; they didn't bother to break the information up in any meaningful way.  I give it one star for being small and lightweight, and another star because one of the authors is named James Brown and it made me think of &#34;Funky Drummer&#34;.
I have read over two thousand books and Murakami wrote probably my favorite all time novel (Wind Up Bird Chronicle). I went onto EBAY and found his works that are not available in the states. I say all of this so that you can see I am a Murakami fanatic and would love nothing more than a new great novel by one of my favorite authors. But this here is not a good book and I wish that I had not read it.This work does not hold together, it is a hundred little components that have been carelessly pasted together. Murakami's genius still comes forward time and time again, but frustratingly so. I think that Murakami just got plain lazy and did not undergo the rigerous re-writing period needed in order to bring his ideas out. And the shame of it is that Murakami's "effortless style" that is so appealing to the reader needs an iron hand to formulate.I think that the best way to read this book is to open it up at random, read a few passages, ponder it and then put it down. By this I mean to say that if you treat his prose here like poetry I think that you would get more out of 'Kafka'.Perhaps the main concrete complaint that I have here is that a certain sense of mystery is missing in this book. Murakami has lost a little of this in his last couple of books I think. 'Kafka' is filled with the possibility of mystery here, but it is all feeling so forced and expected. You might very well get quite a bit more enjoyment out of reading actual Kafka short stories. I would recommend his complete short story anthology, as most of his better ones are not in Metamorphosis. Other authors you might want to check out would be Helprin and his book 'A Winters Tale,' or a collection of Borges fiction (Borges is a little dryer than Murakami or Kafka, but very much on the same level). Lastly, if you have not yet read all of Murakami, you might want to find his own collection of short stories, he really shines in his endeavors regarding this medium.
Summer before 7th grade, forced to read as part of summer reading.  I do not recommend this book to anyone unless you want to get into deeper state of depression.
I took this book out of my not-usual-branch library and was looking forward to the weekend to start reading it. I have enjoyed Goldsmith's books in the past and was expecting interesting characters and a decent plot. This was a huge letdown.Tracie is a self-centered, shallow ninny (she has the depth of a melted popsicle). We learn very little about her as a person, other than the fact she is attracted to emotionally unavailable men. I couldn't get a clear picture in my mind's eye of what she looked like, something I expect from good fiction.Jon is a stereotype - a nerd in the dot.com IT industry. Do we really believe he would give up his own morals so quickly and bedhop like his hated father did? This did not make any sense and was incongruous with the Jon who was introduced at the start of the book. He was irritating. The subplot with his father's ex-wives was actually quite interesting, but Goldsmith drops it to focus on Tracie's drab, little life.Other cliches: Molly the snappy, mouthy waitress who sees everything and dispenses psychology and philosophy with the alacrity of a talk-show shrink; Phil the bad boy in the band (other than being good in bed, he is poorly defined - Goldsmith could have played up his narcissistic tendencies more. At least he had the potential to be more interesting than the leads.) Laura, another dispenser of common sense and wisdom, proferring farm cakes with support, like a surrogate mother to Tracie (who acts 12 instead of her alleged age) - she has been done dozens of times in the past, and much better than Goldsmith's interpretation.You could see who was going to end up together very early in the book. By the time the ending came, I no longer cared.As for the inaccuracies about Seattle, this is sloppy writing and bad research. Why did she base a book in a city she knew little about? It being in Seattle, other than the high-tech element of the city, was irrelevant to the plot.As for the newspaper stuff, as others have indicated, this was completely out in left field. It might have been more realistic to base this at a fashion magazine than a newspaper. For one thing, she would have been reporting to the Lifestyle Editor for the most part, not the editor in chief or managing editor. Her work schedule was also a joke. And are we really to believe that she ended up with the job she took at the end to get some money? Seattle/Tacoma area is big enough to get a pile of different writing or editing jobs.The book was a hugely disappointing on a pile of different levels. It lacked heart.
I'm not here to talk about the crimes during WW2 in which over 400 million people ( during the war and after ) died.I'm here because the author is very very fishy.A Jewish man born in Hungary ( as he claims ) with a birth certificate in Romanian language , which never attended school , with no number tattooed on his arm, already blamed by another Jewish survivor  for stealing his identity...yet stands here  , in Universities, next to Obama , making a fortune to teach us and to tell us stories that he never experienced in his life.He should be ashamed to speak in the name of people that suffered or died.
I passed the lab in March of 2003.  I could only suggest the book to those just starting their studies.  For those just about ready to go to the lab, let's say with 3 months to go before lab date, this won't be of much help.  Practice labs need to be HARDER than the CCIE Lab.If you are going to spend your time going for the CCIE, you MAY (I repeat MAY) want to start with this one, but review it to make sure they have changed the technologies!  As of the last writing which I own, it's outdated.Out of all of the time I spent on the CCIE preperation, I used this about 1% of my total study time.  I guess that sums it up.
I read this book almost 20 years ago, but my feelings about it have dimmed not at all:  THIS WAS EXCRUCIATING TO READ!!!From overdone prose to long-winded sentences that go nowhere, from punchless dialogue to non-existent suspense, this was the worst book I have ever read. I don't recommend this over-praised book to anyone unless they're having trouble inducing a headache for themself to suffer.
Has it been 10 years since I first read of Jaimie Fraser and Claire? Yes, and in that time, I have finished graduate school, moved and started a career. Perhaps that is why I don't have to time to read such a LONG book with such leisurely pacing anymore. I have had the book a month and finally read it while down with the flu for three days.Jaime can still make my heart(and other bits) ache, and Gabaldon certainly has a way with words and description, but I have to agree with several of the readers. I think the story has stalled by not allowing Jaime to travel FORWARD into Claire's time, the 1960's. I think the intrique is just getting out of hand, I need a scorecard to figure out who is doing what to whom and hiding what from whom. I'm not overly interested in Brianna as a person, though I found Roger's  throat injury and his (solitary, thanks for nothing, Brianna)recovery compelling. Bree doesn't seem to have much use for Roger, she lacks the fierceness and utter LOVE that Claire has for Jaime.  I must have lost the thread of the earlier stories, because the whole Stephen Bonnet thing leaves me cold, and is it just me or does Bree have kind of a weird &quot;thing&quot; for the creepy criminal rapist?I enjoy seeing Jaime as an elder statesman, and would prefer to think of he and Claire aging gracefully and living a full span of years, which may not happen if Gabaldon follows down the path of &quot;foretelling the future&quot; with the burning cabin and charred remains. Gulp. My heart still sighs for that young Highland laddie Jaime was...and I think a part of me doesn't want to know of his ultimate future.I may not finish the series for that reason alone.
Predictable plot and I did not like all the flashback writing which seemed to happen every time I actually almost got into the real time story.  I prefer longer novels and the large lettering in the kindle version makes the length very deceiving.
I don't know if JP is still writing or he is now retired and someone else do the job for him, for instance: in plot B why the "bad guy" killed? He has a reason to do it? Why his boss wanted those people dead? Who was this guy? Many questions no answers.Plot A: Anybody can tell me what's about the math professor? What has to do Christine -Alis mother in the plot? Why did AC take his whole family to his honeymoon?And I can go on and on with questions without answers.
There are a few things wrong with this book.  The novel BELOVED by Toni Morrison is a terrible example for writers to follow.  There are 11 point of view shifts in the first 17 pages of BELOVED.  If you read reviews of that novel on amazon, you'll see that a large number of people find that book very disjointed and not at all pleasant to read.  A fundamental of fiction writing is to stick with one point of view for an entire scene or chapter.  I promise you, that if you switch point of views as often as Morrison, no one will read your work and it will be rejected.  So I strongly disagree with Sexton that this is a good model for writers learning the craft.Another bad example is Faulkner's AS I LAY DYING. If you are writing from the limited third person, filtering everything through the mind of one character in a scene, that character can't know what's going on inside a house many miles away from him, yet Daryl (mysteriously) has this ability to witness his mother's death when he is many miles away from home.  AS I LAY DYING is another novel that many readers struggle with and that appeals to a limited audience -- although it's not  the disjointed mess that BELOVED is.Some of the works of James Joyce like Ulysses, which Sexton sees as the greaest master piece in modern fiction, again has a very limited reading audience and I don't think makes for a good example for new writers to use as a model.Sexton is clealy biased toward the sort of literature that is -- rightly or wrongly -- considered great by an intellectual elite group, but is not enjoyed by many people who like conventional literary classics and basic contemporary literary realism.There's no mention or instruction of anything other than literary realism.  Science fiction, mystery, horror, etc are not mentioned at all.Sexton has never written published fiction -- at least I don't see any novels of his on amazon and I've never come across a short story of his,if he writes them.  This book is very much the approach of a non-fiction writing professor toward the subject of fiction writing.  He can't write fiction, so why is he trying to teach others how to write it?  Why is he so attracted to difficult stream of conscious writing?I learned some things from the book, but it's not a good book on fiction writing.
Well, it should be re-titled, &#34;Figuring out Life for Dummies&#34;.  If you don't know this stuff already, then there's probably not much hope for ya out there!!A waste of money. Simple-minded.  An acquaintance told me she had received it as a gift because she was having trouble with life's changes. I should've considered the source and not bought this!!  :-)
I bought this book because somebody recommended it as a supplement to Rosetta Stone.  But this book is a waste of time.  The author must have been paid by the word count.  Example:  a written practice consisting of repeating "Ich heise ..." with Karl, Angela, Herr Bauer, Thomas, Frau Kamps, and Gudrun Klein, with a line in the book for each name.  I ended up deleting this waste-of-space book from my Kindle.  I replaced it with the excellent "iRef Guide, German Grammar, Kindle Edition" by Scott Shay.
I have to agree with what most reviewers say about Camus' THE PLAGUE:  it is definitely not an easy book to read.  If I had to describe the book in a simple phrase, it would have to be something like: an existentialist account of a series of profound Dostoevskian characters facing the utmost adversity, a relentless plague, which is an allegory of the evil mankind faces on a daily basis.It is absolutely inevitable for me to compare THE PLAGUE with Jose Saramago's BLINDNESS, and the latter is, in my humble opinion, a much better novel.  Saramago's book is much less existentialist and in exchange provides a huge dose of magical realism.  It deals with a nameless and timeless city, where all of a sudden the population starts going blind, for no apparent reason whatsoever.Dr. Rieux, Camus' main character, is an atheist who apart from that lacks all type of passion and feeling.  He faces the plague in a cool and heartless manner, which simply does not touch me as a reader. Rieux represents a heavy combination of character complexity with an existentialist view of life.  He is the absolute anti-hero by definition.  Even though he is the one that takes the bull by the horns, he does it simply because he has to do his job.  There is absolutely no room for hope in this poor man's soul.As a Nobel laureate, one cannot ignore the fact that Camus is an excellent writer, but he also the type of writer which some people love, and others, like me, do not enjoy that much.  I guess one's opinion regarding THE PLAGUE has a lot do with the reason why one reads.  I read to enjoy myself, to be transported to other places and times, to feel, love, hate and hope with the characters.  I guess if I read the novel, rereading every single page and profoundly analyzing each thought and sentence, I'd have a more positive opinion of THE PLAGUE, but that's not the way I like to read....I like books which transmit passions, both positive and negative.  THE PLAGUE simply fell very short...
Short choppy sentences with one page in color and the next in black and white left me wishing this book was done differently.  Loving nature, I wanted to really enjoy this story, but I didn't.  There were facts thrown in haphazardly with thoughts and there was absolutely no reason for the black and white harsh transition every other page into color.  I just didn't get the concept the illustrator was trying to portray.  I did like that the pages were made out of paper that felt like it was recycled just for this tree story.  And the introduction of, "Trees are very nice. They fill up the sky." was a nice way to start this book, and the ending of, "They wish they had one so they go home and plant a tree too." leaves you with a positive activity, but the rest of it was drab for me.
I was not very interested in the story until about halfway through. For a few chapters it was funny, then it lost my interest again quickly. It jumps around and seems to be written from many different points of view. Could have been much more captivating.
I had a number of problems with this book. First, the characters weren't  believable. Each character was 'perfect' for their part (the brutally  efficent hitman, the brilliant and wise don, the beautiful actress). No  character inspired interest or empathy. It also seems that Puzo has had a  very bad experience w/ Hollywood (specifically books being turned into  movies). He uses a subplot to expound on the evil of Hollywood producers.  It's interesting, but he should have made it a bit more subtle, rather than  using 3 pages of mainly canned dialogue to get his point across. The plot  in and of itself wasn't too hot either, and the subplots were only  marginally related to the main plot. When the big secret is finally  introduced, you can't help but think 'Oh. So what?' because the build-up  was so poor. Finally, the ending of Cross' confict w/ Loddstone was too  simple... too 'deus ex machina' for my tastes. Not worth your time at all.
If you are an academic looking for a text to start teaching students technical analysis while also explaining history, famous quotes, previous books, etc to make newbie students interested, this is a good book for that. For traders and real technicians who use this information for their work this book is largely fluff and the level of detail it goes into for each technique (when it eventually gets to it) is minimal (a little more than you would find on investopedia pretty much). There are no real examples, there are no real life trading insights, and the book seriously lacks a focus on &#34;Financial Market Technicians&#34; who are apparently the title content of the book. One of the primary things that drive a good product (or a good book) are knowing who it is targeted towards. This is clearly a beginner academic text / reference guide (for students), and a poor resource for Financial Market Technicians. I won't mention other books in this review but there are classic technical analysis books available that provide a much, much more useful resource for folks who actually trade or intend to trade the markets.
Most physicists I know say that while this is not the best of textbooks, it's a great reference.  I sometimes ask them to refer me to a useful section.  They usually can't.This book is the standard in graduate math courses for physicists.  It's a shame.  We buy this book for the course and then either seek out other texts (or the internet) for elaboration, or more often, we trudge through all the math that Arfken leaves out.  I've rarely used any math not found in this book, but also rarely has this book been useful enough to show me how to use the math.  It's sort of like a dictionary.  Everything is mentioned, but if you want to learn about something, you need to know a lot more than just a definition.Boaz's undergraduate math book is a good text for this subject.  Unfortunately, it doesn't go in depth enough for all of a graduate course.  For the same price as Arfken, I own about a dozen Dover editions, one for each of the important sections covered in a year long course.A topic that we thoroughly exhausted but is not taught too often these days is complex analysis and the calculus of residues.  Residues were much more important for solving complicated integrals before computers became so commonplace.  For this, I recommend "Complex Analysis" by Tristan Needham.  It's a tome of all things complex, but if you have the time, or are just curious, it's a great book.If possible, get a list of alternative sources from you professor before you take the class requiring this book.  Then buy them, do not buy this awful monstrosity.
Like Michael Crichton, Harris has let the screen potential of his amazing (overall) chronicle overshadow where this story should have gone.  And this, the third Lechter installment, suffers mightily.  Like he's more  worried about how the movie will turn out rather than does the story, very  simply, work.  In this case, Harris' asking for me to suspend my disbelief  is just too great a request, and he simply does not deliver.  With Lechter,  the story doesn't need the inclusion of another monster (Mason Verger).  It  needs more cat and mouse between Starling and Lechter, more of the  claustrophobia that makes silence (the book, hated the movie) what it was.  Needs more &quot;Hannibal&quot; and less (a lot less) contrivance.  And the  ending...please.....trying to hard to make a movie, Mr.Harris.  Write a  novel instead.
This is a basic PM book with little insight towards growth of your PM skills.  Too much is not covered like SOWs, Activity Charts and such and very little is really touched in depth. Another downside is the Brad story is so simplistic as to be boring.  Pass by.
EDIT: Nov.23.2013Finally found some time to read the book. What a Godawfull pile of steaming crap this is!I kinda expected it to be light on IQ and heavy on BS, but I expected better from R. Norwood. Not that she is a heavy weight, but at least she has been helping others, successfully too. (which I always admire, especially her work with AA which she unfortunately disowned in her book "why me why this...").Boy was I mistaken.All in all, street-psychology trash at its worst.But, if you are a misguided woman, who likes to believe that she loves "too much", it will help you miss a growing opportunity, and continue living in ignorance. Good luck.There is an old Buddhist saying: "When presented with two choices, always choose the harder one!".Same with therapy and getting to know yourself: if a book, therapy or someone you know, is making you feel uneasy about you, while not being abusive or negative in some other way towards you, then, follow them , no matter how hard. All others who play on your weaknesses like this trash, you should run away from.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is only my second time to write a review about a book I never read. I can feel the fury of readers who can't wait to attack. I can only hope that reason prevails and they see why the type of manipulation that is in the title of this book needs to be analyzed carefully.I am a male, and I am trying to imagine a book titled "Men Who Love Too Much...". Since I am not new to psychology and relationships I would feel uncomfortable with such title (this would be true even earlier in my life though):Why is the author trying to manipulate me into thinking that LOVE is an "us against them" type of deal? (in addition to trying to make me feel like s/he is on my side? Only con artists play on our weaknesses and try to convince us that they are on our side) Love and conflict are exact opposites, and writing a book about love directed at one sex while subtly implying that the other side is wrong, is a contradiction. One cannot help while invoking such language of conflict.Seeing problems in the title, I can only conclude that the rest of the book must suffer from even greater problems. A house cannot be built on wrong foundations. I would be truly surprised if I found careful analysis of the challenge of love, challenges of distinguishing between a co-dependent relationship and one that is not such. Even more challenging would be an analysis of when one is supposed to leave such a relationship. And above all - at what point can one be sure that the very person "who loves too much" (is it truly possible to give too much love?) has done everything she could? As the old saying goes: "Know thyself". It is work that lasts decades and even lifetimes, and we get to know ourselves through our relationships, if we keep the focus on ourselves rather than our partner.We can only be certain that we have done our part in a relationship when WE (regardless of our own sex) have done our best and have stopped making mistakes towards our partner, EVEN when the partner is not treating us well or with love at all. We as a society are readily outraged at physical abuse or verbal hostility, but little smirks, cynical laughs, cold tone of voice, fake sincerity ("I feel that you..."), and similar but more poisonous manipulations are undetected or even encouraged. It is those hard to detect poisons that are more dangerous than the ones that is readily apparent.Most of the time, the one who thinks that they "love too much", is the very person who needs someone to be "worse" than themselves, so that they can keep the focus on the other person rather than themselves. If the other is not "worse" she (or he) will make sure they become that - either by manipulation or by misrepresentation.Last but not least, I seem to remember that Robin Norwood herself mentioned that she pretty much considered her older (prior to "why me...")  work wrong. Unfortunately, I think that even there she is wrong: while that work may have been wrong in some aspects, as is the case with this book, she is thinking that for all the wrong reasons. Personally I think that her work with AA was a worthy endeavor and even with this book she came upon a subject worthy of discussion (Love) but wrote a book before she acquired understanding of it.I hope whoever reads my review can see that little manipulations are more dangerous than big ones and the title of this book is one such example. If the book is about love, it cannot be about "us against them". If a book is about love, it cannot be about "my love" or "female love". Love knows no limits. Everything else is false, not love. To talk about love and imply conflict at the same time is to manipulate. A woman who thinks that women (should) love more than man, or differently than man, is setting herself for failed relationships or at best - another co-dependent relationship which may or may not last depending on roles the two players assume. Human values are universal.Last but not least: the true secret of love is absence of fear. When men and women stop fearing of what the world, partner, parents, and so on think of them, and whether they are worthy of love (and how can they feel to be worthy of it when most had no opportunity to learn to love themselves?), then love will enter. Until then, books which promise but don't deliver will sell quite well.
From all the hype, I expected to learn lots to prepare myself for retirement, but this book simply retold all that I knew with personal stories that I could not relate too. I found myself very impatient throughout this book. I would neither recommend it or resell it here.
I appreciate that the kindle version of this book exists as it makes it exceedingly convenient to bring the book to work, to school, restaurants, etc; but the book is full of equations. The equations were converted to images of such low quality I'm left wondering if they printed out the book, scanned the images in on a fax machine and pasted them into the document in MS Word 2003. Some of the equations literally have a fuzzy gray pixelated background. Heh.The diagrams in the book are of such a startlingly low quality they're totally illegible. Plan on buying the print edition of this book along with the kindle version. You'll need it to decipher the diagrams. They look alright in the page, but of course the font is too small to read. The problem is that zooming in doesn't help, since it was (as previously mentioned) faxed over from one building to another.This conversion is shameful.Shame.I'd hate to discourage publishers from making Kindle copies though.  I'd buy it again, I'm just embarrassed for them regarding this conversion.
Complain all you want about HBHG's authors as opportunistic hacks, their book is a fascinating read. I read HBHG in my mid-30s (long before pursuing a Masters in theological studies) and found it enthralling. The book introduced me to a long string of spooky, semi-sinister characters--Sauniere, the Cathars, Poussin, Plantard, Templars--and to &quot;hidden truths&quot; that tickled my belief in conspiracies and secret sources of power. For quite some time, I found HBHG's thesis plausible. But that was long ago.I admit to being pleasantly shocked at the thought that Jesus's bloodline survives to the present. Many of us want to know Jesus; unmasking his great-great-?-great grandchild would be close enough for many. But the authors' conclusion (that Jesus's descendants are awaiting the right moment to rule a united Europe) is ridiculous and uninteresting to this American reader. Baigent, et al, seem to presuppose that we humans secretly long for a priest-king to lead us. While this romantic thought powers films like Lord of the Rings, its translation to real life leaves me cold and unimpressed. Kings and queens make for wonderful pageantry, witness our obsession with Lady Di. But who seriously wants even *Jesus's* descendants telling them what to do? Too, why just a unified Europe? Wouldn't a descendant of Jesus rule the entire world?HBHG and its successors are akin to the endless line JFK conspiracy books--each one wilder and less plausible than the last. When an argument's conclusions approach absurdity, it's time to reject the premises.
No where on my copy of this book was it identified as a children's book.  (I give Amazon more credit --- there were clues on their web site.)  So after Satanic Verses, it was a real let-down.
I read this book because all my friends absolutly love it. This book was written as a diary of teenage girl in England. I thought the book was stupid and the girl was stupid. It was all about how she is going to learn to kiss, how is she going to get a date, what trouble her stupid cat is causing, and where her little sister is leaving her used diapers. My friends thought it was hilarious...but I thought it was stupid and pointless. I would save your money...and if you really want to read it check this out of your library...but it isn't really worth your time. I think it could appeal more to 6-8 graders, not high-schoolers.
Knowing the reputation Michael Lewis has, I had high hopes about his first book and how enlighting it could be.  However, after hitting the midway point all I wanted was for it to end (never leave a book unfinished).Honestly, I struggle to find what all the hub bub was about with this book.  His writing style is very drab and he introduces way to many characters in the book to the point you begin to just gloss over names as you realize no one matters, as there is no point to any of his stories.I cant describe other feelings as this book has left no impression on me what so ever and a better read if your looking for a bit of history and insight upon the inner workings of Wall Street tycoons is "When Genuis Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long Term Capital Management" by Roger Lowenstein.
The book I ordered came quickly, and it was not expensive.  However, the book was very old and musty smelling.  BUT I didn't mind as it was such a good price!  So far, I have had very good results in purchasing books via Amazon.com.Thanks,Jackie
You won't find a more excruciatingly boring novel anywhere.  Butler, a Pulitzer Prize winner, could do better.
I really struggle to understand how this book has earned a place in the classic children's literature cannon. My kids and I slogged through it, and we were so glad when I finally finished it. It probably doesn't help that I don't care for mice, but even putting that aside the book was dull beyond belief.
...that you ever decided to write this novel.I have long enjoyed Weir's popular histories and, in fact, consider her one of the better popular historians.  While the Tudor era is my 'specialty' and I have many books by 'serious' historians, I have ALL of Weir's just for the pleasure they give me.  I use popular histories whenever I'm interested in an era new to me.  If a popular historian piques my interest, I'll go on to the 'hard stuff'.  But, Alison is just so much fun to read that I buy her books for pleasure and not just knowledge!*Innocent Traitor* could have been wonderful.  Instead it has to reach up to achieve mediocrity.  Weir's strange use of language keeps whomping me in the face with a dead fish and breaking the flow of the story.Instead of choosing all-modern or all-Tudor English, she uses mostly-modern with a now-and-again 'methinks' type word or phrase.  It's most disconcerting.  Ex. Queen Jane Seymour says, "His (Henry's) obsessive and pathetic need for this child to be a boy is more than I can cope with."  (Pg. 7, Ballentine USA edition) Not only would the queen NOT have said 'obsessive and pathetic' or 'more than I can cope with' she would never even have thought these words.  Like most women, Jane Seymour had been raised to believe that a woman's only valid calling was to produce male heirs with the barely-secondary conviction that women were created to 'cope with' whatever men chose to throw at them.  And the entire nation understood Henry's need to have a son.  At that point in history and with his daughter Elizabeth's reign yet to come, no one thought England could survive as a nation with a female ruler.  So, these 'thoughts' of Jane Seymour's are a glaring and annoying anachronism; just one of many.Yet later, Frances and Henry Grey 'make merry' when having sex.  Sheesh!The story is certainly riveting, and Weir does an admirable job of laying the various political motivations out, with clarity, to a public possibly putting a toe into the Tudor era.  That is, of course, the strong foundation her being an historian had to lay, even with the fictional set dressing.  I think that Weir is incapable of making a hash of the historicity of her story.I wish she had left it at that.
I will admit that the Celestine prophecy was believable but I was somewhat disappointed with this book.  The early chapters were interesting but the last two chapters were unbelievably far fetched and I just could not believe what I was reading.  The author comes out with these statements about how we will become better people but the mechanism and guidelines to get there seemed so unachievable and downright complicated.  The whole &quot;seeing into the future&quot; bit at the end sounded like a cross between Star Trek and Harry Potter and had me both giggling and laughing out loud.  That's it........if nothing else the book is a good laugh.
With just a math background of three semesters of calculus, I was unable to understand this text.  The explanations and examples are incomplete and do not help in solving the exercises.  From what was stated by other reviewers, I'm guessing you shouldn't take a class that uses this text unless you have taken an analysis course.  My prof basically lectured from this text and over half the class had to drop it (including me) and these were pretty bright grad students (not me) in some rigorous fields.  There are also numerous errata (see [...]) that ruin your trust so that you're not sure whether you don't understand something because there is an error in your thought process or because there is an error in the text.  It also took me numerous wasted hours to try to figure out things that were just explained poorly with missing steps.  It's my guess that people that praise this book have not taken a class that is at a level for which the text is intended.  Unless you are exceptionally bright at math (as I used to think I was), this text is a nighmare.
the first 12 books were amazing after the 13th  i wanted to give i was at the school library and it was horrible
I read this book several years ago, when I was a brand new Orthodox Christian.  I was furious, as the first 200 pages dealt with the author's various New Age meanderings.  Having been heavily involved in the New Age Movement myself for 16 years, I wanted no part of it.  I wanted the true meat of Christianity and did not find it here.  I felt I had been duped by the Orthodox publisher that sold me the book.  As a result I do not want to read any more of Markides' works.
Too many things missing from the actual A+ test. You can use this as a study guide perhaps, but you will need hands-on experience to pass the exam. And too much time spent on how to dress, etc.
The examples are spoken too quickly, and there is no explanation for the changes in sounds of individual letters, such as 'b' and 'v', so the listener is left with a need to memorize individual word pronunciations rather than hearing illustrations of general rules and practices.  I'd recommend instead that you download the State Department's Foreign Service Institute Programmatic Course for Spanish, available for free, with texts, workbooks, and MP3 files  It is miles ahead of this course, and I say that having learned four foreign languages fluently before attempting Spanish.  This was a waste of money.
I kept waiting (and waiting and waiting) for something interesting to happen, but it never did.  I finally just quit reading it.  It's still on my Kindle, but it would have to be a really boring day before I'd ever try to read it again.  This book is almost like listening to the daily happenings of a very boring town.  I like a subdued story as well as the next (perhaps even better than the next), but 'subdued' does not have to mean 'boring', and that's all that this book is.
Based on 11 editions and 4/5 stars I was expecting much more. The chapter on socialism was extremely weak without even an attempt at a formal definition. The capitalism chapter described statism/mixed economy, as it exists in the U.S., and called it capitalism. I cut my losses on this book after the first two sections. This is an eighth-grade level survey of political theories.
An utter waste of time.This is not a novel.  It is a short story, at best.Totally contrived and totally forgettable.When we accept rave reviews online, we must remember that these reviews are not produced by professionals.  As far as I know, they might be written by someone who has read only one or two books and is so overwhelmed by finishing one that he thinks it is the best book in the world.  Well it is the best book you have read, perhaps, but the sentiment rarely travels.I think my days of relying on reader reviews to make fiction choices are over.As for this book.. it reads like the tedious composition of a young person is some writing class.Reviews here, my own included, are impressions, not fact.  I must remember that.
as someone who loves a long book with a slowly-unwinding story, this book just was waaaaaay too slow for me.  i hung in there as long as i could, but finally put it in my garage sale after only making it half-way thru.  just don't get the appeal.
What a dissapointment and waste of time.  I struggled through the book hoping it would all come together at some point but it never did.  The ending in particular left me completely at a loss.  I came to the reviews to see if anyone actually explained it all and found others as lost as I am. One of the worst books I have ever read!
I'm taking this class from the author of the book and he teaches like the book reads.  If you are already experienced in discrete math then you will be okay.  If not, you will have a tough time.  The author begins with the  simplest of examples and then jumps into very difficult ones without much  in between.  The steps from easy to hard are not explained well and one  feels a bit lost (at least I do).  The mathematical explanations are not  helpful as they are just as confusing as what they are trying to explain.  All in all I'd pass this one by if I had the choice, unfortunately I have  to read it for my class.
Okay, why are people giving this book positive reviews when the most important thing in Adwords changed in early August and the book is now obsolete? Hello? The bid management tool CHANGED. No more 0.5% threshold. No more On-Hold system. That's gone. Didn't those "reviewers" notice this? If you want to work with Adwords and you're looking for a book on Adwords, you'll need to make sure the book covers the current state of Adwords.
Unfortunately, this book does not deliver what it promises at all.  By reading and &quot;trying&quot; to study the exercises in this book, you  just learn a few tricks about &quot;some&quot; programs, however; you will  not advance in any of those programs.  The exercises are dull if not  terribly thought out.  None of the javascripts does not work.  The photo  shop exercises are terribly designed.  All in all, if you are inexperienced  and stupid enough like me, buy and waste your money with this book.  Next  time, I see any of the Deitels, I will use the book for something good and  knock him off with it!...  In short, horrible piece of crap.  The worst $68  you can ever spend!...
Armand is my favourite vampire, I adore him, I like Anne Rice, but...yeaaahhhh, this book is so dull, so boring, it even seems too long, THIS CAN'T BE THE ARMAND I LOVE, it's ...oh, it seems to never end, and all the time when you as a reader pictured Marius as a great vampire, he was horrible, how could Armand love him? Evil, evil guy! Hard to read.
Once again we meet Courtney Von Dragen Smith, who's all grown up and entering college...in Wisconsin?! Courtney is a likable character, and is shows in this diary of her first semester. However, I read Truth or Dairy (the prequel) earlier this year, and even I couldn't remember who some of the characters were she constantly mentions. It would have been nice if the author had woven in a quick explanation of who Jane and Beth were just to refresh our memories. I felt like this book could have been MUCH better, but instead, the characters are so thinly drawn that you never care much about them.
I've read all of Katie Fforde's books, and loved them. Couldn't wait to get the new one - but - I couldn't FORCE myself to read it. The writing is nothing like Fforde's usual style. It's simplistic, and dated; the attitudes and themes are puerile; it's repetitive and over-simplified; many lines are then explained ---I can't believe Katie Fforde wrote this. I've seen better from freshman writing classes. She even has the American/English dialects wrong. Maybe this is one of those "written at age 12" things, but it's a huge ripoff of those of us who were expecting a new Katie Fforde book. I'm very glad I bought it from Amazon; they were great when I told them I wanted my money back. What a massive disappointment!
This book is only about 180 pages long, so you'd imagine I'd have no trouble finishing it. Unfortunately, no. I started giving up on it around page 40, slogged through it some more, and then quit at page 80, unable to take any more.It's impossible to convey in this space the unrelenting, pointless lugubriousness of this novel. Michael K is a man with a harelip and a stammer who works as a gardener and lives in a damp cellar with a sick mother who works a menial job. Their home is attacked, and he decides to take her away from Cape Town to her birthplace on a farm by wheeling her for tens of miles in hand-made wooden barrow whilst they sleep in fields at night in the rain and nobody gives them a lift. His mother becomes sick, is hospitalized, dies, and is cremated. He continues his journey to the farm, only now his mother accompanies him in a cardboard box. That's just up to page 32. Oh, and to top the cheeriness, there is a war on.Take this passage:`He fell into the company of men and women who slept under the railway bridge and haunted the vacant lot behind the liquor store on Andringa Street. Sometimes he lent them his cart. In a fit or largesse he gave away the stove. Then one night someone tried to pull the suitcase from under his head while he was sleeping. There was a fight, and he moved on.'Now imagine an entire book comprised only of hundreds of passages exactly like this, neither rising nor falling in emotional intensity, 180 pages all spoken in a monotone of misery, and you have a good idea of what it's like having to read Life and Times of Michael K. Scores of characters pass quickly through, faceless, unhelpful, or openly hostile. An endless horizon of rottenness stands before the reader: unrelenting, unrealistic, and utterly meaningless. The author's pen is clearly out of control. Wallowing in awfulness, he has no idea when to stop his characters from suffering.The only thing I can think of that comes close is Voltaire's satire Candide (also a short novel), famed for taking human suffering to ludicrous extremes. But the ludicrousness was the point, to disprove Leibniz's doctrine that `all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds'. Coetzee's novel, however, has no point, no moral: it's just the pornography of suffering. Nor is there a clever turn of phrase, interesting characterization, or florid description throughout the novel.Coetzee's latest book Youth was reviewed in last week's (London) Sunday Times Culture supplement. Surprise, surprise: the central character, apparently autobiographical, `finds his colleagues uncongenial' and `socially, ... is grimly alienated'; the book is `almost funereally doleful'; and Coetzee himself is described as possessing `a discomfiting personality and an imagination of uncompromising bleakness'. No kidding. Only a mind congealed with pessimism could pour this river of dolefulness out onto paper. I'm sorry to have to say it, but this book's only redeeming feature is the ability to shut it.
As I have yet to receive the product ( I am informed that there are some problems with this product and that amazon are unable to provide it) I have therefore paid for but not yet received it - would be grateful for some advice!!!! Because of this, I am wary of ordering any further products until sorted out or I am advised otherwise!!!!
I bought this on other reviewers' recommendations. Are they blind?This is pathetic. Two examples.1. English word--'often' gives the Spanish equivelent 'muchas veces'. Look up 'vece' on the Spanish side, it is not there. What does veces mean? The dictionary does not seem to know, and I don't either.2. Spanish word 'hay' used at the beginning of a sentence. Says it is part of the tenses of haber. Does not mention that it means 'there is' or 'there are' at the beginning of a sentence.I could continue but these two examples should surfice. The book isn't worth the paper it is printed on in my opinion.
When it doesn't tell you "How To", of course.In these "Mad Men" days, folks want to know what makes something buzzworthy.  "Conversational Capital" defines the components of getting talked about, but falls short when it comes to explaining how precisely to use this information.Whenever I read one of these business self-help books, I judge it by the following criteria:  does the author walk the talk?  If this is a book about buzzworthiness, emphasizing the things which make an experience unique, reading it ought to be a unique experience.  And yet it's not---the tone is the same faux witty semi-ironic style which marks every "....for Dummies" book.  The presentation is the same checklist definition format we see in many of these books.  There are precious few images and no scratch n sniffs (so much for Relevant Sensory Oddity).  Were it not for this review, I would not be inclined to talk about this book at all---it's the usual hodgedpodge of homemade acronyms, rampant consultant-speak, and the same old superficial list of business examples.The authors don't walk the talk.Moreover, since they didn't build any of the brands they use as examples, they have very little credibility.They may have a nugget of an idea here, but the execution is supremely flawed and the title supremely misleading---this book won't tell you "How To" do anything.
This textbook is too concise (it is 469 pages; for comparison, Linear Algebra, by David Poole is 763 pages) and the examples are not instructional at all. The problems are difficult and you will not know how to do the problems even after you have read the text because of its poor explanation of concepts. The publisher's website contains a solution manual to the problems, but even it doesn't explain things clearly. Unless your teacher is excellent, you will have a difficult time if you take a course that uses this book. You will most likely have to read other texts or use the internet to actually learn. This book is definitely not recommended for self-study. I would say that it is not even worth $10 considering that there are plenty of free (legal) linear algebra textbooks on the web.
Van Tharp's first book, Trade Your Way to Financial Freedom, is outstanding, and highly recommended.  This follow-up book, however, is not.  The author spends the first portion of it reintroducing the topics of his first work.  He then goes in to a discussion of day trading in Level II stocks (and the like).  This was clearly an effort to take advantage of the market environment at the time.  In doing that, however, Van Tharp made the fatal mistake of creating a limited lifespan for this work.  Don't waste your money here.  If you haven't already read Trade Your Way to Financial Freedom, do so.  If you have, read it again.  This follow-up book won't tell you anything new and the first has much more substance.
Sorry, I didn't like this book.  I loved The Godfather, but this one did not measure up to that standard.
After reading The Summons, I felt like the small boy who made the comment to Joe Jackson after the White Sox scandal. From a thrilling and must read author to a boring, formulamatic read. Drat!!!! Johnny, we hardly knew ye!
I had to laugh, this book is supposed to make the subjunctive easy to understand but it is quite the opposite.  You will be more confused than ever after reading this one.  All of the explanations are wordy and well......confusing.  It does however, have some exercises that are helpful and the answers are in the back of the book.
I can see that a lot of work went into this book and it does a pretty good job of explaining Business Objects at a high level.  This is a good book for you if you are tentative about working with computers and don't expect to do intermediate or advanced work with Business Objects.The notion that this book is a 'reference' or can replace a manual is completely off base.  This book is a 'primer' not a reference.  Any topic that is easily addressable through discussing the GUI is handled, but only for obvious cases.  The function reference is incomplete and poorly documented.  Insightful examples that make you think, "Oh, that's how you do X (where X is anything nontrivial)" are not found in this book.  The kind of situations you will likely encounter if you want to create reports for a real business, are not handled.  In these cases you are left to your own devices.
I didn't find this book very useful at all for learning Devanagari. I should say that it is hard to imagine ANY book being very useful, because I think it is extremely important to hear the pronunciation of the syllables in order to learn the script. I say that about Hindi specifically. When I was learning Swahili, it was perfectly fine to work from a textbook, because the pronunciation is so straight forward, and the vowel sounds are the same as in Spanish. Hindi is much more complex.The book was interesting in its own way. I learned some things about Hindi (and Urdu) that I didn't know before, and the handwriting samples were interesting. The author CLEARLY knows Hindi inside and out. A nice pro for this book is the comprehensive list of conjuncts (combined characters) that you'll see popping up quite a bit in Hindi. That is a nice reference to have handy if you get stuck reading something.I should also mention that I am currently living in India (Rajasthan) and my husband is Indian. My husband has said that a high percentage of the vocabulary words that the author uses to illustrate different uses of the characters are not words commonly used at all. So don't spend a lot of time learning the vocabulary words.I learned Devanagari much more quickly using a free Android app for Hindi and Rosetta Stone level 1. You can also use Google Translate now to type in syllables on a virtual keyboard and hear the sounds, but it doesn't seem to allow conjuncts yet, so it is only useful for words that use only whole syllables.
Apparently this book didn't help me out too much because I no longer own it. I honestly can't tell you anything about it.
This book is about microlending, an intriguing concept about which, if you are looking at this book, you are probably already well informed.Microlending is making small loans to entrepreneurs (usually in third world countries) who banks usually don't lend to.  This meets the demands of the community and makes the world a better place.There are a million articles about microlending.  It's a great concept.This book is not worth reading, even for someone interested in the concept.  The book is boring, badly written, has no pacing, and provides no new information that can't be found in any of those millions of articles about microlending.Save your money, save your time.  Read something else.
When I first opened the package I saw a stunning hard cover book with over 600 pages. As I started going thru the beginning of the book I saw that it got all involved in color spaces and looked more like an algebra workbook than a book about a photography technique. Unfortunately, the rest of the book is about the same. While it does have photo examples of what the chapter is about, I found myself saying what the heck! I thought this book would be more about technique and processing your photos to HDR etc., but its all technobabble with algebra math. Very disappointed!
At times, this book was truly wonderful, a unique perspective on some of our most famous fairy tales such as Snow White, Thumbelina and Beauty and the Beast.  I was enchanted and could have recommended this book to young adults.  It might have provided them with an alternative read to embrace.Then the swear words and references to drugs and alcohol began.  I realize that some men and women choose to revel in this culture, destroying themselves and others around them.  Nevertheless, I wouldn't expose our youth to these cold, bitter alternatives.  The lovely cover belies the treachery found within.  I regret selecting this book and wish the author would have stuck to the good road instead.
Don't take this book seriously, just enjoy the ride.The main character is egotistic and the drama is predictable, but admit it, its a beach book.I wish the author had hired an editor - I would have been glad to trim it up a bit, and there are some serious inconsistencies that should have been caught.But really, if you want a fat juicy novel to take to the pool, this is fine.
I bought The Rule of Four because I wanted something deeper than your average thriller and this novel seemed to be different. And it was, but only because the book is not as good as your average thriller. The two authors remind me very much of those people who once attended a prestigious university and then feel obliged to tell you about it for the rest of their lives.The basic idea behind this book is actually pretty good: a small group of students and tutors at Princeton try to decipher the secret message hidden inside a mysterious rambling medieval novel and thereby find a crypt packed full with some sort of treasure. I actually liked the description of the codes and thought the final few pages were intriguing. Unfortunately, the work is comprehensively undermined by some very flat and pretentious writing (there is nothing so unconvincing as two people in their twenties trying to be d-e-e-p about what it means to grow old), flawed characterisations and a truly hopeless lack of pace. Whenever the narrative threatens to get exciting, our hapless writing duo whisk us off elsewhere to observe some arcane aspect of daily life in Princeton, be it boring parties, the different dining clubs or how hard it is for people in different years to date each other. I'm sure it was very nice for you to attend Princeton. How exciting that must have been. Good for you. Just please don't make me read about it for page after page after page.Reading this book, you wonder what happened at the editing stage. Did no one with experience of the fiction trade go back to the authors with a list of what they needed to fix? The end result would have been much better because there is in fact a good thriller striving to make its way out of this overblown mess.
Sub-par Rendell, with characters who are difficult to distinguish from each other, a meandering plot, little narrative drive and no memorable writing.  Wexford's daughter Sylvia has yet more man trouble in her life as a sub-plot.  There's also some sort of odd Christian Druid cult that was not particularly convincing.  Is there anything really like this in Britain?  What one mainly remembers about this tale is that it rained a great deal during the investigation and everyone got wet.  Much inferior to her earlier Wexfords and even 2007's Not in the Flesh, something of a rebound.
Those who enjoy the crime fiction genre will likely appreciate this story about creepy, loser, lodger Michael "Mix" Cellini, his highbrow eighty-something-year-old landlady, their friends, acquaintances and the objects of their affections. Award winning mystery writer Rendell can obviously tell a story, but especially for an inexperienced mystery reader, it was hard to get past a few troublesome details, the main one being the minimization of the unmistakably powerful stench of a cadaver. Additionally, having anticipated a complicated, unpredictable denouement, I was surprised at its simplicity. Lovers of mystery, read away, others might prefer something like The Wasp Factory by Iain Banks.
The opening allegory comparing personality types to different birds, and the story that goes with it, is painfully long and drawn out. Way too much of the book is devoted to this. I tried to get into it but struggled. I also do not appreciate when authors, as this one does, continually refer you to their website.I think one can benefit from learning DISC styles but there has to be better books to do so. If you've ever read anything, or heard anything at all, about DISC personalities there is very little to gain from this book.Overall, this was poorly laid out with too much devoted to the bird allegory and I was left feeling like I wasted my time reading this one.
This book is actually the American titled version of Venetia Murray's book "An Elegant Madness" - and without benefit of any editing this seems to have have all the same shockingly sloppy errors as the English book. I find it difficult to believe that this was allowed past the editors pen at all. Muuray claims to have used first hand accounts for this book, but what results is a confusion of dates, people and periods which does not give an accurate picture of the extended Regency at all.And what is worse, proving that Murray does not understand this period, her errors are continually repeated.She seems to have a permanant state of confusion with the Spencer (Earl Spencer) family and the Cavendish family (the Duke's of Devonshire). The 1st Earl Spencer had two daughters, Georgiana and Henrietta. Georgiana married the 5th Duke of Devonshire and had two daughters, Georgiana and Harriet. Murray consistently and continually confuses these two generations and families despite listing seven separate books on the family in her bibliography and a number of other associated books that would provide information on them. I am starting to wonder if she read the books at all - if she read that many surely she wouldn't have made those mistakes.She calls the Marquis of Queensbury "Old Q" in fact, 'Old Q' was the Duke of Queensbury, a completely different person.Her description of Beau Brummell is based on entirely apocryphal and disproved events. She places their first meeting on a salacious and since disproved story by Captain Gronow. She says that the Prince and Brummell fell out at an event in 1814 when Brummell insulted the Prince by asking his companion, "Who is your far friend'. This was not the case. Not only did this even actually occur a year earlier in 1813, but it was probably at least a year after the Prince and Brummell fell out. She also fails to show the influence of Brummell on clothing. She says his dress was 'leather breeches for daytime' in actual fact this was the common dress in the 1790's and not at all what Brummell introduced. No one was admitted into his dressing room either - they were entertained in his drawing room while he put on his neck cloths in the dressing room next door with the doors open.She misdates the arrival of gas in London as 1816 - it came in 1808 and was in common use by 1815.She continually misnames people - Lord William Pitt-Lennox for the Duke of Richmond's son Lord William Lennox. She calls James Wedderburn Webster, James Webster Wedderburn.She confuses the Duke of Kent's mutiny in Gibralter (undated in her book but occuring in 1802) with a mutinous incident a few years earlier in Canada. She also says the Duke sentenced the man to 900 lashes, it was actually 999. But the mutiny in Gibralter was not over his cruelty, it was over his excessive regulations which prevented the men from drinking on Christmas Day.She blandly uses 'after the war' as a statement - but doesn't state what war - one must assume she means after Waterloo. In which case it would be after the 'wars'. Given that the Napoleonic Wars dominated all but a few years of the 1788-1830 she chooses as the scope for her book she has almost no information of the effect of these wars on the country.She quotes many things out of context too - the list of her errors, omissions and flat out misconstructions could go on.Frankly while I am interested in much of the information she brings up, those things that I know about or have researched further have shown that she has very little discipline either in her note taking or her ability to put it into its correct context.She jumps around her chosen 50 year period with little regard to the development of society, London or social mores. So she states with certainty it was a violent age and people were mugged etc. Yet the difference in London in the 1780's when people were robbed in the carriages in broad daylight in London streets, and in 1810 when this was extremely uncommon, is not developed at all.It is not like Murray has put new interpretations on facts - she has taken too many events and given them incorrect dates, people or information.This is an exceptionally sloppy book, littered with errors and should be read with extreme caution. I have only listed some of the errors in the book here.
A selection by my book club.  I hated this book.  I found Mr. Boyle's writing style to be overblown - I have an advanced degree and consider myself well-read and intelligent and yet I still didn't know some of the words he used.  I guess that is a stylistic choice to appeal to those who like to have a dictionary handy when they read, but I just find it pompous and unnecessary.  The ending appeared to be when Mr. Boyle ran out of time to write.  There was no conclusion to any of the story lines nor did any of the characters learn anything about each other or themselves.Sometimes there appeared to be some "message" to the book, but then that message would disappear.  At least if there had been some idealistic point to the book, I could have understood it, but there really wasn't.  I never felt like Mr. Boyle made any points about racism, immigration, or anything relevant for that matter.  I absolutely despised the main "white" character, Delaney.  He's the kind of person I hate to meet at cocktail parties - the guy who pretends to be a pretentious liberal (and I'm a liberal, so I'm not using that derogatorily) with high morals, but really doesn't and just talks a lot.  He had absolutely no moral compass and no consistent view of the world.If you're looking for a book so that you can sound like an over-educated intellectual without actually saying anything - this is the book for you.  If you're looking for a good story, a morality message, or commentary on the state of current events in immigration, find something else.
The information doesn't go beyond the basics.  The illustrations were just so-so.  I had for a few years and rarely referenced it.  Ended up trading it back in.
To his credit, former president William Jefferson Clinton is a fine writer, though lacking the eloquence found in illustrious predecessors such as Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln (Regrettably he also lacks their superb morality, intellectual reasoning, and soundness of judgement which sets them apart from Clinton as two of the United States's greatest presidents.). However, his 1,000 page magnum opus is extremely tedius to read, offering a painstakingly detailed account of his entire life. I was surprised that he did not devote much space to political pundit Dick Morris, the man responsible for steering Clinton back to the Governor's mansion in Little Rock, Arkansas and ulimately, serving as a key advisor during his Whie House years (In stark contrast, Morris's book on his Oval Office experience is far more revealing a portrait of Clinton than the former president himself.). And I wish Clinton had accepted more responsibility for failing to stop Al Qaeda; his failure - much more so than George W. Bush's - was responsible ultimately for the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks on the United States. This memoir could have easily been half as long, with more emphasis on his political career (No less an important advisor to Clinton than Dick Morris strongly urged him to combat extremist Muslim terrorism, yet Clinton ignored that plea and other opportunities to deal devastating blows against Al Qaeda and other Muslim terrorists.). To his credit, Bill Clinton succeeds in telling his tale with much conviction; a trait sorely lacking in his wife's memoir.
This translation conveys the same message as the first translation, but is unnecessarily wordy, uses longer complicated sentence structure and is a struggle to get through.  It seems to be a literal translation and also uses French terminology with no footnotes to explain their meaning to the English reader.  All this book demonstrates is that the decades of criticism surrounding the first translation was unfounded & based in ignorance (no big surprise there).Does contain a great quote though:  "Scandinavians are healthy, strong, and cold.  "Fiery" women are those who combine their languor with "fire," like Italian or Spanish women,"Oh how true it is.
Unfortunately, I have to agree with many of the disappointed Diana Galbaldon fans about this one.  I spent 2 months breezing through the first three volumes of the Outlander series, finding it impossible to get anything done but read. But I really had a difficult time getting through  #4 & #5, in particular.  Hang in there though, while this one was not her best effort, it is still worth reading and #6 is great. I can barely wait until the next volume comes out, promised sometime in December of 2008.
but I found this to be uninteresting, unmoving. Dull and dry characters. Lots of literary allusions if you are into that but little for the "commoner".Shoot the Lawyer Twice: A Rep and Melissa Pennyworth Mystery by Michael Bowen is an American version that might interest literature academics.
It is written in the first person with the two characters, Henry and Clare, doing all the talking.  Writing in the first person seemed a bit contrived if all you want to do is tell a good story.  I felt the author was talking to the reader and not the characters, and it became tedious to read in the first person after a while.  The author also is pretentious, often writing sentences and paragraphs in French and German without any translation. (English is my first language) Clare does paper sculptures, I suppose to show she is artistic and sensitive, but who can relate to such an esoteric endeavor.  (Probably the author who wanted to tell us she is artistic and sensitive) Bottem line, it was written by an East Coast elitest who wanted to show how smart and artistic she is and be exciting at cocktail parties.  I should have put the book down after a hundred pages, but I had to finish it so I could credibly advise you of my thoughts.  If there was anything good about the book it had an interesting take on time travel, but after that, you can go get another cocktail and find someone who wants to talk baseball.
This is a very poorly written book with no continuity. A documentary should flow from one age to another. How it ever won any awards amazes me. I could never tell what age he was in any paragraph let alone in any chapter. The best written and easiest chapter to read was the last chapter. Very depressing but you at least could follow the train of thought and what he was feeling. His editor should have been fired on this one and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone to read or waste their time. Frankly I would have stopped reading it after the first 50 pages (I give every book that much of a shot) if it hadn't been our book club reading choice.Barb S.Montana
I am sorry to say that I could not make any sense out of this book. I try to read a classic once or twice a year and had high expectations that Faulkner's work would be wonderful. Alas.
The book is just like the man and his presidency. So much promise and so little use of that promise. There is little doubt Bill Clinton is an intelligent and chrismatic individual but he squandered his opportunity on self indulgence and now uses the book to justify his actions. This is a dull, dull book that I simply could not finish. The book is little more that an opportunity to attack Ken Starr and the vast unseen enemies of the right wing conspiracy. This is a wonderful opportunity for Bill Clinton to once again get on the numerous news channels that fawn over him. I missed Dan Rather's 60 minutes program but did Bill Clinton really pat Dan Rather on the head after the interview. If you've watched any of the programs featuring Bill Clinton you've gotten the best of the book, what little there is. Such a pity and such a waste. My advice, don't bother.
Despite what one reviewer said, this book cannot have been written from Paul's POV as he talks about people and circumstances that occurred before he was born, and about peoples' inner thoughts of which he could have no knowledge.  As I read this 3rd person omniscient novel. I kept thinking "Oh, hell, get on with it!" Having read Lady Chatterly's Lover, I knew this tome was going to be a slog-fest, and I was right. On the other hand, in 1913, the reading public had lots of time and no TV soap operas, so I suppose they didn't mind tedious passages. For example, Lawrence labors over mom's and Paul's love of flowers (she's thrilled to find blue flowers in winter) and I wanted to scream, "Okay, I get it, flowers symbolize fecundity and beauty, and mom and son(s) have a relationship bordering on incestuous, only without the sex. Now what?" I started skipping whole passages and lost nothing of the chain of events. Dad is always a no-goodnik, and mom is always a prim saint. It's an okay story, but what was the point again? Oh, yeah, life is nasty, brutish and short. And quite a bore for poor, downtrodden Mom. I guess Lawrence's desire to be on the cutting edge with his self-proclaimed masterpieve didn't include an obvious alternate conclusion: the book could have been titled, Gay Sons and Lovers.That it was written in 1913, when people were still shocked by tasetlessness and for the most part unaware of Freudian psychology, I'm sure it was steamy for its day. But this story could have been written as a twenty page short story and should have been.
I have read several of Oprah's recommendations and like all of the others, this is an unusually weird book. I don't think she reads anything except this type of book. I did finish the book, only because I am stubborn and refuse to give up, even though it was not an enjoyable read. I do not recommend it to anyone, unless they are into depression.I will not read another of her recommendations nor will I read anything else by this author.
The book is very short and NOT worth the price paid.  Very overpriced for a simple story. I do not recommend this book.
It was good in its day, but it is very dated material and now just seems to be common place knowledge.
I have to admit that I read this critically acclaimed novel under some duress -- it was picked for my book group on the basis that it is one of our member's writing professor's favorite book. (It's also on the Modern Library and Time Magazine lists of Top 100 Novels, for whatever that's worth.) Unfortunately, I tend to like books with plots, and this is certainly not that -- it's more of a psychological portrait of a teenage girl as she undergoes the process of having her "innocence" utterly revoked by the social milieu she is thrust into.Portia is a 16-year-old orphan sent to live with her half-brother and his cold and catty wife in their lovely Regency Park-fronting home in 1930s London. Having been raised in a succession of  continental hotels (an experience Bowen herself had for about a decade, starting at age 12), she is wholly unprepared for the invisible and unspoken rules of the game operating in the upper-class English home she's entered. With her distant half-brother and cold sister-in-law, she struggles to locate some kind of human connection, and only manages to find it in unsuitable people such as an older head servant, or a dissolute young male "friend" of her sister-in-law (he's apparently based on the Welsh writer Goronwy Rees).It is this latter relationship that inevitably leads to tears at the end, as her naive dreams are dashed by the self-absorption of everyone around her. It's all pretty bleak stuff, as there is not a single character in the book who lives in anything approaching happiness. It does have some appeal as a fictional ethnographic case study of a strange bygone (and peculiarly English) ecosystem, but it's hard not to wish for World War II to arrive and force these characters into doing something useful and thinking about something other than themselves.Although it's not a book I can imagine recommending to many people, it is worth checking out if you're the kind of reader who likes to linger over every sentence, picking it up, turning it around, and examining it from every angle. The language is rich enough to warrant this kind of close reading -- even if it didn't generally strike a chord with me. It's also worth reading by anyone with an interest in the interwar era or in the manifestation of class in Britain at the time. Note: The novel was adapted as a miniseries for BBC television in 1985, however this version remains unavailable on DVD.
Rambling chapters punctuated by smug one-line section headers totally fail to engage the reader or convey any sort of coherent messageEven though chapter begins with a bullet-point list entitled "In this chapter you'll learn" - you'd be hard pressed to find anything in the chapter you could refer back to this list.From what I do recall - there was some epic name dropping (famous actors, celebrities etc.), unfathomable Case Studies at the end of each chapter - but most memorable was some fine quotations, one of which (from the first chapter in fact) sums up this book perfectly:"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place" - George Bernard Shaw
Can this be the same author who wrote the wonderful "Range of Motion" and "The Pull of the Moon"?  The characters in "Say When" are not well developed, especially the husband (WHY did he want Ellen back anyway?), and it had a typical "Hollywood happy ending" -- although none of the couple's problems seemed to be resolved. The parts of the storyline involving the daughter just seemed like filler; the reader gets no real sense of how Zoe is actually coping. Elizabeth Berg used to be a wonderful author, but this book is more like a sappy Harlequin romance than a moving novel that makes you feel truly caught up in the characters' lives -- if you want to read THAT kind of book, try "Range of Motion".
We all know that traditional brokers make money when investors buy and sell, so we know they have an incentive to get investors to trade. Josh Brown spends nearly the entire book pointing this out to readers. There, I've saved you the trouble of reading this book.
At first this book was a real page-turner. The premise is preposterous but one can easily accept it as the driver for an interesting and innovative story. And it could have been such a novel, if it was 300 pages shorter. In reality, the relentless pretentiousness and verbosity of the prose gradually wore me down. Endless descriptions of the protagonist's daily lives, laced with a comical amount of literary, artistic and musical name-dropping mentioned by other reviewers.It's the archetypal first novel, and for all that, is a decent effort, but it needs an awful lot of editing.I made it to page 337 before I gave up and read the plot synopsis on Wikipedia.
I'm a big fan of all kinds of fiction, but especially historical fiction.  I love classics too.  I didn't like this book at all.  It seemed almost to copy the style of classics from earlier times, only without any substance.  I even noticed that it used some very obscure words from the English language that were used in "Great Expectations."  Seemed like the author was stretching to sound classic.
This review applies ONLY to the edition of "Cold Comfort Farm" sold by BN Publishing. It is an abridged edition - or as one reviewer called it, a "dumbed-down" version. It still retains some entertainment value, but reads more like a novelization for teens of the 1995 Kate Beckinsale move (which I liked very much) than great literature. I couldn't believe this was a book with such a wonderful reputation, and then I realized this wasn't what Stella Gibbons actually wrote. To make matters truly annoying, I had to confirm my suspicions from external sources. There is absolutely no indication in the book itself that it's anything other than the original. I certainly hope to get the real thing some day, and for anyone else I strongly recommend doing that, and not repeating my mistake.A couple other reviewers have made this point before, but I feel it requires additional emphasis. Those reviews are buried among the high praises of people most of whom probably read unabridged editions, not this one. I don't know exactly how this happens, but I've noticed other cases where reviews clearly don't apply to the particular edition described on that page.
What's stunning is not how good it is, but how different it is from the movie.  I read this because I enjoyed the movie and thought I'd read the novel on which it was made (didn't realize it was a novel for pre-teens).In the movie, the whole thing about Mr. McCleod's character having inappropriate contact with his young charges is technically left unresolved, although it's clearly implied the charges were false.  The book, however, is not ambiguous:  Mr. McCelod did.  At least this is my judgment.  The scenes are graphic, and the author's not really condemnatory about it at all.I sent I a notification to Amazon about this, citing chapter and verse from the text, but they ignored my communication and, to my amazement, are still selling it.
This book may have been a pleasant read when it appeared in the mid 70's, but today, it is definitely unsavory. The attitude of Mr. Theroux toward non-americans is that of a visitor at a zoo. Toward women, it is somewhat worse. The info. on the trains is poor. I read the book to daydream of a trip to Burma, and I hope the country would be more interesting than what Mr. Theroux described 25 years ago.
I expected a book in the genre of the Luz Carlyle novels. Unfortunately it was slow and boring. I suspect it could be a nice book for her children to read but that's all. I have to confess I could not finish it... So the end may have been brilliant - I just couldn't get there.
I never watched the movie and I don't know a whole lot about the premise going in.  Reading this book made me wonder what the heck the fuss about the movie was.  The events depicted in the book weren't scary at all.  As one reviewer said, the only thing scary about the book is the writing!  The writing is repetitive and made me feel like I was reading one of those R.L. Stine Fear Street books I loved as a pre-teen (no disrespect to Mr. Stine, since he was obviously writing for children).And reading the book, I was continuously frustrated by how dumb the family, especially the father, was.  He saw his wife floating above the bed (after a bunch of other supernatural occurrences) and he doesn't hightail it out of the house with his family until almost a month later.  The family continuously have issues communicating with the outside world with the telephone.  Yet they keep using the telephone and getting frustrated with the person on the other line.  At one point, the father screams at the supernatural entity to just &#34;come out and fight him&#34;.  Um...yeah, this is something that levitated his wife and tore heavy locked doors and windows from their hinges and he thought he could take this entity in single combat.  What an idiot!  The only saving grace of this book was that it was short.It's allegedly based on this family's experiences but I'm guessing they made the haunting up to make money.  If they did, I'm surprised they found an audience gullible enough to buy their story.  I certainly won't be watching the movie.
I laugh when people compare this to the Cathcer in the Rye. Umm ....no it's not even worthy of being mentioned in the same breath, although the  formers influence is very evident in the book. As a piece of contempory  fiction though it's not bad. It takes about an hour to read and you finish  up feeling as hollow as everyone in the book. I think American Psycho was  better, depsite its excesses at leats it was funny in places... this isn't.
This was a book for our book club. Boy was a disappointed. Such an interesting idea and so blah. The main character literally has no feelings for 2/3 of the book. How are you supposed to care when the person telling you the story doesn't care, ABOUT ANYTHING!All of the characters were lacking in being interesting. Miriam seemed to be the ONLY character who was interested in anything other than her own good and desires.The writing was still good and the last couple of pages were the best and only real good part of the story. Really, in our hour long book club discussion on this book, 45 minutes were on those last pages
I wasn't too into this one. I'm a big fan of Steinbeck's fiction, but this memoir is rather dull. I was looking to hear what he had to say about the zeitgeist of America at the time he wrote it. But as an older man (as he even admits) he isn't as inspired to talk to or rub shoulders with people whom he crosses paths. The ones that he does write  about come across as a bit uninspired. Nothing much happens on his journey and it almost seems like he doesn't have too much to say.The one highlight was the last couple of chapters, when he goes to the South (New Orleans) and witnesses all the slimy, seperatists as they scream and holler, with pure craven hatred at the first little black children to be integrated into public schools. He is disillusioned and angry and when he tells the tale of what he saw it is absolutely heartbreaking.As much as a mediocre work as it was, I did take an interest in it because I am a fan of Steinbeck. It was cool to hear him write a memoir. Other Steinbeck fans make get something out of it as well and for them I recommend it, just on that basis. As long as you take into account the stuff I said above. If you haven't read Steinbeck, please...start with "The Grapes of Wrath" or "Tortilla Flat." Those are much better works and will give you something to go on if you try to read this.
Compared to other "Let's Read and Find Out" books, this one was dull, had dull historical facts that would not appeal to a youngster.
First off, this book is a huge collection of scientific information on a lot of subjects which don't get detailed explanations in the news.  If you want extremely detailed explanations, here they are.One problem with the book is that it is not for everyone to read.  The product description makes it sound like something for almost anyone, but the content is all technical with very little generalized overview.  The chapter(s) on Hydrogen are so lengthy, and Rosa goes so far in each chapter to assign us calculation homework.  The sheer mass of detailed technical data may distract a layperson from the general fact that Hydrogen is only useful as a means of energy storage, unlike wind or solar power which actually let us capture unused energy as a replacement for petroleum.Within one of those chapters, Rosa makes a rather gratuitous comment about the future price of fuel cells, based entirely on a very generalized argument about production.  But Rosa doesn't have any special knowledge of fuel cell or iron engine production (or at least he does not reveal any such fact here), so this is out of place in what otherwise appears to be a highly academic book.In addition to the inconsistent point of view (mass science vs. expert vs. opinion), it is unclear why anyone would want such formula-level information about so many subjects, but would not care that it lacks any skilled educational technique to help non-experts understand things.I could hardly recommend it to anyone.  Even as a reference book, you are better off looking things up online for this sort of information than using printed text which ages.
... I think I may just be turned off by the way he writes.  I only made it through the first half of this book before I was completely confused and turned around and frustrated.  I felt exactly the same way for his "Satanic Verses"... only got about half way through that one, too.  I am very well versed in Islamic culture and religion, but I know next to nothing of Indian culture, so I was very confused by his profusion of culturally-rich references and descriptions of Indian mindset and history.I am only giving it two stars because he does have a very lyrical and descriptive writing style; I saw another writer compare it to  Nabakov's style of writing, and that seems pretty apt.  Very colorful, very imaginitive, very pleasing to the mind's eye.However, all the prosaic narration in the world will not help you understand a complex, stuttering, warped, fiercely non-chronological tale.  I think it's safe to say that if you have read one Rushdie novel and you like it, you'll like them all.  If, on the other hand, you find one novel to be scream-inducing, it's probably best to avoid the rest of them.
This book is an outdated snapshot of Wicca in the 1970's. It does not accurately reflect Wicca now, has some incorrect history (especially in regards to the genesis of certain traditions), and is completely impractical.If you are trying to learn about modern Wicca/Paganism and how to become involved and how to practice...this book will not help you. There is nothing here that shows you HOW to practice, nothing on how to learn, how to study, how to work ritual, and nothing here that gives a clear picture of the basic parameters of the Wiccan/Pagan Religions. It is overly long, too dry, and uninspiring. Completely impractical.It gets two stars because of a great chapter on the Radical Faeries Movement and Men's Spirituality (wow, there's actually a God in Wicca?) and some interesting photos within.This book was not for me, I don't recommend it for beginners or old-timers or even in-betweens like myself. It's "okay" but nothing special. Just...boring, and not helpful.Far more practical, applicable and helpful (and in the same vein timewise and politically) is The Spiral Dance by Starhawk, it gives a much clearer picture and doesn't seem to ramble as much.
Really... $10 Amazon? Greed much? I know the publisher supposedly sets the price but I have grave difficulty believing Mr. Crichton is insisting on charging more for an E version than the actual paperback costs. Call me crazy... or call me 'Not going to spend $10 to buy a 'second' copy to my hardback version'
I'm beginning to think that business authors think management is just a bunch of idiots, and judging from the popularity of this book among management reading groups, they may be right. This is yet another simple-minded management book with a message that could be stated in one sentence. If it takes an entire book to get the message across, I see little hope for corporate America.
I started this book but was so disgusted by the filthy language in the novel that I stopped reading it and returned it.
To quote "science" to support this THEORY as fact, while conveniently not mentioning the science that does NOT support it, or is inconclusive, is not exactly deception - it is more like fraud. I most definitely will not be ordering anything by these authors again. As well, this info is just variation on a theme.
Roger Penrose sets out to refute the claims of those researchers in artificial intelligence and cognitive neuroscience who claim that the mind is a product of algorithmic processes. Penrose uses ideas from the theory  of computation, and Godel's incompleteness theorem to attempt to show that  algorithmic processes cannot be used to explain the diversity of human  consciousness. Fine so far. But the book has a fatal flaw and it is this:  it is rubbish (and speculative rubbish at that) from top to bottom. The  incompleteness theorem has NOTHING WHATEVER to say about human  consciousness. For an excellent discussion of the incompleteness theorem,  see Barrow's 'Impossibility'. I would also recommend Daniel Dennett's  'Darwin's Dangerous Idea' for a further refutation of Penrose's position,  and Steven Pinker's 'How the Mind Works' for an exposition of the  algorithmic theory of mind. Penrose sets up a straw man and then knocks it  down.To come up with a spurious claim about the capabilities of the  human mind and then set out a completely new (and frankly untestable)  theory about how mystical quantum-mechanical effects give rise to entirely  new problem solving techniques is not even science. It's the worst sort of  'Just-So Story' that those attacking algorithmic theories of consciousness  are always accusing AI researchers et al. of peddling. Penrose has done  himself a grave disservice with this nonsense. Recent work has all but  ruled out his ideas about micro-tubules (and even if there was something  fishy going on there, the self-same microtubules exist in the brains of  cockroaches). The fact that incompleteness is only of significance in an  algorithmic system that is incapable of error seems to have passed him  by.In short: not even close - definitely no cigar.
Because of plenty of action, I found this book a good read which kept my attention. I had to get past plenty of drawbacks, however, first and foremost Crichton's unending trademark lecturing.  Also, as a previous  reviewer noted, parallel universes is a tough one to swallow, quantum  physics or no.  Face it, that was a feeble catch-all to get around the  paradox dilemna.  Another problem with the time travel concept is why,  once we've developed the technology, we are not being visited by future  travellers, who would be benefitting by perfected technology? This and many  other questions are left unanswered by this story.  To enjoy this book,  accept it for what it is, a fantasy--but wait for the paperback.
If Lois Duncan's Killing Mr. Griffin and Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment did a few lines of coke at a party thrown by Bret Easton Ellis and then hooked up, their bastard child would bear more than a passing resemblance to Tartt's The Secret History.Tartt, who can undoubtedly write a lovely sentence when she puts her mind to it, sets up her novel as one long reveal of a group of Classics students behaving badly. Why Classics students? Well, why not? Tartt implies some great resonance here - and God knows a lot of reviews like to nat on about the novel's similarities to Greek tragedy, possibly because it makes the reviewers look erudite - but her Classics seems more like window-dressing than anything else, with characters pointedly and repeatedly quoting to each other in Greek with very little honest referencing of the subject matter or drawing of literary parallels.In point of fact almost any field of study would have served just as well, and Russian literature would actually have made a hell of a lot more sense, given The Secret History's massive debt to Crime and Punishment, which Tartt even quotes at one point. Perhaps the author chose Classics because Greek and Latin are dead languages, and as such as atrophied as her characters, all of whom might as well be sculpted in marble for all the growth and development they demonstrate here. Despite the press on the subject, the strongest parallel I see with Greek tragedy is that the narrative structure forces all the action off-stage, so that we are repeatedly told what's happened rather than seeing it for ourselves. Decide for yourself whether that's homage to a form or simply the mistake of a freshman author.In the end, what seems at first a lovely slow-boil of a novel devolves into a desperate and near-farcical mess populated by characters only about a third as charismatic as the author thinks them, none of whom apparently ever bothered to watch Double Indemnity. Much like its narrator, The Secret History smacks of poseur, and someone trying too hard.
Someone scanned the text from somewhere and obviously never glanced at the results.  Garbled words, garbled punctuation, digits in place of letters, and spots where text is obviously missing (how much text?  Who knows?).John Wyndham's work deserves far better than this.  Where have all the proofreaders gone?I am very angry because I paid $8.99 for this botchwork.  I have returned it for a refund, but I am still angry because I wanted to READ this.
I just found myself wondering why anyone would write a book of this sort. The author had her reasons for the story, but it was a waste of time to read.
This is a book with very little point.  I read it because I heard  everything in it was true.  That is easy to say because nothing is ever  clearly stated it is eluded to.  If the point of this book is that Clinton,  or Stanton, as he is called in the book messed up every life he ever  touched I didn't need a book to find that out it I and most people already  know that.  I gave this book two stars because the one good charcter in  this story is Libby and she is entitled to the two stars.
I have read dry and flat technical books before, but this one stands out as being unusually so.  There is no passion for the subject here and it is the kind of book that does not make an impact.  What really makes for a good architecture is not something that is really discussed and things that require further explanation often seem nipped in the bud.  You are not going to get a feel for the nuances of J2EE architecture with this book, and I think it is when you understand those, your retention and grasp go up a great deal.  Only then can you weigh options and consider the alternatives intelligently.  Sorry guys, I think you needed a bit more time to organize and explain the material more fully.  I also think the consistent, machine like quality of the prose detaches the reader rather than pull them in.  Some may get what they want from this book, but it was not a book I enjoyed nor one that gave me much insight.  Many facts are here and stated, but the pie was not finished when it was pulled from the oven.
"Ways of Seeing " has become so universally available, so overused (especially in academia), and so often quoted, that it's refreshing to read the reviews of so many intelligent naysayers here. "Ways of Seeing" is perhaps mistitled in that it really proposes only one way of seeing works of art, which is as artifacts in the history of capitalism.  It is propaganda, and like most propaganda, it heavily skews the evidence in favor of it's main argument, which is basically that European art from Raphael to Picasso is just a tool for enslaving women, non-Europeans and the working classes.  (Warning: Berger is a real kill-joy. If you read this book and imbibe it's themes, be prepared to never innocently enjoy your favorite old masters again!) However, I would advise anyone with a serious interest in art criticism and theory to get a copy, fill the margins with notes, consult the original sources, and decide for herself/himself how well it stands up. To give just one instance of how sloppy Berger can be, I would invite the reader to consider whether he bothered to learn anything about the art of perspective drawing before indicting it as ideologically tainted, and then trashing it, all in two short paragraphs.
She writes very well but I was disappointed and expected to enjoy it  more.  The plot was slow to move along and I couldn't believe in the characters.  I know that Donna Tartt produces a novel only about every ten years, and The Goldfinch, which I am now reading, was published to great acclaim.  I find it shares the same problem of endless descriptions of moods and scenery without moving the plot along fast enough.
I was disappointed in this book.  I expected a motivational "kick in the pants" but it falls terribly short.  The lists in this book are ok; if you just need some ideas on how to change certain aspects of your life you don't like; but for those of us who need a coach or cheerleader to get those changes started there is very little guidance.
I did a fair amount of research on history books and finally bought this one because of the great product reviews it had. Boy was I disappointed when it arrived. The language it is written in is dull and hard to understand. I found myself Googling half of the events the author discussed because his analysis was too complex. This book is NOT for the average reader looking to learn a little more about the history of the greatest country in the world.
I am an intermediate advanced Spanish student, and I was looking for a product to help me to speak more fluently.  I was extremely dissappointed with this product.  First of all, the word "Advanced" in the title is a misnomer.  The lessons on this CD are very, very basic.  The instructions are even given in English, which is an indication of the level to which he is trying to speak.  Secondly, the way in which the lessons are taught is very disorganized and, quite frankly, annoying.  The teacher says something, then the student repeats it (it usually sounds nothing like Spanish when they do), and they continue along like that.  The fact that the teacher is not a native speaker also is not helpful.  If you really are an advanced speaker of Spanish, skip this product entirely.  If you are a basic speaker, this might help you if you can possibly stand to listen to the whole thing.
It's evident that the author is a master craftsman. The use of simple language reminded me of the writing style of Michael Cunningham's The Hours in its pure virtuosity and power. The story is engaging and evokes its fair  share of emotional responses, which is a mark of good story telling. The  protagonist, David Lurie, and his daughter were roundly drawn and credible  to a great degree but are also certainly pathetic and foolish beyond all  reason. I empathized with them all in their many incredible misfortunes and  with those poor dogs. But underneath a great story there is usually some  moment when the soul is lifted and we become wiser or stronger or nobler  for having read the work. Disgrace held no such moment for me. And I so  hoped for some shred of redemption among these poor lost souls.  Indeed,  the publisher would have done well to package a cyanide caplet neatly  within the hardbound edition to put us out of our misery from such a  wretching, heartless and utterly hopeless tale. I can't remember a story  line quite so absent of heart. The pity is that such an absence masks as  realism, which in this case doesn't begin to compensate for the despair  that the author heaps so relentlessly upon his readers.  Life certainly  has more than its fair share of ugliness, if you care to focus upon it,  especially to such an extreme. We all know this. However, great writers  uncover the mystery, the heart and soul of humans tormented by adversity or  treachery or their own folly. Hummingbird House by Patricia Henley is a  better example of a person under duress who rises above extremes of social  and political injustice. The author gets high marks for craftsmanship.  Aren't we weary yet of great technicians who have no great stories to tell?  Let's hope that in his next book the author manifests some semblance of  heart. Isn't that the point, after all?
I have read every translated Harry Hole novel. The first three or so we're great and then seemed to peter out. I couldn't wait for this first one to be translated. Maybe I expected too much but for me it was nothing special. Nowhere near as complex as the later ones.
Words cannot express my hatred for this book. If Amazon allowed it, this book would get a -10 star rating. If I could find every copy of this book I'd bundle them up and hurl them into the nearest nuclear reactor, gather the residue, and put it on the next probe to a neighboring galaxy. If I had a functional time machine, I'd seriously consider making sure this book never was created.Somehow, John Steinbeck manages to simultaneously whine while also using an author "voice" that drips with unparalleled condescension. I consider The Grapes of Wrath an atrocity foisted upon generations of unsuspecting students by brain-dead literati who call it Literature---most likely because they feel a tremendous need to prove they are intellectually superior to everyone else by forcing garbage down their throats.My grandparents were very much like Okies from the depression era. They came from the Missouri Ozarks, got married in 1933 and raised 11 children. During this era, my grandfather worked as a laborer on a pig farm, mostly shoveling pig manure. Obviously, my grandparents were very culturally similar to the Okies Steinbeck attempted to portray in this "novel". I find The Grapes of Wrath to be completely insulting to their legacy.The reason why is that The Grapes of Wrath uses symbols and referents that were completely alien to their world view. In no way would my grandparents conceptualize or symbolize the world like Steinbeck does. Of course, Steinbeck doesn't care. He's too good and too arrogant to try to look at the world through their lens. Instead, he transmogrifies their world view into something palatable to self-identified intelligentsia based in university English departments. Of course, their experience, expressed in symbols that would have spoken to people immersed in their own culture wouldn't be sophisticated enough to make their experience "valid". Oh no. Instead, he needed to create something totally alien to them, and then claim it to be the ultimate expression of their experience.To understand how offensive The Grapes of Wrath is, it's as if someone tried to write a novelization of "Boy'z 'n the Hood" using symbols and cultural referants typical among members of Augusta National Golf Club, with ghetto slang rendered into dialect by a white man with an elite education, then trying to tell people the result is the definitive rendition of American urban experience. The Grapes of Wrath is a 169,481 word definition of Noblesse Oblige.In short, Steinbeck is saying we can't care about people like my grandparents unless we turn them into something the eastern liberal establishment can understand (while validating their self-proclaimed intellectual superiority).I do recognize that my hatred for this book is extreme, probably driven by being forced to read it 3 times during my education AND WRITE PAPERS ON IT. Reading it was bad enough. Having to write three papers on The Grapes of Wrath is traumatic enough to make someone refuse to write an essay for the rest of their life. I so hated this book that I found myself hoping the entire Joad family would get mowed down by a Zephyr hurtling down the highway so they'd be put out of their misery. Unfortunately, Deathrace 2000 wouldn't get made for another 36 years.I wrote this review hoping that people who revere this book (and I recognize that there are many) can understand why legions of students (I would suggest they are a silent majority) hate it (as I did many years ago). I'm trying to give a voice to these people that cannot be dismissed with condescending insults like "you're not mature enough" or "you're just not capable of understanding". I thoroughly understand Steinbeck's craft, and I despise it.What makes The Grapes of Wrath even worse is Steinbeck's undeniable literary gifts. The Grapes of Wrath is the artistic equivalent of Pablo Picasso painting a heroic mural glorifying the Hollywood tradition of white actors performing in Blackface.I think the best summary of John Steinbeck's career came when The New York Times asked why the Nobel committee gave the award to an author whose "limited talent is, in his best books, watered down by tenth-rate philosophising".
All right, maybe I'm misjudging it. The CD is entertaining. This isn't a revolutionary tome written by a techno-visionary inventor, it's more a nice little pamphlet introducing people to Our Friend, Mr. Computer. Having read  it 4 years ago, I found it just as vapid as Donald Trump's Art of the Deal:  you find the same self-congratulation packaged as wisdom, but since Trump  never claimed to be doing anything new, it's even worse. You get a  techno-primer on such things as the binary system, a cute picture of a boy  Gates fooling with a PDP-8, a lot of talk about his way-kewl house, and a  CD-ROM showing off what life is going to be like in a Windows-centric  future. Rereading it, it's amazing how much this &quot;visionary&quot; got  wrong: stick to bridge, Bill, you're better off.
This is a great fictional story, really the inspiration for the Da Vinci Code.  For a long time this was assumed to have some sort of facts until the man who supplied most of the evidence was found in a French Court to have made the whole thing, including the Priory of Sion, which is a secret society only in the imagination of a French political activist.Its a very good story nonetheless, some facts mixed in with the fiction, but as for claiming to be "factual" in a general sense, this book is deceiving in that regard.  The man responsible for this deception was an individual known as Pierre Plantard.  The BBC debunked the supposed "facts" behind this story shortly after Plantard admitted forgery of documents to create "evidence" of a non-existent Priory of Sion.Like I said, if you expect to find something factual in this tome, you're going to be disappointed, if you like research Monsieur Plantard further and all the truth shall be known to you!
I really wanted to finish this book but I just couldn't force myself to finish it. For starters, the first chapter starts out like 50 Shades of Grey. Not what I was expecting! Then it just never seemed to go anywhere. I felt like it kept taking me off on side trails and never made it back to where I started. This was a book picked by my book club and I don't think anyone finished it.
in india, a coconut in the sociological context refers to one who is brown outside and white inside - an indian who pretends to be an european and is ashamed of his own native culture. naipaul was a coconut par excellence - at the time he wrote this book - more than 25 years back. raised in a foreign land where he was cut off from his traditions and born in a time when britain due to colonial motives succeeded in painting a depressing picture of india and its culture, it is little surprise that naipaul unable to validate a culture on its own perspective, can only see india from the disappointed eyes of a western educated individual.in the uk, racism and prejudice against other cultures often makes foreigners, especially those from the sub-continent, distance themselves from their native background and culture and merge with the mainstream culture as much as possible. they want to be more british than the british themselves. so it is little surprise that naipaul on visiting india with his subverted psyche, and not finding what he wanted (an european way of life), could only heap scorn and scorn upon it.indian culture is not the way it is for no reason - it has its own reasons for its beliefs and practice based on its 5000 years plus civilizational experience. and to validate a struggling nation just two or so decades after its independence (preceded by 2 centuries of unbridled and merciless colonial looting) is hardly fair. and what is his major point of reference in his criticism of native traditions? - the psychobabble of another coconut who is well known for his anti-hindu slant.but life is much more complex - naipaul is a changed man today - just a couple or so years back he was a leading guest in a meet organized by the "hindu nationalists" who had captured parliamentary power in india then.naipaul's prose and general use of language imo is atbest average. his penchant to prove his own point often with ridiculous reasoning finds its acme in one instance in the book where naipaul condemns a man who asserts that many western women who come to india in the name of seeking spiritual solace are actually looking for free sex (which to a great extent is very true) - as one who is used to "self excitement" - and that by merely looking at his complexion!
Decided to read this, after having borrowed it from a friend months ago and left it on the floor, because of the movie (or something).  It's more or less what I expected: over-written, unconvincing, and driven by two-dimensional characters.  The only things I know about Clare and Henry are the things Niffenegger told me, because the two characters themselves don't bring anything to the table.The narrative bounces back and forth between the two leads, diary-style, although that's somewhat unclear.  Are these actual diaries?  What kind of knowledge do these character-narrators have?  I have no idea.  And they speak in the exact same, ornate MFA-speak (presumably Niffenegger's voice), which doesn't do a lot to improve their general unconvincingness.Finally, I'm not entirely sure what work the time-travel plot device is actually doing here.  It's cute, in a way, and shows some remarkable forethought in planning, but what's the point?  What do I learn about these characters or the world through the use of this plot device?  My claim is: nothing.About halfway through the book, I was really hoping that what Niffenegger was going to give me was a story about how love is really a game in which people prey on each other's weaknesses for their own personal gain.  The semi-frequent references to Lolita were pretty refreshing when they could be read as clues to what was going on.  In this case, the time-travel conceit would really do some heavy lifting, because it would be unclear whether Henry or Clare was the correct analog for Humbert Humbert.  Alas, it wasn't to be, as the second half of the book made pretty clear - but that would have been a much better book.
I really didn't get much out of this book and in fact just sold it today! It's extremely short (about an hour's reading) and I guess I thought the author's message was pretty common sense: take charge of your own life and deal with changes pro-actively. These days it's tough to have faith that the company you're working for is going to keep you around for an entire career. Even if you're a good friend of the CEO, that doesn't help much because even CEOs can be fired if the company's not turning a profit!This book is good as a wakeup call for people who still have a false sense of security with companies. A business is unfortunately mainly about profit and loss, and if an employee is no longer profitable the business would prefer to replace him or her with someone who is. Having the "cheese" taken away is never fun, but at least it forces you to learn new skills or whatever it takes to find a new source of cheese.But overall, [$] for this tiny little tome is asking way too much and you can find far better books on this matter for less. There are tons of PMA type books out there that teach how to always maintain a good attitude no matter what happens and to make the best of what you have. Some of the classic authors like Dale Carnegie, J. Paul Getty, Frank Bettger, etc. will teach you how to have an adaptable attitude and a whole lot more besides.
I read this when it first came out and hated it. I could not understand what the fuss was about so continued my excruciating reading to the bitter end. The main character is repulsive and un-engaging. Twenty years later a very intelligent and witty friend told me that it was his favorite book and I read it again to see what I'd missed. Nothing. I now think considerably less of my friend.
Jonathan Haidt sets out to explore ancient and modern approaches to happiness, with Buddhism highlighted as one of the main 'ancient' approaches.  What becomes quickly clear, however, is his ignorance of Buddhist teachings.  Jonathan rejects one narrow set of Buddhist teachings - those to do with non-attachment - then goes onto emphasise how important relationships with others are to happiness, without any reference to the fact that love and compassion are also regarded as central to happiness in Tibetan Buddhism.Jonathan describes The Dalai Lama as a 'modern' leader within Buddhism, as though his views are somehow less ancient than the version of Buddhism he misrepresents.  But as anyone familiar with the work of Shantideva, the 8th century Buddhist monk will know, loving and compassionate relationships with other beings have always been regarded as not only desirable but necessary to enlightenment.I really don't want to be hard on Jonathan.  Elsewhere, his book makes some stimulating and useful points.  But given the wealth of available books and teachings on Buddhism, I am surprised and disappointed by the way he characterises the tradition.  I would urge him to go to Youtube and listen to any of the Dalai Lama's teachings on relationships with others before next setting pen to paper.
I'd tried to read White Noise a number of times, thrown it across the room each time.  But this time, with a couple of transatlantic plane flights in my arsenal, I couldn't fail to finish, right?Wrong.  White Noise is terrible.  It's full of dialogue that no one would ever say, precious, precious, gimicky, and gimicky.  Every word is too clever by half, including "and" and "the."  I take it the grating serial monologs making fun of consumerism (oooh - how unprecedented!) are meant to emphasize the disconnectedness of modern life.  But instead they show only the consequences of writing an arid echo chamber of a piece drained entirely of humanity or anything remotely resembling any claim at accuracy.  It is, however, tremendously effective at annoying its readers.Fear not DeLillo haters.  This will be off the syllabi before too long.  And how we will celebrate!
As another reviewer already stated, this book is reminiscent of Malcolm Gladwell's new book Outliers, and unfortuantely for this author, his book is not nearly as concise, well-written, or even remotely as interesting as Gladwell's book is.When Gladwell writes Outliers, he is writing about exceptional individuals, while Wired to Care focuses in much the same way on exceptional companies.  The concepts are not always intertwined, but the overall goal is the same.My fundamental problem with the book lies not in it's structure or in comparison, but that I simply felt that this book was outrageously long given the simplicity of the subject matter being discussed.  I felt as though I read 215 pages worth of text to learn what might account for three paragraphs worth of information if you stretch it.  Needless to say, there was a lot of fluff, and a few too many case examples for my liking.  The cause for this is very straightforward: there's simply not enough here to make a book out of.Overall, if you're looking for a quality business book, you surely want to look elsewhere.  For all of you business enthusiasts who would read this for a better understanding of our world, I would recommend you read Outliers by Gladwell as a much more entertaining and educational option.  This one gets tired quickly, although it is fairly inspirational.  Aside from that, it provides little lasting value.
The book was great!!  if of course you like 1000 pages of mind numbing life accounts.  i never really thought anyone could be so self obsessed.  i gave it two stars because i actually happen to not mind clinton.  but i think that the NYTIMES should have stuck with there first review of the book that was along the talk of what i said in my second sentence.  the NYTIMES after getting a call from clinton's aides decided to review the book again, more favorably.  but don't take my word on it, search the NYTIMES site and you will see two very different reviews.  seam's like these days it's not just kerry who smells like waffles! :)clinton really made a mistake, he thought that he would have a legacy like JFK, FDR or Ronny Reagan so he decided to write a book for historians to look back on.  this book was the wrong book to write for him.  he should have focused on his scandal and tried to redeem his name, explain the human side of what happen.  let people know that we all make mistakes, that we all sometimes have to lie to protect from incredible embarrassment.clinton was a good president who will unfortunately will always be known for his scandal it is a real shame but it is NO ONES fault but his own.
I read this book on vacation, and so my brain was as relaxed as possible and as willing to be understanding. However, for the sake of full disclosure (and, hopefully, credibility), I am a graduate student in Medieval Studies, and I happen to have been taking a couse in the Medieval Book this semester, so that was my background while I was reading Codex.I don't really need to repeat the comments of most of the people here -- that the plot is thin, the characters shallow, and that at best, the novel keeps you reading until the final, disappointing conclusion. I will say though that for the know-it-all tone that Grossman adopts, and considering that he brings in a medievalist graduate student to be even more erudite,  his mistakes are glaring. (Some of these are factual mistakes that anyone with an acquaintance with the subject would spot, and some are logical mistakes that absolutely anyone would notice.)I only remember one of them off the top of my head, and I can't check for more because I left the book in disgust at the hostel where I was staying. However, it's a notable example of the ignorance involved. Someone suggests burning the manuscript, and the main character says something like, "It's vellum, not paper. It doesn't burn."EXCUSE ME? Someone should have told that to all the vellum manuscripts that have been destroyed in fires over the ages... then they would have known that animal skin doesn't burn.Look buddy, if your main character was an English major at Yale, even as an undergrad he would know that vellum burns, because they all know that the Beinecke is full of rare manuscripts and books, and they like to tell you repeatedly (though incorrectly) how the air will be sucked out of the entire stacks in the case of fire. Also, he would know just a little more about books in general, ya know?Sigh.
The book has lots of examples, but fails to explain them. Jumps from one topic to another without thorough discussion. Maybe it is good as reference, but not for beginner.
Margery Allingham's books are little masterpieces.  She had a gift for discription that I've not found in the work of any other author.  Her books are witty, profound and highly entertaining.  A Fashion in Shrouds is no exception.  SO WHY ABRIDGE THE BOOK?  I came across this audio in a used bookstore and bought it just so I could write a review.  As I listened, I read the book and mourned the loss of large, wonderful chunks of prose and wisdom.  Speaking for myself, I just don't get why anyone with the kind of mind that enjoys books like these would want anything but the full audio version.  And Where is the full audio version?  It's on cassett and very well done too. So why is it not on CD?  I would happily buy the unabridged versions of Campion on CD or download from Audible.
Another book that I didn't mean to read in one sitting. This re-telling of fairy tales wasn't particularly magical, or particularly enjoyable - it was more of a modernization than anything else. It was interesting, I suppose, but it read more like poetry than prose in parts, which probably negatively affected my enjoyment.
Ken Kesey, Sometimes a Great Notion (Bantam Windstone, 1964)I really, really wanted to like this book. An underread novel by an acknowledged American master of letters with a  core of fans who consider it one of the best novels of the last century. What could be better? Well, to put it in as few words as possible, Kesey's writing style.One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest works, and works so well, because it's tight. It's terse. It says what needs to be  said. Kesey knows what he wants to say and says it. You get the idea. It's been compared to A Christmas Carol a number of times, and with very good reason. But if Cuckoo  is Kesey's Christmas Carol, then Sometimes a Great Notion is Kesey's Bleak House. It's long-winded, rambling, incoherent, and could easily have lost three hundred pages from  its final length without anyone noticing anything had gone; when your main character doesn't get to the place where all the action is happening until page 88, and still hasn't  gotten his baggage from the bus terminal eight miles away fifty pages later, you know there's a whole lot of extraneous material therein. And while that makes sense within  Kesey's chosen stylistic framework (the story is told by awoman flipping through a photograph album), there's just too much of the rambling and not enough plot advancement.  It's like being stuck in a whole novel of Melville's two-hundred-page cessation of action in Moby Dick. If you thought that was painfully unreadable, Sometimes a Great  Notion may well send you into apoplectic fits.
Elizabeth Gould Davis' book THE FIRST SEX is the author's assertion that prehistory was matriarchal and that women are physical, mentally, and morally superior to men. Her aim is already questionable, for who would want to say one half of the human race is superior to the other, and her manner of carrying out the argument is ineffective.The problems with the book are manifold, and the difficulty in describing them all lies in where to even start. For one, Davis does not appear to have been qualified to write a book based on archeological and historical data, for being a common librarian she had no specialized training in the subjects. With no proficiency with, for example, Latin she has to interpret ancient sources by translations, and in one bizarre passage suggests that only women translators are capable of producing reliable results. While later saying that Christianity was made up entirely, she takes everything written in other ancient sources as dry fact insisting, for example, that the Amazons existed while most experts would now hold that they were a mere fanciful myth.Within the field of biology, her limited knowledge of the field and the outdatedness of her sources results in tired assertions such as that all children regardless of gender begin at conception as female, which modern science has shown to be a misconception based on visual appearance when there is always a clear genetic distinction.Davis makes a number of curious sidetracks into areas for which she simply has a personal distaste, even if they have no relation to her thesis. Christianity and Judaism particularly suffer. Her feelings for Judaism appalingly approach anti-semitism, with Jews being portrayed as distasteful and shifty barbarians whose ideas, introduced to the civilized (i.e. matriachal) world resulted in its downfall. Then with Christianity she does what she can to belittle it, calling it "the barbarous religion" and reducing all the sundry denominations of the faith into one single doctrine of evil. At times, this results in obvious contradictions, as when she writes that Christians made up stories of persecution and were really treated well in Rome, and then a mere couple of pages later notes that several Roman emperors persecuted Christians to a great degree.Finally, Davis drops a long expected bombshell in her afterword by proclaiming that we are now "on the threshold of the new Age of Aquarius", reducing what wasn't even a passable academic work to mere new-age claptrap.THE FIRST SEX, in the three decades since its appearance, has been extensively debunked, and thankfully contemporary readers are more likely to approach it through first hearing that it is nonsense. Cynthia Eller's THE MYTH OF MATRIARCHAL PREHISTORY is the most detailed of these critical examinations and essential reading if you intend on perusing Davis' book. Eller's book is admirable in that it shows how these crank ideas, by basing hopes upon an imaginary past, are actually harming the possibility of creating a just and equal society in the future.Davis' is a book of already objectionable premise made terrible by its spiteful tone and disregard for academic standards, and the ease by which it has been debunked. I really cannot recommend THE FIRST SEX; even for those looking for opposing voices in anthropological study there are better, more trustworthy works.
So a publisher approaches a Scottish, Sci-Fi writer with the idea of writing a book. Simple enough.  Take a car and driver around Scotland.  Visit Distilleries and write about it...Yep, simple enough.The trouble is this - the writer must not (or does not) understand that he's writing a non-fiction book.  The fiction abilities don't translate over.  1) He immediately gets political.  He has destroyed his passport and insults the politicians in the UK as well as GW Bush in the States.  Result - very quickly he has 'crapped' on 50% of the populace in both countries.  Remember this is supposed to be a book about whisky.  2) He quickly rallies against the war...'no war for oil'.  But then goes on about driving very fancy cars at high speeds around Scotland - (FYI.  He waived off on having a driver)....3) When writing a story - include interesting characters!  I would assume that Mr. Banks does this with his other writing.  I bought this book and immediately realized that I didn't like him as a character and his meandering cast of tag alongs didn't seem interesting....I read a small snip-it of the book and thought it would be interesting.  I failed to read the other reviewers of the book....Don't bother with this one.  There are other light hearted books out there on whisky visits....Try them first.
I very much disagree with the review by Raghu Reddy, who gave this book much too high a rating. I am a senior mathematics major interested in math itself, not applied math such as physics, engineering,  et. al.I weep for other undergraduate students who have been assigned this text as their text, as I have for my two semester, 400-level Prob & Stats I & II courses.The authors use terms as parts of definitions before those terms have been properly defined, leading to much confusion.They don't use enough graphs and figures to illustrate their arguments (please remember that a picture can be worth 1000 words). The text has a poor typeface and the pages are too small making it a dense and unfriendly read.The text seems to not have been updated since its 1977 copyright. Probability and Statistics are living fields (as opposed to, say, Calculus I's treatment of basic derivatives and integrals) and as such the texts used to instruct on these fields need to be regularly updated to reflect new insights on core concepts as well as state of the art pedagological methods. In the 21st Century the format and delivery are simply unacceptable.The authors commit the cardinal sin of a mathematical text by giving an example -- EXAMPLE -- problem in words or mathematical notation and then supplying the answer, filling in the missing steps between notation and answer with handwaving, "obviously", "it is clear", or worse: just assuming you can make the jump.Now, if you are a math genius and aced your way to this senior year class you might a) be able to laboriously wade your way through this dense, tear-jerking (not in a good way) text, b) already know most of the first semester stuff through intuition and outside reading, and/or c) still be a virgin. For the rest of us mere mortals please consider that we struggle through our classes, need all the help we can get, and look forward to learning until socially-retarded instructors and/or horrible texts stop us in our tracks.A Plea To College Instructors:Please, please, please (read those three words again!) realize we students spend one to two hours with you and the next two to twenty-three with our text. If you supply us with a text as horrible as this you are insulting us as human beings and are unconsiously whipping yourself as you wonder why we can't understand the basic issues at hand. For the love of the axiomatic systems (or the deity of your choice) pick one of the 5-star rated books here at Amazon as your text. Five stars means your students are learning and enjoying their learing.--Regards,Christiaan
Ruth Harris purports to write a scholarly treatment of Lourdes.  Clearly, scholarly in her sense of the term means a rejection of the actual faith which underlies the history of Lourdes and most of the people who go on pilgrimage there. It is a common ploy today for intellectuals who reject the faith itself and are in fact hostile to it to disguise their true dispositions by characterizing simple believers as adherents to some kind of folk beliefs independent of the actual content of Catholicism.  In this way, Harris is able to attack Catholicism itself but appear to respect phenomena such as visions, miracles and those who believe in them.  The latter are cast into the framework of common folk thinking and acting independent of the hierarchically-constituted Church. Harris' Lourdes exists only in her imagination and in the confines of the intellectual constructs she imposes on it. It is similar in vein to those who cast Our Lady of Guadalupe into the framework of syncretism, that is, the common people subverting Catholicism by mixing it with pagan elements.  The truth is known to be otherwise for those who are careful to study the history. Lourdes and Guadalupe are towering monuments to Catholic orthodoxy.  Harris' perspective has nothing to do with the actual dispositions of Saint Bernadette Soubirous and the millions who have followed her to the grotto in Lourdes.  This work will impress those who know little about Lourdes or Bernadette and are predisposed to Harris' psychological and sociological reductionism. I might add that a work purporting to be objective would have considered more carefully the extensive scientific evidence.  Those interested in the real Lourdes and the real Bernadette should read the works of Rene Laurentin, the best Lourdes scholar.
A teen runs away seeking out his mom so he can lay her. And he does. An old guy, who do to a mysterious incident while a kid, loses his memory and IQ but gains the ability to talk to cats, goes on a journey to find a portal/entrance stone. The old guy runs into trucker who joins him. The trucker, every time he speaks to the old man asks him "Do you have to take a dump?" Meaning a bowel movement. I kid you not. Not my cup of tea.
This rating was chosen because it wasn't, a very good book. The other books in the series before this one are way better than this one. But if you like books where people are tied up over saws this book might be okay. The best one the reptile room is the one I would recommend. It also had a few stats that's why I gave it two stars.
I'd like to say &quot;0&quot; stars, but I did find this book interesting and provocative.  However, the author does not understand the Enneagram and has written erroneous information about it.  I enjoyed the book until I hit this section.  I immediately slammed the book and took it back.  My logic is that if the Enneagram information is incorrect, how can I depend on any of the material?
You're probably investigating this book because like me, you're already interested in the concept of "inflammatory foods" but you've spent a lot of time on the Internet trying to ascertain exactly which foods are inflammatory and which are not. You're found a lot of conflicting advice from the usual Oprah Gurus: Weil says avoid chicken, Perricone says chicken is great. Both say avoid pasta and sugar, and eat whole grains, but their fruit,  veggie and legume lists vary. What to do?Reinagel has attempted to clear the air by creating the "Inflammation Rating" (I.R.) system which weighs many factors such as glycemic load and anti-inflammatory phytochemicals. Unfortunately, you're going to come away even more confused. Not only does she contradict nearly everything the other Oprah Gurus say (for example, with an I.R. of -135, a serving of highly touted whole grain millet is twice as inflammatory as a serving of pasta) but she contradicts HERSELF repeatedly.For example, she writes "Certain foods...such as pineapple...have potent - almost druglike - anti-inflammatory actions...They can be used to great advantage in an inflammation-reducing diet." So then why does a cup of fresh pineapple appear in the Rating Chart at -37, a cup of canned -108? That's worse than a frozen waffle (-85)!To her credit, she also repeatedly says you're supposed to use the rating chart to balance inflammatory foods with anti-inflammatory ones...you're NOT intended to avoid foods with negative ratings. For example, add onions or tumeric to those beans. And she warns against the monotonous consumption of so-called "super foods" and urges us instead to eat a varied, wholesome and colorful diet. Which includes most of those beans, grains, fruits and nuts on the negative end of the scale, so what's the point of even having a scale?She does suggest that you have your doctor do a blood test for C-reactive protein (CRP) which will tell you whether you have inflammation or not. I'd say  first find out whether you even have a problem before you expend too much energy trying to fix it.I kept flashing back to Frances Moore Lappe's DIET FOR A SMALL PLANET which taught us to tediously combine various foods with the goal of "protein complementarity." That concept has long since been debunked...I'm guessing that eventually, the I.R. diet plan will end up in the same dust heap of failed promises.
I found this book to be dissatisfying.  Joseph Campbell speaks of the Hero Cycle involving many things, such as a dismemberment or crucifixion being associated with the threshold crossing.  As the trio enters the volcano, there is nothing horrendous about their passage.  There is no "elixir theft," although Arne Saknusemm's dagger could have fit the bill.  Lastly, there is no real character development.  You have the clash and tension between Harry and the Professor: young-old, scientist-novice, driven-reluctant.  But there is not enough to drive the story, and no enchantment.There are some mythic elements, but they seem a bit haphazard.  They exit the earth, the "belly of the whale," by way of a torrent and lava, the Masonic fire and water trial.  IT pushes them out and up, in a mock rebirth.  Then they land in paradisiacal Italy, contrasting with cold and dead Iceland.  This is the motif of a "sacred grove," but it is never utilized fully.Furthermore, there are some structural problems. Specially, Verne has two backtracks. The first is in Chapter 18, when they take the wrong road, and then Chapter 33, with the storm blowing the raft back to the starting point.  Aesthetically, this is wonderful parallelism, but by the time you get to the discovery and the back track, you feel cheated.  All the reading you have done up to that point was pointless.The ending is rushed, and the denouement seems like a slipknot at times.  I would have preferred a bit drawn out enduing and the possibility of a sequel.  After all, who is Arne Saknusemm, and is there more to mysterious and even Christic figure?  He is a Buddha, an enlightened one who leads the way for other to follow as they go through the underworld that is middle earth.It is Verne's second book, so he is still in the process of becoming "Verne" or the icon we have depicted in "Back To The Future III."  Despite my criticism, you do see the wonderful characters and Technicolor and three-dimensional scientists at work. They are not the flat logic boxes or computing machines, like Sherlock Holmes, or the campy "Professor" cutout character on bad TV programming.Vern can spin a yarn, and mix enough technical scientific detail to make it believable.  I am not familiar with Verne's scientific background, but he understands that science is merely part of the backdrop to any science fiction story.Leonard Nemoy's afterward in the Signature Books Edition (0451528964) is worth reading.  He does an analysis between the father-son relationship of Harry and th Professor.  He caught things that I had missed, in my frustration of the backtracking problems.  Read after reading the text.
Peace. Fiscal prosperity. Care for the environment. A national surplus. Clearly, this is the worst president in the History of America. Clinton wants to burn every bible and open a sex shop on every corner of the USA. He should be arrested for not pledging fealty to the Christian Coalition. Thank God George W rode in on his horse and saved America from the devil worshippin hillbilly. Praise Jesus!
I've read a lot of screenwriting books. This is hands down the worst. How this author (not screenwriter, mind you, since the author has not written a movie...) got a book deal is beyond me.
I selected this book for my husband, who is a systems engineer.  He saw the title and thought it might be helpful to him.  He was very disappointed.He was expecting pointers and tips from somebody with extensive experience (more than 20 years, as listed on the back of the book).  He wasn't expecting basics, which is what he got out of this.  He said it read like a Data Models for Dummies, using an obscure language that nobody that he knows uses.  He acknowledged that, in the author's defense,  part of the problem is that the author's field of experience doesn't always translate too well to how my husband has to use data models in his work as a systems engineer. The author deals with pumps and physical parts of things for energy sector work.  Whereas, it has little to no application to software intensive systems.Another thing to note is that the author is from England and is not American.  There seemed to be a difference in syntax and even word choices that made some sections harder to comprehend.  His examples are so far different than anything that my engineer husband has ever worked with or ever used, which made the book hard to follow.  The author's data model examples are difficult to understand because of language, but worse: the diagrams that are supposed to simply and clarify the text are even more confusing than the text in most cases.  Lots of his examples include a space axis, which doesn't make much sense to include in many of the diagrams throughout the book.  My husband explains it as, "It was like he invented irrelevant axes to make the diagram look more fancy than it needed to be."  The author is hooked on the spacio-temporal extent, meaning the diagrams were heavy on space and time, but space generally had nothing to do with the model in most cases.  I could follow some of the diagrams, but I was left scratching my head several times myself wondering just how space was relevant to the model.Bottom line: for those who do data modeling in UML, XML, Sequel, SoaML, even IDEF or SysML, they'll likely find few nuggets of wisdom inside the pages of this book.
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!Steinbeck has reinvented himself in this work as a pretentious bore. Was this the man who wrote East of Eden? Hardly seems possible.This Steinbeck comes across as a pseudo intellectual who names his truck after Don Quixote's horse seems unaware that the New York license plates on the truck will influence what people think of him.He spends time between boring observations inserting a combination of Hemingway toughness and sophomoric intellectual "name dropping".I am sorry after 100 pages I quit...most of his insights were wrong and the few that were good weren't worth the pain.
If you have nothing of value to do with your time then buy this book.  It should keep you occupied for months.  I don't understand how readers give this book 4-5 stars.  They must know nothing about the market.  The author took simple well known technical analysis concepts and managed to make them extremely complex and challanging to understand.  If this is what he wanted to achieve in this book then all I can say is that he did a super job.  The amazing thing is that it took almost 500 pages to tell us nothing of value.  There isn't one single swing trading strategy in this book that will make you money.  If you want a book that is also big on words, but has a little bit more substance then you should buy Oliver Velez and Greg Capra book, Tools and Tactics for the Master Trader.  It is not the best book, but it is far better than this book.Unfortunately there are no good swing trading books on the market.  The book by Misha Sarkovich is the worst book on Swing Trading ever written.  The book by Dave Landry is a waste of [money].  The book stock trading wizard by Tony Oz, who wrote the forward for this book is geared for daytrading, so the coverage of swing trading is minimal, this book is also too expensive.  When will someone finally write a good straight forward swing trading book?
Timeline is another case of Crichton following in the footsteps of others and failing to fill their shoes. Just as &quot;Sphere&quot; paled in comparison to Dean Koontz' &quot;Strangers&quot; which dealt with the same subject, &quot;Timeline&quot; is a novel of time travel that pales in comparison to other, more sophisticated stories in the genre.Structurally, the book is similar to &quot;Jurassic Park.&quot; It begins with an odd encounter in the desert of New Mexico. Who is this man, how did he get here, and what's wrong with him? It's similar to the mysterious attack on a child in the beginning of &quot;Jurassic Park.&quot; At least in JP, we find out what was going on by the end of the book. &quot;Timeline,&quot; although much is revealed and explained, never explains how or why the mysterious stranger wound up in that particular part of New Mexico.Don't get me wrong; the book is enjoyable as a light entertainment. Crichton's flare for description is underwhelmingly evident in the story, but the pace and plotting keep things going. It reads more like a screenplay; in fact I imagine it's already being shopped around to the film studios. And as for the motives of Doniger, the ingenious villain of the story - well, what can I say. The man is genius enough to invent time travel, but all he can think to do is create a theme park? What's going on with Crichton? First &quot;Westworld,&quot; then &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; and now we're faced with Medieval Land.Go ahead and pick this up; you'll probably enjoy it. But if you want some great time travel reading, pick up &quot;The Doomsday Book&quot; or &quot;To Say Nothing of the Dog&quot; by Connie Willis, or &quot;Lord Kelvin's Machine&quot; by Blaylock, or especially &quot;The Anubis Gates&quot; by Powers.--TR--
This author's writing style and alternating use of terminology is very confusing. Additionally, the book contains an overwhelming number of comparisons to C and C ++ and useless information (for the purpose of learning Java) about how those languages work. While I appreciate the the author is trying to give readers a broad overview of programming languages, all the references to C and C++ made me feel as if they were the main focus of the book and not Java. I'm sure there are far more clear and concise Java books than this one that are better suited to beginners.
The book sucks. It's taking me forever to get through it. Avon is a prissy French hero in high heels, a fan, and a snuff box, and Leonie is a girl pretending to be a boy who falls to her knees at every opportunity and kisses Avon's hand. A weak story, weak characters, and too much French which I do not speak. How could I have ever wasted space in my Kindle on THIS!?!?!?
I can assure you that John Reed looked nothing like Warren Beatty but he could write.  Being inside the Soviet Union (well, Russia) and seeing the events unfold right in front of you gives you a unique view.  I enjoyed this book the first time I read it nearly 50 years ago and it was enjoyable reading it again.  Very detailed.........let me restate that very detailed.  You feel as if you are in the room with the revolutionaries plotting alongside of them.  Good read for fans of political science.  Highly recommend.  Just becasue it only has two stars does not mean, at least to me, that it is a poor book.  I just don't rate one star or 5 stars.  And the best part was I didn't have to pay for the book this time, always a huge plus for me!  Prost!
I have read the short version and the long version (which includes a middle chapter about an old Indian man). Neither version is one I would give a child, unless I wanted to put them off horses for life.The boy on a small ranch is given a pony which contracts a disease called strangles and dies.The old Indian steals an old horse that's worth nothing and rides off on it.The boy is promised a foal from a mare but when the mare's foaling goes wrong a ranch hand bashes her head in and cuts her open to rip out the foal.Still think it's suitable for young people? It's not.
The first J.Picoult book I ever read was "19 minutes" (a Columbine-like story) and I found it awesome, gripping.I've read several others by her since then, but I found them all appalling, over-dramatic and not the least bit endearing.The "catchy" summaries you can find on the back covers which read "what would you do if..." make me think the author has found a formula for writing best-sellers and is doing it over and over again ad nauseam.I really wanted to give this one a chance because I liked the reviews, but I didn't enjoy it: once again a sob story with a twist (usually legal or medical). I'm giving up on Picoult.
I have no doubt that the author can &#34;Click&#34; with other people, else how else was he able to get this piece of rubbish published? I only wish that he was a touch less &#34;Clicky&#34;, so that this book was made to stand entirely on its own merits before being published.
I have often heard of Zane Grey, the "Father of the modern Western novel."  And I have heard of this book.  I finally got around to read it, to my dismay.  Surprisingly, at least to me, it appears to be mostly a treatise against the Mormon religion and it's treatment of women.  Secondly, it is a travelogue with ongoing, over-the-top, boring descriptions of the countryside.  I challenge anyone to draw a sketch or a map from the word pictures of the area that Grey concocts.  In a way, I am glad I stuck with the book - although I was very tempted to quit at several junctures - because the last 30 pages or so have the thrill of adventure I would expect from a Western.  With so many other authors to explore, it will probably be a long time, if ever, before I return to Zane Grey.
This is the first Alice Munroe book I have read.  It came so highly recommended that, perhaps, I looked forward to it too much.  The characters are so central to the stories that if you don't find them real, there is little else of interest.  I felt detatched from most of them and so, was just reading about people I didn't care about.  There is also some sort of cold feminism running through them- smart women are misfits and men are minamally drawn. I hope my next Munroe book strikes a better chord.
The author strings together a well researched cache of interesting anecdotes which do a great job a grabbing your attention and illustrating the point. However, he never goes into any of the bio-chemistry of how it all works. So, I guess its more of a sociology oriented book. But it never realy goes anywhere.Factoids like "men with high testoterone are more aggressive, and more likely to beat their wives etc. etc." didn't give me much to chew on. I did enjoy the statistic that shows that high level corporate types who have successfully clawed their way to the top are not necessarily high in testosterone, though they might think they are... (they actually "relationship" their way up -- which should be good news for women execs). I thought about the execs I know and laughed.Ah well.
I'm still trying to decide if my problem with this book is because the author did such a poor job of developing the plot line and the characters, or whether it is because the translator did a poor job of translating nuances from swedish to english.  Still, the book was an endless repetition of &#34;I think we may be on to something&#34;, then &#34;I'm depressed because we are getting nowhere&#34; - over and over right up to the end.  One reviewer mentioned the possibility that Mankell was trying to show the endless footwork involved in solving a murder - that may be, but I'd rather not be bored by the tedious and endless details that lead nowhere.Part of the annoyance I felt reading this was because we were introduced to the killer quickly, then spent the rest of the story with descriptions of grouchy police officers, odd descriptions of how unpleasant Swedish culture was becoming, angst over buying or not buying a house and a dog, and trips around Sweden to talk to people who might have known something about the victims, or maybe not.  Perhaps that is a somewhat realistic portrayal of police work, but I'd rather not waste my time reading boring descriptions of boring work.Interestingly the end was as rambling and tedious as the rest of the story.  While the story does bring about the solution of the murders, and reveals the murderer (and a sort of motive), the end actually comes with the main character picking out a house he might buy - or might not; a dog he might buy - or might not; and a girlfriend who might become a permanent part of his life - or might not.  I'm not kidding.  That is the end, and frankly, a description of most of the narrative in the book.When it comes to whether I'd buy another of Menkell's books - there is no &#34;might&#34; involved.  I would not.
As other reviewers have noted, this series has run its course and has become hackneyed, predictable, and boring. I have one suggestion to James Patterson:  Retire.
This book reeks (pun intended) of warped teenage sentimentality and middle-aged male perversion. It might appeal to a teen as provocatively profound and disturbing. (Hmm a Nirvana song is based on it.) It might appeal to those whose fetishes tend toward violence. For the rest of us, the story tries so hard to be bizzare in an artistic sort of way that it ends up being monotonous. Parts of the book really drag. The end is more comical than harrowing. The end is just too fantastical. The characters are like deaf mutes on sedatives. There is no reason to believe in, care for or justify the main character.You'd get red in the cheeks if you had to tell your Mother about this book you just read. She'd know immediately that the emperor has no clothes.The author tried to make literature but he ended up with a cartoon, granted a cartoon set in an interesting time and place (hence the 2 stars), but a color cartoon nonetheless.
I'm probably the only person in the world who utterly hated this book.  The main female character made me so angry with her incredibly spoiled tantrums that I wanted to throw the book across the room.  I couldn't figure out why Mr. Time Traveler wouldn't pick another woman who wasn't as annoying.  Plus, I adore science fiction and interesting stories that challenge the reader, but this one was just trite and pointless.  It is a simple "romance" type book disguised as something more sophisticated.  I just don't understand why this book has become so popular - people must be just hungry for something different.  However, there are hundreds of excellent and thought provoking books out there that are labelled science fiction - check out the Hugo and Nebula lists!
Ernest Hemingway was a good writer, but not everything he wrote is necessarily good (that's called being human, I presume).Maybe being an established writer gives one the privilege of having any rambling published (and shame on those who dare say it ain't a masterpiece).This book does have an audience, though, maybe those interested in his lifestyle in Paris. Still, his style here is strangely anti-Hemingway-esque: too wordy.
Having just reread The Thorn Birds again recently, I decided to check out one of her more recent works and picked up The Touch.  The summary on the book jacket sounded interesting but I wasn't far into the book when it was clear that this was no Thorn Birds or Morgan's Run.I found myself actually shocked in places that the writing could be so bad from this talented author.  In one scene, she has Ruby greeting Alexander "cooly yet warmly"...WHAT? She also conveniently puts Alexander in a bar with a couple of California miners who are unrealistically well-versed in geology - knowing all of the different kinds of rock and the geological time period in which it is from, they sounded more like geological graduate students than miners.  And then after of course smelling gold and striking it rich, he sells his share to the other miners and leaves for the uncertain fate that awaits him in New South Wales.  Who would abandon a gold mine that is far from being tapped out for a gamble in a place he has never seen?  Well, Alex Kinross if this is to be believed.Alexander's whole backstory was one big long "tell" with no "show" -he went here and did this, he went there and saw that, he felt this way, learned these things, etc.  This left me as a reader seriously uninterested as it felt like someone recounting where they went on vacation.  Huge yawn factor.  And the fact that everywhere he went, he seemed to find some priceless piece of art that he sent back to England only to find that what he bought for a pittance was actually some rare and valuable item - like a Ming vase - get real!  And don't even get me started on the whole thing about him being able to literally smell gold underground, oh, and his unaccounted-for knowledge of literally EVERYTHING from gold mining to civil engineering to sanitation facilities to railroad contruction...the list goes on.And with Ruby, it was even worse.  She looks at herself in the mirror, tells herself to think about her past, and then proceeds to ponder, in first person, her rape at age 11 by her brother, running away right after "her flower was plucked" and being a mistress for an old man, and all of the other things that happened to bring her to the place in life where she was as she looked in that mirror.  Totally unbelievable!  I mean, can anyone ever honestly see themselves looking in the mirror and saying that and then thinking "I was raped by my brother.....had my flower plucked....then I became mistress to old man.....since my flower was already plucked....then I inherited money from the old man....and the hackneyed plot device goes on.  Then we are hauled just as abruptly back into the current time as we were hauled out of it into her past.After enduring cardboard characters, silly plot lines and plot "devices", and lengthly authorial lectures on mining, gold, engineering, and the like, I finally threw in the towel about 1/2 way through and gave up.  If you want to read a compelling story of a man who came from nothing and struck it rich by mining, read Sidney Sheldon's Master of the Game.  It's not the Great American Novel, but I found it to be much better written and more compelling than The Touch.
I used Rosen's book for a Discrete Math course given at the sophomore level.  If I had to sum this book up in  few words, I would say, Short on explanations and examples, but long on exercises.  I almost gave this book 3 stars because of the abundance of problems, but with the poor exposition and simple examples, I just couldn't in good conscience.  My advice is to find another book from which to learn, but check out the problems to enhance your knowledge.
I have read quite a number of Heyer's books, I love them all but not this one. The heroine is 19 yrs old (or is it 20 ?) but behaves and talks like a 12 yr old child. The hero is over 40, man of the world, wealthy and of course a notorious rake. I don't believe a man like that could ever fall in love with a very silly, annoyingly childish, mentally immature girl and.. marry her! The whole story is ridiculous. No I don't like it. Sorry.
El voluminoso libro consiste en un compendio de diferentes art&iacute;culos que cubren m&uacute;ltiples aspectos del campo de la Ingenier&iacute;a Industrial, todos ellos descritos por autoridades en la materia (principalemente profesores de Universidad).Justamente es el enfoque lo que hace ser un texto casi de introducci&oacute;n para cada uno de los temas tratados. La amplitud de los temas, son de tal calibre que o bien la descripci&oacute;n queda corta o bien el autor quiere incluir el m&aacute;ximo de detalle que llega a ser intratable como introducci&oacute;n.Cada uno de los cap&iacute;tulos, son de por s&iacute; temas que merecen una descripci&oacute;n m&aacute;s detallada en libros por separado.Para mi gusto, el mismo objetivo se cubre ampliamente en los libros del profesor Roger G. Schroeder (Operations Management), con una did&aacute;ctica much&iacute;simo m&aacute;s clara y con ejemplos m&aacute;s actualizados.Carlos Ortega2006-01-30
A contemporary of Akhmatova, Blok and Rilke, Tsvetaeva is not well known outside her native Russia. She was apparently demanding, difficult, and hard to get along with.  One certainly gets a sense of this from her writing.  Her poetry, given the time she wrote (the collection here spans from 1916 - 1936) is dark and melancholy, as one would expect.  From this translation alone, I would consider her a second-rate poet, far behind Akhmatova.  To do so, however, would be to do Tsvetaeva (and her legion of fans) a great disservice.  Simply put, this translation is clunky.  The images, meter, even the enjambment of the poems simply doesn't resonate.  My Russian is admittedly weak; even so,  comparing the original with the translations here presented a striking difference in substance.To be fair to the translator Feinstein, translation is extremely difficult, especially so with poetry.  Yet it *can* be done well, capturing the flavor, emotion and (in exceptional cases) the sense of word-play that is so critical to this art form.  I was disappointed, then, that in this instance, Tsvetaeva's voice was not captured as well as it deserves to be.  I have not given up on this poet - but I cannot recommend this particular edition.
I love novels about English people moving to the country and trying to make a go of it, so the premise of this book was right up my alley. However, Jennie, the central character, was such a drip I wanted to smack her! She took so much verbal and emotional abuse from both her lying, cheating ex-husband and her smartmouthed, bratty, manipulative children that I just lost patience with her.Her kids constantly backtalked her and threatened to move in with their father if she didn't give in to their every wish, and rather than call their bluffs or punish them for it, she not only gave in to them every single time, she also rationalized how SHE was at fault for "forcing" them to act that way! She even dumped the lovely farmer next door because her oldest, Adam, informed her that (while apparently it was perfectly fine for his dad to leave them for his 24 year-old girlfriend) he would not "permit" her to have a love life!Jennie put up with way more snottiness from her ex -- who left her for his third mistress -- than any self-respecting woman should. He constantly put her down, blamed her for everything, and used every opportunity to plot against her with the bratty kids. He was selfish, deluded, and self-important, and she never told him off.Honestly, Jennie's ridiculous personality ruined this book for me. She never stood up to her kids or told her ex to get lost, and her interactions with other characters in the book were either wild overreactions or more wishy-washiness. She was a mess, and she didn't improve or learn anything as the book went on.A minor complaint -- Jennie is supposedly an amazing baker and bakes all kinds of goodies throughout the book, yet no recipes were included, like they often are with Trisha Ashley books. That would have been a nice thought.My advice? Unless you like reading about limp moms, snotty kids, and egotistical ex-husbands, give this book a miss.
I bought The Rule of Four because it was introduced as a "profoundly erudite" historical thriller on the style of the Name of The Rose.Well, personally I did not like the book.And not because it lacks of "erudition", or because poorly written.Unlike the awful "DaVinci Code", this novel is extremely well written, with a smooth style and a blend of delicate nuances that, yes, could remember of Fitzgerald and serious literature.The problem is that the plot is an ill managed attempt to combine two different stories: it results in a halting pace, sometimes very slow and descriptive, sometimes quicker but still uneven.The first story regards the graduation year of three extremely gifted friends: the reader is introduced to college life, its rituals, attitudes and expectations. This story is intertwined with a parallel tale of the father of one of these and his two mates when they did graduated: in time they did become a college professor, an art historian and a wealthy art manager. This second story may sound as an indictment to the academic world: specially the envy, jealousy and hatred that sometimes characterize college professors. This part is well written, consistent, a bit slow in pace as well as predictable in the outcome and in the use of commonplaces.The second story - from which the book takes its title - tells the discovery of a secret code inside a rather marginal  and highly eccentric XVI century Latin treatise.This code hides a message describing the attempt by a Roman nobleman to save some of the most invaluable heritage of the Italian Renaissance from the vanity bonfires of Savonarola. It is a legacy both ideal and factual and it ideally builds a bridge between that extraordinary period and our modern society.This second part is the "real" novel and result far more interesting, nonetheless it is so tiny that results in a marginal part of the book... Actually the idea is excellent and it could have produced by itself a first rate historical thriller, but I have the impression that the authors only sketched the relevant aspects, leaving a bitter impression of superficiality.As for most - but not all - history thriller, you cannot ask for a total consistency, but in this case it finishes to be just a pleasant colorful tale with not so many scruples for historical precision and verisimilitude.I found particularly annoying the fact that often the blend of the two stories is too visible: when in the proper "thriller" story the first murders happen, the investigation is omitted from the story - possibly not to compromise the final surprise - with great disappointment to my curiosity.  A murder by definition IS always a relevant part of thriller/police story and an average reader expects the story follow this path and not the smooth description of college life.Marginally I found inaccuracies, some of them particularly annoying :At page 45: The Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, which in Latin mean... Not Latin but mostly Greek (Hypnos = Sleep / Eros = Love / machia = from the Greek verb to wrestle)At page 346: "In a single German monastery he finds philosophical treatises of Parmenides, Empedocles and Democritus ..." Totally unlikely! Most part of the surviving ancient Greek texts come from Constantinople (thanks specially to cardinal Bessarione). None - that I know - has ever been found in a German MonasteryAt page 441: Notticelli's oil painting canvas ... Botticelli painted on wood like anyone who has been at the Uffizi palace can easily see. Oil painting on canvas has been introduced later. (Besides, is it likely that an original - formerly unknown - painting by Botticelli can be sent by normal mail ? Very unlikely).As I told, this novel is far better than the (extremely dull) "DaVinci Code", but still it is still far away from masterworks as "The Name of The Rose" by Umberto Eco, "My Name is Red" by Ohran Pamuk or "An Instance of the Fingerpost " by Iain Pears.I do appreciate feedback.You are truly welcome if  you can suggest other readings or just share ideas and comments!Thanks for reading.
The cow who dried up was an udder disaster....like this gibberish novel. Even JJ's best friends and critics called it drivel (his brother included).  I guess after writing Ulysses, JJ felt somehow had to create something more mystic.  Well, he certainly succeeded.  I have a standing $1,000 bet with anyone and the challenge is that I will open 3 random pages of FW and have the reader explain, in detail, who the parties are, what the sentences are about and mean.  I am quite confident than there is no one out there who can do that.  Period.  So much for a memorable reading experience.
This was an eye-rolling, can't-believe-I-wasted-my-time-on-it story. It was supposed to be a geek gets his female best friend (whom he's secretly in love with) to help transform him in to a man women desire story. They succeed...he's a "hot", sought-after, sex-machine "Bad Boy"... then the best friend realizes she's fallen for him.The problems started with the fact that the characters were so darn unlikable. Toss in that the ultra-shallow best friend's definition of  a "Bad Boy" was turning him in to a total jerk, the kind she liked to date, but few real women would find sexy. Then add that the story drug on and on over mundane details, bounced ALL over the place, resolved nothing, and ended boring and abruptly. It's a shame as this could have been a fresh, fun tale.
Glenny has taken on a herculean task that only a kinder hearted approach would have worked. About every tenth word, Glenny shows off his knowledge of all the multiple languages spoken there. He gives the English word for them only once after their first usage!  Better be prepared to enter these words in your palm pilot for when you need them again later in the book. I guarantee, you'll never need them anywhere else!  Another major weakness, Glenny starts his history in 1815 after Waterloo and the Congress of Vienna divided the region. Unfortunately, one needs to know more about where and how the indigenous peoples came to be where they where and why they hated each other so much since the Roman Empire dissolved. You need to buy another book for that! Good luck!  docv
It was a good book about how smart someone with autism could be.I however think it wasn't good to be called a Childrens book. The f-word was used again and again. There were blashphemys and graphic depictions of being in the bathroom.I don't recommend it.
It didnt specify  that you had to have the other book with it, in order to be able to learn anything. I have now order several books and none of them have been able to help me with algebra.Also there was suppose to be a cd rom in it, and there wasn't.
When a book is described as being a guide to make something easy or understandable and then turns out to be a sales pitch it uncovers a basic truth, you can't trust the author.There is a web site (OANDA) that will allow you to open a practice FX trading account for free that will stay open indefinitely, the site has plenty of information on how FX trading works, how margins work and how the various indicators for technical trading work (on the trading platform you can use many different types of analysis for free).  There is also a board to post questions, etc., with other traders or those interested in trading, in other words, you can learn most of the information presented here for free from more unbiased sources.I bring all this up because there is no reason to buy this book unless you want a sales pitch, which in general, I have no problem with IF it's being given by someone that lets me know upfront that that is what I'm getting AND they are buying me lunch.  When I have to PAY to get sold, I'm twice the loser.Not all information is this book is bad, however, if you want a book that explains technical analysis, go buy one, why buy a book on making FX "easy" filled with chapters with basic explanations of candle stick charts (and tons of filler charts) and the like?  No reason I can think of, my only guess is that the author figured that anyone that read this that wasn't informed or well read on the topic would be impressed, go to his web site and buy his product.  In other words, what is disguised as a "how-to" guide is really a "how-to-make-the-author-money"  guide.  You'd think if the guy's ability in the market was so good he wouldn't need to resort to this low level (bottom feeding) type selling.One of the reasons presented to buy this book (on the inside flap and in the beginning chapters)  is to learn how to diversify your portfolio, which of course is generally seen as a good thing, so an appeal to the average investor is made.  The problem with this is simply that the average investor probably isn't paying nearly enough attention to their current assets and then they are asked to buy into this FX system, which, at a minimum would require many hours of work and research.  The dilemma is obvious, unless one is planning on becoming a day trader, you can't work a normal job and spent hours in study in all the various markets, there isn't enough time.  Ironically, after telling investors to be diversified, the author explains that to really be able to trade FX you should really only work in a couple pairs or so, because, after all, there is simply too much information to follow multiple markets.So there it is in a nutshell, the author wants you to be diversified BUT he tries to sell you his system to become an expert in a very narrow and specialized field.  Good luck.
This book was a real letdown. It is a long, long diatribe on the Gaskell biography - if I saw the name Gaskell one more time, I was going to throw the book out the window. Where was Anne ? Why so much retread on the same theme, Gaskell, Gaskell, Gaskell ? I was prepared to really enjoy this, but found only a few good theories and themes, how we as the public have given the Bronte sisters, through the years, personalities that we want them to have. Ok, interesting premise of cultural obsession. The book did not quite explain that as well as I would have liked. If you want to see the word Gaskell in print about 200 pages, this is the book for you.
Bearing this book an appealing cover with so many great recommendations from prestigious authors I expected much more for my moneyHunter made the effort but could not conceive a story good enough to reflect the compelling recommendations he has achieved to promote his work.Throughout the chapters I could not find smart twist and turns, bogus elements and other subterfuges that can wake up a sleepy reader. To make it worse, I also found a poor employment of language and the ending did not score to make out for the flabby plot.
I do not see the appeal of this book. To give you a quick breakdown, the plot is essentially this: an extended family of loggers lives an ordinary life in small-town Oregon.  That's IT.  The characters are ordinary people, and their lives are uneventful.  This book is an attempt to describe a simple way of life, and infuse some significance into it through vivid description and characterization.  A true literature afficionado knows that it is possible to do lot with very basic building blocks such as characterization; unfortunately this book does not succeed as well as one might hope.  This book relies heavily on basic descriptive elements because the plot is so sparse.  It tries to come across as an abtract, post-modern novel, which is a very tricky thing to do and still succeed.  Ken Kesey is trying to throw together a bunch of unexeptional, boring characters doing nothing more than going about their uneventful lives, expecting the book to be taken seriously as a &quot;minimalist&quot; or &quot;post modern&quot; work.  Do not try to read too far into this book; there is very little underlying philosophical significance to it.  This is a clear case of a minimalist book being mistaken for something with substance. As an alternative, I would suggest Kesey's _One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest_, which is by far his greatest work and is much more enjoyable than _Sometimes a Great Notion_.
And here's why.  Discrete math is actually math proofs.  Plain and simple.  I recently dropped a discrete math class (for the second time) that used this book.  The professor was fed up with it also!  I don't pretend to fathom all there is in the book, though the section on the chinese remainder theorm is good.  It has its points.  But then maybe the subject matter just isn't gathered together cohesively enough to make a class of it.  Check your local colleges.  Do they offer discrete math?  My opinion is that this stuff is better scattered over several different classes on algorithms, math proofs and digital logic.
"A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where fifty-one percent of the people may take away the rights of the other forty-nine." - President Thomas Jefferson. The truth in this statement is realized every four years when we know who won the presidential race. The victory of Obama clearly proves that in the absence of a strong and effective opposition almost anyone can win the presidential elections. He was elected not because he was the best but because the opposition was awfully weak. No one can win with Sarah Palin as the running mate. The so called conservative base of the Republican Party does not like an unmarried girl having sex let alone having a baby, and McCain - Palin ticket was seeking the support of these people. This ought to be a joke and it certainly did not require high priced marketing experts to pen down the Obama winning strategy. The Bush legacy did not help McCain and the war in Iraq and Afghanistan took a toll on the republican candidate, and divisive social issues during global recession and high unemployment did considerable damage. It is no secret that we learn after every election the president goes on back on his campaign promises about foreign and fiscal policies. They are generally not truthful about tax issues. Bush's errors about the war in Iraq, the death toll, and irresponsible fiscal policies helped Obama significantly. President Jefferson's words fits extremely well for the Republicans where 51% of social conservatives take away the rights of 49% fiscal conservatives by mob rule. So all Obama had to do was play his cool and run with the flow: This is precisely what he did.This book is described in four chapters and there is nothing new from what you already know from Sunday talk shows and newspaper editorials and the broadcasts from major networks. To be fair to President Obama few things played well for him. Initially being black was negative but later on in the campaign it became positive. He played cool and learnt how to deal with media as the campaign progressed. He Used technology; blogs, discussion boards, texting, email campaigns, and cell phones networks. By encouraging new voter registration, seeking; donors for his campaign, community activists, volunteers, and disheartened independents and moderate Republicans, he mobilized towns and cities that turned out to be the biggest campaigns of 21 century. Obama is here to stay for four years. Massive bailouts, trade protectionism, and increased government regulations of private business and major corporations are certainly harmful to capitalist America. This is a useful book for both marketing and political science class discussions.1.A Long Time Coming2.Why Obama Won: The Making of a President 20083.How Barack Obama Won: A State-by-State Guide to the Historic 2008 Presidential Election (Vintage)4.The 2008 Presidential Campaign Workbook (MyPolitics Series)5.Best American Political Writing 2008
The 2nd Edition of this book still has typos. I compared mine with the new version and found they have fixed some, but many are still there.Here is a list of mistakes I found from the 1st edition. There may be more, but making these edits should allow you to do the problems and have only one correct answer. I compared my list against the 2nd edition and used the 2nd edition correction where they made one.ERRATA for 1st Edition:Page 8: Second "2. Switch the signs of the variables" should read B->Not APage 8: Second Contrapositive should read "B->Not A"Page 10: 3 (D) Light 7 is on.Page 16: 1 (C) Dana, Ben, Evan, ChrisPage 16: 1 (D) Chris, Frank, DanaPage 16: 6 (A) Evan is in the aquariumPage 18: 2 (D) Evan and Anna are chosen.Page 25: 6 (A) Anna and Hillary cannot be sent, as shown by diagram APage 31: In the diagram, D should be greater than C and G should be greater than H.Page 37: 1 (B) Garry, Chris, Anna, Evan ,Iris, Hillary, Dana, Frank, BenPage 38: 5 (C) Chris and Frank are the only two people...Page 52: 4 (A) Garry rows first and Chris rows fifth.Page 62: 6 (B) This constraint...Page 71: The number of Ben's table is two greater than the number of Dana's.Page 72: 3 (E) None of these scenarios is possible.Page 80: Question 4 answer is (E). References to (F) and (G) should be ignored.Page 81: 2 (B) This occurs in scenario 2.Page 86: 3 (E) This constraint...Page 88: 4 (E) This temporary...Page 91: 4 (E) Ben goes in a group with Dana.Page 92: 4 (E) The only thing that you can determine from this configuration is that Chris must go in group 2. Ben is able to go in a group with Dana.Page 96: 6 (A) Evan serves as a copilot on the flight to Rome.Page 97: 4 (C) Dana cannot...Page 98: 1 (B) Ben cannot...Page 99: 4 (C) This constraint...Page 105: 5 (E) 7Page 106: 5 (C) Store 4 cannot...Page 115: 2 (E) This can occur...Page 115: 4 (D) Hillary and Iris...Page 117: 2 (E) Each answer choice...Page 121: 4 (A) OrangePage 129: 5 (C) third, fourth, fifthPage 133: 4 (B) "Sbiper" could not...Page 133: 5 (C): "Radium" could occupy the third, fourth or fifth place in the sentence. Fourth: radio->radip->radipm->radium. "Radium" could not occupy the sixth place since all words cannot start with the same letter "R".Page 134: 2 (B) The smallest...Page 142: 3 (C) The north hanger is a singlePage 146: 4 (B) Monday, Thursday, FridayPage 154: 1 (C) This order is possible in the second scenario above.Page 155: The Initial Setup diagram should read 1. D B A/C G E F C/A and 3. A/C B C/A D/G E F G/DPage 158: 4 (B) Chris must meet with Tara the same day as Anna on one day, but on another day he could meet with her the same day as Ben and not consecutively. Anna and Chris could meet with Tara on Wednesday if Ben meets with her on Monday, Thursday and Friday. Chris could meet with Tara on Monday or Thursday since Ben meets with her on - but not the day before - those days.Page 162: Second row of second diagram should read H/J F J/H I GPage 170: 9. If D goes in slot 5, then which of the following could be true?Page 170: 9 (E) G goes in a higher -numbered slot than D.Page 171: 17. If Bike U is paired with rider D, then which of the following must be false?Page 171: 17 (A) Rider B is in room 4Page 171: 19. If Rider D is not paired with bike U, then each of the following could be false exceptPage 172: 20 (D) H and DPage 173: 3. DPage 173:  5. APage 173: 9. APage 173: 17. APage 173: 19. BPage 174: 5. Correct Answer (A)Page 174: 9. Correct Answer (A)Page 174: 13. Correct Answer (D). This occurs in scenario 3.b. We can see that E must be fourth, not fifth.Page 175: 17. Correct Answer (A). If Bike U is paired with Rider D, then U cannot go in room 3. Putting it there would force D into room 1, which would separate it from U. Thus, there are two possible ways to place D and U together.D A B C  B/C A C/B DU T R/S S/R  R/S T S/R UPage 175: 19. Correct Answer (B). If Rider D is not paired with Bike U, it must be paired with R since it cannot be paired with T or S. This means C must be paired with S since C cannot go with U. This leaves B to be paired with U.Page 184: 26 (B) B, CPage 187: 26. Correct Answer (B). Neither D nor H could sit in boat two. F cannot be in the same boat with H. If D is in boat two then A also has to be in boat 2. Either B or C would have to be in boat 2. So, A cannot be in boat 2.ORIGINAL REVIEW:There seem to be 2 flavors of LSAT logic games prep books. Those with lots of problems, but are short of tutorial guidance to solve the different types of problems and those that contain maybe a dozen problems, but are very deep in their discussion on how to attack the problems. This book is more of the first variety.The 72 logic games presented in this book are not real LSAT problems but are made up by Curvebreakers. Seeing as how there are many other sources for official questions, I think this is fine. So I viewed the book more as a source of additional practice, and for this purpose, the book is mostly acceptable. Yes, there are some typos and errors early on but I worked through them and completed the book anyway.I went to the curvebreakers website and tried to find an errata sheet, but came up empty-handed.I didn't really find much by way of methodology except for the formal logic and sequencing games. I found those sections to be reasonably helpful, even if I felt they could have gone more in-depth about how to parse english sentences into sufficent-necessary conditions. For example, how to treat words like "unless", "without", etc.This book does provide a methodology for doing games of selection that outperforms the techniques given in other books. These are games where the rules are of the form "If X is selected, Y is not selected", etc. I found this section to give far superior advice to that given in other books.So, if you are looking for a book with lots of games to supplement those official LSAT logic games that you have already burned through, go ahead and get this book. It won't hurt. But if you are just starting and in need of a good tutorial book on how to attack the section as a whole, I would suggest the Powerscore book instead as a starting point.
I hadn't heard of this book before finding it at the library but it looked interesting so I thought I'd give it a try.  The first twenty pages or so kept my interest but I kept waiting for something - anything - to happen.  Finally gave up about sixty pages later.
After all the positive reviews, I was shocked to find that this book was completely lifeless and drab. I kept reading more to make sure it wasn't going to get better and then I just had to finish it because I had gotten so far. A major time waster, don't bother!
To start off, I realize it's just this side of sacrilege to not like this book, but the frustration of hearing Holden blaming everyone else for his predicaments just got to be too much work for me to endure.I started reading this book with great expectations, given the wonderful reviews this book has received since the time it was published, but after the fifth time Holden ranted about how everyone but him was screwed up I started to stop caring.  It's one thing to read about childhood angst, or the pressures and stresses of adolescence, but Holden's attitude at first made me concerned, then sad, and finally, apathetic.There was no growth on the part of Holden, nor was there any inkling on his part that a majority of his problems are of his own making.  Even the pleadings of his &quot;favorite&quot; teacher fell on deaf ears.  I've got news for you Holden, life is hard, and it takes a lot of work.  Maybe Holden will someday grow up and start to see life differently, but within the confines of this book, Holden is just one of those guys you end up shaking your head at while thanking heaven you aren't him.Perhaps I just missed the point...
VERY thinly veiled management gobblety gook for ensuring workers who will take it on the chin for poor business decisions from above. Cleverly blames the victims and tells them to 'buck up and move on' instead of demanding accountability from business owners. Disgusting, demeaning and ridiculous. Required reading for a business course I took at the community college and my book report says exactly what I think of it. I got an A on the report and the entire course. Thank god I just ordered the kindle version.
I don't know how this book got such high ratings. I found it to be nothing more than a list of vocabulary/ expressions, with a paragraph or two in between. It certainly is not practical for a person who is planning a trip to France, as I doubt you would be able to recall such a long list.
My son needed this book for assigned reading at school. The book quality itself is as with any new book, perfect. As for the story line, like I said, it was assigned reading. Jack London has written some classic stories, but I can't say they are considered to be among the books that your child "just can't put down" while reading.. (except for the fact that we won't let them put it down until they are done with the assignment) My son is in 6th grade, but I believe this book is most likely for 8th grade or higher when given as assigned reading for school, since he goes to a gifted school. They typically read books 2 - 3 grade years ahead in his classes.  It will go on the book shelf in our home library among the classics, though not among the most cherished for enjoyment.
This book is about the rise of the House of Rothschild but it is not written for the casual reader of history.  This is written for the scholar whose subject matter is economic history.  As that is not my field of study, I found the book boring in the extreme (it took me two months to wade through it).  However, for the student of Jewish history, it does have some interesting ideas as to the origins of some of the Nazi propaganda.
Colleen McCullough confuses me. I simply cannot fathom how the same author can write a literate, enthralling work such as "The Thornbirds", and a failed Barbara Bradford style "The Touch".Of course, Ms. McCullough has been confusing me for most of her career. Like most readers, I first became aware of her through "The Thornbirds" which became one of my all-time favorite books over 25 years ago. After reading that monumental bestseller, I (like many other readers) looked for other works by McCullough. "Tim" was no "Thornbirds" but at least was literate. The "First Man in Rome" trilogy was well-written, well researched and densely plotted, but (at least for me) a bit hard to follow since so many character's names were so similar.Looking at the list of McCullough's other titles, I realize I stopped reading her until last year's "Morgan's Run". That was a fairly enjoyable book, but certainly showed none of "The Thornbirds" brilliance.Now comes "The Touch", touted on it's cover as another  "Thornbirds", since it is a 2 generation family saga set in Australia. Well, ok, they do have that much in common. McCullough even goes so far as to plagiarise herself in one of the 2nd generation's characters. But, really, that is as far as the resemblance goes."The Touch" follows Scottish emigree Alexander Kinross, his "pig in a poke" bride Elizabeth, and his mistress Ruby Costevan, as well as their various offspring. The characterisation is rather thin; Elizabeth is repeatedly referred to as fey by the other characters, yet as written she never seems to give any indication of otherworldliness, Lee, Ruby's son, is too perfect, and the choices made by the protagonists often seem out-of-character. The plot is more tame romance than saga, & is more than a tad predictable. Greatest of sins in historical novels, the research is scattershot; page 33, which takes place in 1872, has Alexander saying "The cliffs are early Triassic sandstone laid atop Permian coal measures, under which lie the granites, shales & limestones of Devonian & Silurian times. The very tops of some of the mountains to the north are a thin layer of basalt poured out of some massive volcano-the Tertiary icing on the Triassic cake...!" All very impressive, except those names of geologic ages were not in use in 1872.The greatest fault of "The Touch" is it's writing. McCullough seems to have lost the touch (pun intended) exhibited in "The Thornbirds". This book simply isn't engrossing, it isn't particularly intelligent, and it's characters never assume lives of their own in the readers minds. All of which makes me wonder if McCullough has been allowing an assistant or ghost-writer to  do her writing for her in recent years.
I have loved everything Katie Fforde has written but I really had to make an effort to finish this one.  Her character developement in this book was soo basic you could see what was going to happen from page 1.  The Grace character is so down-trodden and put-upon that it is hard to feel sorry for her.  I am really looking forward to Flora's Lot to get me back in her fan club
The idea of teaching something like statistics by using cartoons is very attractive, however it falls far short of what the typical reader is expecting.  The cartoons in "The Cartoon Guide to Statistics" are very well drawn and are humorous and witty.  But, since so much page space must be given to the cartoons, there is insufficient text to explain the concepts.  Very frequently, you will read "It's not hard to see that..." right before a formula with no other help as to how we arrived at this.  For those hoping for a good review of statistics and probability to brush up or learn for the first time, "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Statistics" is far superior.  It fully explains all of the concepts and how various formulas are derived with easy to follow examples.  The content is almost identical and you will end up with a much better grasp of the subject.
So often, in matters of business or pleasure, the message that you're trying to send isn't received in the manner than you intended.  This failure to communicate is often due, not to the poor presentation or lack of knowledge of the host but rather to not addressing the receiver in their &#34;language&#34;. By using this book, one can learn the types of people (ie their &#34;code&#34;) and how to tweak the presentation to that person/
In the first few pages I thought I might like this Oprah recommendation.  The writing seemed to be imaginative and the study of cultural differences had promise.  It was a promise never fulfilled.  The book soon disintegrated into redundancy, with the same descriptive phrases being repeated again and again as though the author couldn't think of any other way to describe a person or scene.  The book is filled with graphic, coarsely written sexual scenes which add nothing to the story and seem to be added for purient purposes.  The characters are unsympathetic and the premise for the plot is unrealistic to the extreme.What could have been an interesting study of cultures in conflict  absolutely missed the target.
After hearing so much about Murakami I was looking forward to getting into this one, as more than a few people point to it as his best.  I'm really hoping it's not.  The best I could call it is insultingly unremarkable.  I can go for a little artistic navel-gazing as much as anybody, but really this book just wastes pages and pages going nowhere.  The language on it's own certainly doesn't justify the bulk either; I've seen a few references comparing Murakami to Pynchon and I know it couldn't have come from this book.  There's a conceit to asking for people's time, this book reads like that guy everyone hates at parties.  Murakami gets into a great big story and then forgets what the hell his point was.600 pages with the protagonist and he just at the end starts to feel like a character.  No one in the book ever really feels like more than a sketch of a few tropes, with an exception or two.  The main plot barely gets resolved, and actually feels forgotten most of the time.  Everyone else's life stories (don't worry, you get everybody's) are interesting but incomplete.  Tons of questions are raised and then completely ignored.  Not that every question has to or SHOULD be answered, but Murakami spends so much time introducing so many different paths that no single one every gets followed through to any sort of narrative fruition.  The ending hits you all at once in the last 20 pages and actually feels like the author just got bored and decided to chop it off.That said, taken episodically there are some nice things generated.  Bits of ideas here and there are interesting.  Bits of descriptions.  There are parts in a nice David Lynch vein that's kind of fun, some really interesting accounts of pre-WW2 Manchuria, some other eclectic pieces that help make the story feel worth your time.  It's the failure to bring these elements together, the way they're hidden under pages and pages of filler, that kills this book.In the end it feels haphazardly put together and not that well thought out.  A good editor could have cut it down to 200 pages and then told Murakami to write the other half he forgot.  I might still give some of his shorts a try, I'm not that put off yet, but be warned: lower your expectations.EDIT: I just discovered that some of the effect I'm describing could be chalked up to an abridging the book went through on its way to English.  Sad if true, but still probably not worth your time in this form.
I've just read The Secret Garden as an adult for the first time, having somehow missed it as a kid. Two things about it are striking: One, that any children who were neglected and (mis)treated as Mary and Colin had been (Mary's having been all but abandoned by her parents, who gave her care up totally to native servants; and once she arrived in England, having virtually no supervision and no schooling) today would almost certainly have been social services cases and may quite possibly have been removed from their homes.The other is that it is clear that the book was written and takes place pre-TV. No child who had been exposed to TV would have been able to amuse herself skipping rope and clearing plots for plants to grow for hours and days at time as Mary does-and she thinks it's great fun! This is really a sad, cynical comment on our age.I enjoyed the book, heavy-handed as it was for adult reading, but unfortunately I wonder if it is as timeless as it is often claimed. I can't quite see the long descriptions of the garden captivating today's wired kids. Even Harry Potter, in whose world there is no TV, is nevertheless exciting enough to engage those who have been exposed to TV.
This book turned me off right away. The American way is BS your way into success. Maybe the opening line should be: it's not what you do, it's how you look. Emplar takes about your walk right off the bat in the intro, which turned me off right off the bat. Furthermore, his style of writing was cumbersome and really not that easy to follow.On the brighter side, the book is laid out very well and includes 100+ rules to follow. Richard includes basic tips that you may be aware of already, but will help direct you and focus on the things that really matter if you want to be successful in America. He gives a lot of narrative of his own ranting which may be helpful to some readers. It would be helpful for schmoozing in the business world ;o)
Larman, Booch and Fowler are the bestat writing well padded books.A computer science professor recentlystated my views in few well chosen words.He said: &quot;I read Grady Booch's first book three timesand asked myself what I had learned. I decided nothing!&quot;I recommend the Wrox book by Muller, scientificand to the point.
OK, so the author's storytelling talent is great, he told a counterintuitive story and Paul Gauguin's works continue to inspire a broad swath of humanity a century later ....  The novel is not that interesting.  The artist is an ass.  He cares for nothing.  Even his commitment to art, beauty and truth is nothing more than an obsession.  The obsession is not well described.  The third party commentator approach becomes boring.  The characterization of four potentially inspiring locations is weak, almost bleached out.  There may have been a time when the artist's courage to provide a countervailing perspective, running against the inertia of the culture, was a heroic act, worthy of praise.  Today it seems pedestrian, self-serving, even formulaic.  I appreciate many of Maugham's other works, but this one fell flat.
This was a pointless, never-ending book. How on earth did it become a Hallmark Movie?? Nothing wothwhile happens!! I know Grisham is a talented writer..but this was a flop.
Interesting and fun because there is more to the tale than you first think there is or is there? My first impression was that Haroun is a pre-Pratchett fairystory but in the tradition of Arabian Nights. It is, of course, an oral fantasy, a work of fiction about fiction itself, Rushdie asking what is the point of a story if it isn't true? The point is, as every child will tell you, that fiction makes you feel better because it's fun and also brightens up our complications.In a way there are similarities between Rushdie and I in that we both use our natal country (his being India, mine being Romania) as a vechicle, as roots for the pudding of our fiction.
I don't get it... I don't get why The Catcher in the Rye is supposed to be this great, amazing, classic. Did it go over my head? Is The Catcher in the Rye really this amazing book that provides insight into teenage alienation? Or is it really just a substandard book? The answer to this question is a matter of opinion. And in my opinion, the first theory is a load of crap.First of all, if Holden was even alienated, it was by his own doing. Everyone was a moron. Everyone and everything was STUPID! Everyone was a phony. Everyone, but Holden himself, of course. Holden was the most real guy that you will ever meet. Or at least he is, according to his delusions. Holden was a hypocrite and the biggest phony in The Catcher in the Rye. He was a pathological liar. Was THIS the point of the book...to show how alienation affects teens so bad that they become flaming hypocrites, and issue-infested liars?Holden Caufield was also bratty and pretentious. His so-called "astute" observations were average and typical (were they supposed to be some inner look into the mind of an unapplied genius? Because I so didn't get that) and more often than not kind of boring. His observations also made me roll my eyes quite a bit. And man, was he repetitive! He mentioned the same sentence twice (and even three times) in the same paragraph.So why did I give The Catcher in the Rye two stars instead of the dreaded one? Well, this book was written in a fairly breezy, easy to read style. That's important to me when I'm reading a classic. Sure, it's all fine and dandy to admire the semi-dry writing of the classic writers, but if it takes me a half hour to read a page, some of the pleasure fades. That was the good thing about this book. It was easy to understand. Too bad that my understanding is that this book is a bit overrated. In fact, I understand why it's heralded as the book of the sociopaths. I'm not saying that everyone who enjoys the book is a sociopath, but I can see why sociopaths love it.
I thought the idea for this novel was original in that I haven't read too many time travel books however after the first 100 pages I just couldn't make myself read another page.
The American small town has something of a mixed reputation in popular culture. On the one hand, it has been celebrated as the repository of all that is best in the American national character. On the other, it has long been a standard literary and Hollywood clich&eacute; that the more idyllic and tranquil a small town appears on the surface, the more likely it is to prove to be a place of rampant corruption, raging hatreds and illicit sexual passions. This clich&eacute; was at its height in the 1940s and 1950s in films such as King's Row and Peyton Place, and is still to be found even today; Mr Keillor's home state of Minnesota was recently the target of some particularly crude and ill-natured satire in the film Drop Dead Gorgeous.Mr Keillor's book is set in the fictional small town of Lake Wobegon, Minnesota. It is not an easy book to categorise. It is certainly not a conventional novel, but rather consists of a spoof history of his fictional town, followed by a lengthy series of anecdotes and personal reminiscences set in and around it, organised either by theme or by the time of year when they take place. The author's intention seems to have been to give a realistic but humorous view of small-town life, avoiding the traps of portraying Lake Wobegon either as an earthly paradise or as a sink of depravity. Unfortunately, although he succeeds in avoiding these traps, he does not succeed in injecting much humour into his account of the town. The book has been described as "gently humorous": in this context, the adverb seems to be simply a euphemism for "not very". The fictional history of the town struck me as being particularly dull reading, lacking in either wit or satirical bite. (I have some sympathy with those readers who gave up reading the book in the first hundred pages or so). The remainder of the book improves somewhat, and there are some genuinely funny passages. (I enjoyed, for example, Mr Keillor's satire at the expense of the narrow, bigoted religious sect in which he grew up). These passages, unfortunately, are far between, and much of the intervening material is just padding. Besides the two stereotypes of small-town life quoted above, there is a third stereotypical view: that small towns are dull, boring places where nothing of any interest ever happens. This is a view that Mr Keillor has, perhaps inadvertently, perpetuated in this book.
I'm delighted that so many readers enjoyed The Disciplined Trader. I, on the other hand, found it tedious and repetitive. Oh, it most definitely includes important and useful insights. But, as a book, it fails me. In my opinion there are about 40 pages worth of useful material here, mostly gleaned from generic Success literature and behavioral psychology. I do not begrudge Douglas the right to adapt and build upon such work, and indeed I've been getting a lot out of it. But I do object to the incredibly slow and repetitive pace, the gratuitive traces of pseudoscience (memories are &#34;energy loops&#34; that take no space) and the sense that 80% of the book is just an introduction.I'm not sure why so many of the other reviews here read as if written by fan boys. Hopefully I'm not offending somebody's cult following.
OK, folks, for the last time, here's the real story.1. On 13 November 1974, a murder occurred in the home known as "High Hopes," located at what was then 112 Ocean Avenue, Amityville, New York. The victims of the crime were the DeFeo family: Ronald Sr., Louise, and four of their five children; Dawn, Allison, Mark and John.2. Ronald "Butch" DeFeo, Jr., eldest son of the DeFeo family, burst into a local bar in town that night around 6:30PM, asking for help.3. Butch DeFeo was later tried for and found guilty of the murders of his family, and was sentenced to the Green Haven Penitentiary. Every attempt DeFeo has made to be granted parole has been rejected, he is serving consecutive life sentences. DeFeo turns 56 years old next week (09/26/07).4. The house was resold following the murders and probate. Among the owners since the murders were a couple named George and Kathy Lutz, who occupied the house in late 1975. The Lutzes later collaborated with an author to write this "true account" of their stay in the house. Mrs. Lutz has since passed away from cancer.5. No other owner of the property has complained of psychic disturbance, hauntings, paranormal activity, or any other issues with the house. The novels which followed this one claim the house is located on a Native American burial ground. No local tribe has substantiated this claim.6. Due to unwanted publicity, the house has been painted and the number changed to avoid onlookers.The murders happened, folks. They're real, they were tragic. There are some odd inconsistencies about them. But that is IT. There is NOTHING to substantiate any possession, haunting, demonology, incest, or anything else suggested in this book. It is a work of fiction, which the Lutz's lawyer later suggested they dreamed up after a night of drinking. If you want a book about a haunting, go find a good telling of the story of the Bell Witch (verified by a President of the United States) or read the "Weird" series, edited by Mark Moran. This is just nonsense. There is no basement door to hell in a quiet Long Island suburb. Sorry to disappoint everyone.:: steps off soapbox:: End of Rant. Thank you.
If you are a male, do not under any circumstances read this book. I was tempted (tricked?) by the time travel premise into thinking this would interest me as an avid science fiction slash historical-piece fan. Instead I was treated to, in order of appearance: sex, sex, time travel without explanation, sex, almost rape, sex, almost time travel, sex, sex, violent rape, sex and sex. The end. Maybe this sort of plot is common place in "romance novels," but it's definitely not for me. The only reason I didn't give this book one star is because it did motivate me to learn more about The Jacobite Rebellion, which was/is an interesting historical subject to me.
Look, I'm all for getting paid by the word - but this takes it to an extreme. In her book "Much Depends on Dinner" I rather enjoyed the long-winded descriptions and found her take on how various things fit together fascinating.  Not so much this one, unfortunately.I started reading a few paragraphs in the introduction to my family on a road trip, and it took about two miles to wade through one.  Admittedly, we were on the freeway... but the writing was nowhere near as clear as the previous book I read.As others have noted, this book is chock full of trivia... which may or may not be accurate.  The research is referenced, to be sure - close to 80 pages of references in the back.What struck me, though, was the chaotic writing style of this book.  It was stream of consciousness taken to an extreme.  Constant digressions were the norm, you'd be talking about table manners of an African tribe in one paragraph (and wanting to read more) and the next you were reading about something completely disconnected, yet she was attempting to show how they were related... usually failing in the attempt.  Whoever edited this, if it WAS edited and this IS the result, must have had one heck of a job getting it as coherent as it is.  (Which is really not saying terribly much...)I can't recommend this book, sorry.  The two stars is because it really IS very diligently (if not carefully) researched.  It is full of interesting material and factoids, but it's so badly presented and poorly organized that it's one of those books you keep in the bathroom.  You can dip into it for a few minutes when you're otherwise preoccupied - and by the time the author changes the subject, you're done until next time.And somehow, I don't think it was her intent to create a specialized book like that...
Crichton's best work, in my opinion, is non-fiction.  His TRAVELS is a great read and provides insight into what makes him tick.  He has great plot ideas, but the writing is too predictable and contrived.  It's like  looking at a photo of a great meal in a magazine and then eating the  paper--not at all satisfying, but the CONCEPT is great.  TIMELINE is, if  anything, worse than RETURN TO JURASSIC PARK, or whatever that bomb was  called.  It reads like a bad TV drama.  I think I will consign Crichton to  the same place I put another author I was intrigued with, until I read  enough of his books to learn there wasn't a whole lot there--Kurt Vonnegut.
I usually stay away from books that offer tips on "achieving greatness" and Touchdown! seems to reaffirm all my beliefs on why I shouldn't read them. Don't get me wrong this book isn't completely terrible (which is why I gave it two stars). It's just misleading and didn't leave me with a sense that I had obtained any knowledge that would help me achieve greatness. It's essentially a contemplation of short stories that show how the author achieved greatness. Unless you're a football coach this book is pretty worthless for giving advice. It's also pretty short which leads me to question how effective it would've been on giving advice anyway.
i felt like everything is way too crammed up in such long chapters. Making shorter chapters would be better .
Holden Caulfield is just a puling spoiled rich brat whinging about a lot of kak.  The biggest 'phony' in the book is Holden Caulfield.  This book's popularity is due to it's protagonist's foul language, which is less pungent than mine was in High School.
While I think some of the concepts that were made in this book were noteworthy...overall, I felt the book fell short.  My attention span about the intended subject matter was redirected by the overuse of a case study regarding the US Armed Services helping an Iraqi family. While I thought the story was moving and a story that should have been told, it overpowered a book about critical thinking - consuming about 40-50% of the book itself.  It almost read as a puff piece for the US Military - not that I'm opposed to that...I'm thankful for our Troops and the freedom they have afforded me to be able to post my opinion here!Would I recommend the book for its intended purpose...no, I can't say I would. However, the authors should consider repackaging this book as historical novel about the humanity that can sometimes be found in difficult world events.
In a scathing review of Raj Kamal Jha's new novel Fireproof, blogger and author Chandrahas begins with a succinct statement of what makes or breaks a piece of fiction:The good-ness or bad-ness of a work of fiction lies, among other things, in the choice of details that the writer chooses to present to us. And the test of those details is their relevance, the way in which each thing noted seems to become an essential part of a larger picture.When a reader picks up a novel, he or she signs an implicit contract with the writer. Irrelevant detail in fiction is a breach of that contract: when description seems gratuitous or self-indulgent, we have a right to complain about why our time is being wasted.The same is true of misleading or insufficient detail as well. For example, in Angela Carter begins her contract with the reader by establishing the inelegant English setting for the painfully detail-laden story of the performing Chance sisters, Nora and Dora, as told by Dora: Welcome to the wrong side of the tracks....we've always lived on the left-hand side...the bastard side of Old Father Thames. (Carter 2) Carter goes on to have Dora tell us:What would have become of us, if grandma hadn't left us this house?...If it wasn't for this house, Nora and I would be on the streets by now...Born in this house, indeed in this very attic...I made my bow five minutes ahead of Nora, who is, at this very moment downstairs getting breakfast.How is it, then, that on page 227, that not only is Carter not going to end the story with who actually bore these women, but the reader is scolded:But who she was or where they both were do not belong to the world of comedy. Perry told us, of course, but I don't propose to tell  you....you might have known what you were about to let yourself in for when you let Dora Chance in her ratty old fur and poster paint, her orange (Persian Melon) toenails sticking out of her snakeskin peep-toes, reeking of liquor, accost you  in the Coach and Horses and let her talk to you.All the vivid detail in the world isn't going to excuse Carter's breaking of her contract; she has made the reader wait 225 pages to find out he's been cheated and misled. The reader in not in the house where Dora was born. Nora is not downstairs cooking breakfast. And the time spent contemplating the mystery of Dora's origins has been a colossal waste of time. All the self-indulgent references to Shakespearean  plays and characters notwithstanding, this is bad faith gimmickry at its worst; references to great story-telling cannot expiate Carter's cardinal sin of authorial duplicity.  Money paying readers don't deserve to be treated so shabbily. It isn't difficult to imagine what Shakespeare's audiences would have done if Hamlet would have ended with the Prince saying, "And then I woke up..I am not a prince of Denmark. I won't tell you who I am, but that's what you get for dabbling in Danish politics."How many readers, despite the hyperbolic blurbs on the back cover that tout Carter's writing as "wonderful" "funny, funny" and her "best book", will pass on Carter's other work because of their dissatisfaction with her specific performance of this contract we'll never know. One thing I do know, I'll not read any of her other works.  Sorry she's dead, but being a fan shouldn't interfere with objective evaluation of this book. it stinks.
Crichton violates the fundamental rule of time travel. His characters take action in the past with no mention of how their actions might change the future. For me, this blaring fault outweighed anything that might have been good about this book.
This is an ABRIDGED VERSION as well as a bad translation! Nowhere in the sales link does it say Abridged.  I'm sending it back!  DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION if you want the real novel.
Amazing how all the high-star raters here don't actually demonstrate things they got in life by reading this book.The book is horribly long-winded.  Supposed case study after case study of how people got what they wanted just by believing and focusing on it.  As another reviewer commented, the entire book could have been condensed into 4 pages.I was recently up for a new job. In two week's time, I drew a pic of myself doing the job.  I put note cards everywhere telling myself I was going to get the job.  I told myself over and over each day I was going to get the job.  I visualized myself getting the job and working the job.  The night before my interview, I did what Angela Lansbury stated (in the book) -- to believe that resources would be available to me, even to my surprise, that would make me succeed.  I made sure to study what I needed to know for the job and to do everything possible on my part to ensure I would do well on the interview.  I believed and believed with all my heart and didn't let even one negative thought slip by.My interview was two days ago.  The person conducting the interview was a total jerk.  It was apparent from the get-go he hated his job and wasn't the least bit interested in what I had to say or what I could bring to the company (I later found out I wasn't the only one he treated this way).  After just a few minutes, he flatly dismissed me. It didn't look good for me, but I continued to believe that job was mine.I got my rejection letter yesterday.So where, exactly, did all the visualizing, note cards, illustrations and positive affirmations get me?  That's right -- NOWHERE.  The extra added "bonus?"  After doing nothing but focusing on "believing" that job was mine for two weeks, I'm now absolutely crestfallen and even a bit depressed.  Instead of merely feeling hopeful that I'd get it, I instead focused on it actually being mine. Now I feel like I truly lost something I was "supposed" to have instead of just brushing it off like I normally would.I now "believe" the book is going in the trash.Save your money. Don't buy this book (if you really want to look at it, there are free copies as .PDFs on several web sites). Believe in yourself and your abilities and know you can only do the best you can. You cannot control outside forces or the actions of others -- no matter how strongly you believe.
A very basic and even naive book about negotiation. The authors describe a basic approach and probably a very american way to negotiation. Very easy reading....but you pay the price for it. The book lacks insighful and meaningful thoughts on the subject.
I just don't get all the great reviews.  The writing was good, but the story was lacking.  The smells were better developed than the characters.  Not only did the main character have no soul, but the book had no soul.
All of the stories in this book could have been true, once in a while, somewhere in China.But what is incredible ... and ultimately not believable ... is that all of these stories are encountered by one single woman, the author.  And in every story, the author - not the mothers - comes out the heroine, the lone person who has the courage, compassion, and determination to try righting a wrong.  In one scene, a child is found on a street corner, a crowd gathers ... but no one does anything.  Until, of course, the author parts the crowd and saves the child.  Yet the story of every child who has been adopted starts with someone finding the child in a public place and rushing them to police stations and child welfare institutes (orphanages).  If the story is a portrait of China, then China seems to have one brave woman who writes well, lots of sad/tragic women, even more cruel, unfeeling husbands and in-laws, and corrupt/cold officials.Somehow I get the feeling that the book is as much about the acts of courage and compassion by the author - as it is about the plight of the mothers.  If the author has intended to achieve shock and awe with misery, she succeeded.  If the author is trying to offer hope, none is given.There are many details that ring untrue for a Chinese person who grew up in/near those places and during that era.  But unless you lived there, it's hard to appreciate.  Perhaps this work is to best be accepted as fiction.My children (both adopted from China) will not read this, not just because the harshness of the story, but because I simply do not believe the stories are true enough, universal enough, and ultimately, hopeful enough.
I agree with "Tom" who wrote the one-star review, in that this book has much more primitive bushcraft info than we really need.  I was expecting a book on surviving a short term wilderness emergency, and this book just didn't include enough of that.  I understand that the subtitle mentioned "long-term comfort," but I did expect the emphasis to be on the short-term skills.I did bump it up to two stars because there is some useful information here, and if you want to run away and live in the wilderness long-term, you could benefit from the primitive how-to stuff.A better title for this book might have been "Wilderness Living Handbook."
This is simply an awful book.  It is not helpful or in any way informative.  Someone wrote that this book should be an article not a Book.  In my humble opinion it should not have been published.  Read anything by Dr. Alexander Elder, Mark Hulbert, William O'Neil, Edwin Lefevre, Nicolas Darvas, Fosbach, Zweig  or anybody that can help the average investor.  There is more than one way to skin a cat but none are presented here.
Bench pressing as illustrated in the book could kill you. Our ancestors evolved hands with opposing thumbs so that they could climb trees like modern monkeys. (Incidentally, we are not descended from monkeys--our last common ancestor was about 3-5 million years ago. But that is another story.) The thumbs have been useful for many things since then. The Welshman who killed King Richard III almost certainly was using his opposing thumbs to hold a pole-axe or halibard when he bashed in Richard's skull.One of the things you should do with your thumbs is hold a barbell with your thumb opposing your fingers. But in this book, all the drawing of bench pressing show a "thumbless" grip. That is, the thumb is wrapped around with the other fingers. This makes it easy for the barbell to slip out of your hands and fall to your chest or, even worse, your neck. The latter can kill you.I have no idea why anyone would use a thumbless grip. Don't do it. Imagine even trying to hold a baseball bat that way. As for the rest of the book, I do not know enough anatomy to really have an opinion.
I read this because I had read, and enjoyed, later ones in the series. I found this too long with too much emphasis on Hole's problems with alcohol. Starting a new detective series in Australia seemed a mistake. If I had come across this first I would not have bothered with any of the others.
I got this book because I thought the premise was very interesting, but I'm having a hard time at page 75 getting to anything that even hints of it. Rushdie's current work is not supposed to be as good as his earlier works, but I would much prefer his memoir to this "story."  I read some of the good reviews and I realize my opinion may be in the minority, however, if you want a book to immerse yourself in over the holidays, this is not it.
Like most investing books, this one tries to point the reader to relationships between published accounting parameters that could suggest superior returns over long term ( 25+, 50+ years).The issue I have with back testing of any formulas over such long duration relates to accounting changes over that duration. The book is mute on how to account for the accounting changes. For example, stock based compensation reporting today is different from 5 years ago. Yet the book shows no adjustments and lumps the earnings shown today w/ those from ten years ago.Also, it is lacking in clear detail about data sources and formulas used for various steps of algorithms.
Jesus, this is a HARD book to read because it is so badly structured, it reads like a 12-year old school work or something, very HARD to read, boring, does not have any rhythm, it just DOES NOT FLOW.Besides, as the other reviewers pointed, this looks a lot like a joke because the authors keep telling "we searched this, we searched that" and they don't really offer any real and substantive evidence on nothing. There is a lot of "some studies claim this"...  "some studies claim that" etc, just BAD.
Nobody does much of anything that's rational in this novel.  And the climax is precipitated by a series of Hardyesque &quot;diaboli ex mahcina,&quot; from the dep sheriff's unnacountable actions in Behrani's house, to the even more unaccountable action of Behrani's son at the crisis.Some scenes are well done, but the plot creaks.
The book is a very quick read which usually translates to very little substance.  This book is no exception to the rule.  The authors, Barry Libert & Rick Faulk, seem to have an agenda to push social networking in the marketing space which their company specializes in.  The world would be better off if they had not published this book -- there would be more trees in the world.There is very little in the book regarding business related topics and leadership.  The elements that are in the book are very simplistic and nothing new.  The description of the Obama campaign makes it sound like Obama did nearly absolutely everything perfect which we know is not possible for an effort over two years long.  So, the authors seem to have rose colored glasses on which gets a bit annoying as you read the book.The book also does not mention that his opponents did not do a good job of using technology, thus making his effort seem that much more impressive.  Obama's campaign did a good job of using the latest technology and using their volunteers well.  The book would have been much more useful to go into greater detail on how the logistics of the campaign were conceived and executed so well.  Also, the book does not try to quantify what types of business would benefit from the social network approach to marketing.I gave the book two stars as the writing was not bad but lacks anything useful or substative.  Do not waste your money on this book!The keypoints from the book are:Chapter 2 (Be cool):* Ignore the sideshows - keep your eye on the center ring.* Fix the problem; forget the blame.* Play hardball when necessary.* Vent outside the tent.* Adjust to the moment.* Lead with humilityChapter 3 (Be Social):* Cultivate the new grassroots, the netroots.* Create a seamless community.* Nurture your lists.* Let your netroots grow into every crevice.* Arm yourself against, and don't take cheap shots.* Turn CRM into CMR.* Make your marketing mobile.Chapter 4 (Be the Change):* Confront reality and put problems in context.* When you're on solid ground, don't back off.* Share your vision of the future.* Forget the squabbles, strengthen the team.* Never forget the power of the personal touch.* Get unfiltered information.* See yourself clearly.Now that you have read them -- now you can forget about this book.
This is another in the genre of 'food' histories that was popular a few years ago (salt, codfish) that purports to take on the subject of shrimp.  The author(s) are experts on certain types of marine life, evidently, who have produced best-selling media in the past.I don't believe this one will sell best.The problem with this book is that it doesn't seem to have a focus.  The author(s)' story trots about the world chatting (for this is the book's style) about various shrimp-related topics that don't amount to very much more than anecdotes which don't create a unified whole because they are mostly semi-information.  For instance, there are lots of shrimp species, most of them too small to be noticed by any but marine biologists; three main types of shrimp comprise the bulk of US shrimping; shrimp have been harvested for a long time, they live in estuaries for a part of their lives, etc.  The problem with this is that although a lot of stuff is mentioned, not much gets discussed in detail.  For instance, shrimp had a certain set of scientific names and then this naming system was controversially over-turned by two chaps who did a bit of research.  The author never goes into the details about why the naming system was changed and why it is controversial.The author also states that the shrimping industry is relatively new (even though shrimp have been eaten for a long time) and vast and he even speaks about helping to establish an industry off the coast of Africa; however, he doesn't go into detail.  Perhaps the machinations of setting up a vast industry in an impoverished country would not be good grist for the book mill but dabbling in the details is equally unedifying.There is a lot of this sort of thing going on where the author begins a story but then leaves it before it develops into something, and then goes on to the next subject.This is the kind of book that one can skim through looking for good bits and pieces but it probably won't get read all the way through.  Even the black & white plates included leave a lot to be desired; most appearing to have been pulled from a 1970's archive.This book put one in mind of at least one book by Farley Mowat, a Canadian who really knows how to regale his reading audience, wherein part way through the book about a salvage tug working in WWII off the coast of Canada, one comes to the realization that Mr. Mowat wrote the story to pay the rent.  One suspects that this book is one of those.  While entirely forgivable in Mr. Mowat's case because he is such a good story-teller, this author's(s) scheme falls flat.  Not recommended.  Great cover though.
I found the language slightly offensive.  I didn't finish the book though I am sure others would be satisfied with the purchase.
How disappointing! I can only conclude that the many, many book critics who gave this glowing reviews either (1) didn't read the book, or (2) felt like they had to say nice things since the author is fellow book critic. (Grossman is Time Magazine's book critic, and has written for the New York Times & Salon ... according to the book bio). I count on book reviews & blurbs to help point me to things worth reading, but in future I will have to remember to take their advice with a grain of salt when they are blurbing each other!Here's what's good about the book: Interesting, apparently authentic scholarship & insight into medieval literature. If that's one of the things you like about Dan Brown or Umberto Eco, you'll find parts of this worthwhile.Here's what's disappointing about the book: thoroughly unengaging & unbelievable characters, poor pacing, sloppy plotting, several entirely unnecessary & silly subplots, almost no conflict to speak of, and an ending that's about as dramatic & suspenseful as an episode of Murder, She Wrote.Basically, the book is about a young professional, Edward, who is asked by the Dutchess of Mowbry (for reasons never satisfactorily explained) to catalog an old library & find for her a book that may or may not exist. The conflict is that the Duke does not want the book found - again, for reasons that are never satisfactorily explained. Because Edward is basically clueless & unmotivated (and yet we are supposed to believe this guy is a hotshot young banker?), he enlists the help of a female academic, Margaret, who treats Edward with deserved scorn, does pretty much all of the work (leading us to wonder why the author bothered with Edward at all) - and then sleeps with Edward anyway, for reasons which are never satisfactorily explained. Do you see a theme emerging? In the end they find the book but the "reveal" is rushed, underwhelming and ... yes ... never satisfactorily explained.  There's also a subplot about a computer game which (unintentionally, I presume) reinforces the book's overarching theme, which appears to be: "The answers you seek are there to find - but by the time you find them, they won't matter and you won't care."I've readThe Name of the Rose (Everyman's Library (Cloth))&A Case of Curiosities (Harvest Book)&The Club Dumasand most of the other books to which the critics refer when heaping praise upon Codex. It disappoints me to report that - in my humble opinion - Codex does not deserve to share a bookshelf with these infinitely superior tales.  I suspect any one of these authors could have shaped this admittedly intriguing and promising raw material into a story much, much better than this.
An old boss of mine gave me this book to borrow for the night. It could easily be read in about one hour. It is the most boring book I have ever read in my life. Maybe if you were reading it to a 10 year, this would be fine. I just dont see the point of using these concepts to explain common sense everyday life that we through. Get a life! and grab another book.
Did not get through this one. I guess I had higher hopes for a book by Oliver Stone, but it dragged on without providing any new insights.
Having taught French and Spanish prior to my retirement, I know what to look for in teaching a foreign language.  This course is probably the poorest quality I have yet to see.Lesson 1 begins by giving you a few basic words in Turkish in rapid succession then goe to chapter six...which is quite advanced...All in lesson 1. No time is given to practice the pronunciation before moving on to the next word or phrase. Don't waste your money.
This book had some insights, but overall, I found myself quite disappointed by it. Dedicated to attacking the viewpoint of the privileged &eacute;lite creators of high-art standards of correctness with very little basis for such attacks, ways of seeing seems to be filled with implicit assumptions that are neither inherently obvious nor easily divined from the context of the text.For example, in the first essay, Ways of Seeing attacks art history, quoting pages  of an art history book on Frans Hals, saying that it demonstrates mystification by focusing on technical aspects such as contrast and texture. Yet Berger does not make clear why the privileged perspective of Hals work that focuses more on the nature of the painting itself than the message it conveys is less correct than some other way of interpreting Hals work. While he claims such methods of interpretation and analysis of art are tools of the privileged ruling class to enforce their privilege, this fact does not make such methods of interpretation and analysis less correct than methods that are not used as tools for enforcing ruling class hegemony.His attacks on the baselessness and vacuousness of art history are especially grating given the glibness of his own analysis of art: in the middle of essay 5, Berger asserts, after handily dismissing mythological paintings as vacuous, that paintings of the poor  &quot;assert two things: that the poor are happy, and that the better off are a source of hope for the world,&quot; based on the evidence that the poor people in painting are smiling.  In the end of essay 5, he says that an early painting by Rembrandt &quot;as a whole remains an advertisement for the sitter's good fortune. (in this case Rembrandt's own.) And like all such advertisements it is heartless.&quot; What more evidence does Berger have in claiming that pictures of the poor are intended to convey the happiness of the poor and the hope supplied by the privileged classes or that Rembrandt intended the painting as an advertisement of his good fortune than Seymour Slive, the author of the Frans Hals work, has in asserting that Hals did not paint his portrait of the governors and governesses of the alms house in a spirit of bitterness? Even assuming that Berger has a superior ability to interpret paintings that makes his statement that Rembrandt's self-portrait was intended as an advertisement of himself more valid than Slive's statement that Hals' portrait wasn't painted in a spirit of bitterness, why is such an advertisement of one's good fortune heartless? John Berger doesn't explain why. If it is because self-advertisement is a tool of the ruling class to maintain dominance, and because such tools to maintain the dominance of the ruling class put function first and artistic merit second, and because art which puts function first and artistic merit second is heartless, then Berger never makes such a connection clear.Similarly, in the same essay, he discusses originals of works of famous art, calling the religiosity that surrounds art of high market value &quot;bogus.&quot; Once again, one wonders whether he even asked himself, &quot;if people attach great value to the originality of a work of art, what makes the value attached to the originality less valid than the value attached to the image conveyed?&quot; Berger apparently believes that art has some form of objective value independent of the spectator of the art, but he fails to explain what that value is.I also found the second essay on nudes is also frustrating in its glibness and dogmatism. For example, starting out, Berger asserts that &quot;a man's presence is dependent on the promise of power which he embodies,&quot; whereas &quot;a woman's presence expresses her own attitude to herself.&quot; It is notable that the previous two quotes do not concern the portrayal of men and women in art, but the actual social presence of real life, flesh-and-blood men and women. While Berger could make the case that men and women's presences were determined by gender by their power and view of self, respectively, to persuade most people -- who, I would guess, would say that anyone's social presence is determined by a variety of factors, including gender, the circumstances of the situation, power, and view of self -- he must address other, more common ways of looking at social presence, which he does not.In my view, the element of the book which I found most interesting and plausible was the last essay, that on publicity. This one, I found fairly clearly written, although I did not always agree with it, relative to the others. The last essay is at least coherent and thought provoking.
Ok here's the deal,out of the above mentioned three books by Grisham which of them qualifies as the worst among the worst?Well the honour's would be shared by both 'The Brethren' and 'The Summons',and 'The Testament' follows a close second.This is Grisham at his worst best.At least Brethren was a fast read though the plot(was there any in the first place!) was silly and stretched to 400 odd pages,in the case of Summons the plot itself is so sleep inducing (worse than Brethren) that you would have serious doubts whether this was written by Grisham who had given us 'The Pelican Brief'&amp;'The Firm'.And to add to the readers woes the plot moves at a snail's pace with the predictable twists and turns and a really stupid ending which anyone would guess by 1/3rd of the book.This book can no way be classified a legal thriller...oh sorry,i take it back it is indeed a legal thriller because the protagonist is a law professor,and it is a thriller because of its sleep inducing capabilities.I have a request to make to all the fans of Grisham please..don't bother to read this one,you would be wasting your time as well as money...well on second thoughts maybe its better off if you read this one because going by the deteriorating standards of Grisham starting from The Testament(1999) to The Brethren(2000) to The Summons(2002) you can guess what would be in store when he comes up with a new book in 2003.
I am working on Chapter 16, there is no title for the chapter and there are no steps to show you how to do the problems. So, I have spent 3 hours on example 1, and still no idea how to do it. I am getting an A in my differentials class (99% on the first test, 92% on the second), but there are no steps at all on any of the problems so I am stuck, and I can't find any help online because there is no title to the chapter and no wording put in Google, so nothing - worst book, many of the chapters are missing steps. I only have a few hours to figure this out before getting to class, so I'll get back to my guessing at the steps.
I finished this book yesterday.  Surprisingly I got through it in 4 days considering how utterly boring and pointless the book was.First of all, there are no interesting characters in the whole book.  The father might have been interesting, but so little time was spent on him and so little information was given about his feelings toward his wife.  The gay pathetic son was indeed pathetic and boring.  How can you be gay and living in NY and have such a boring life?  The music critic, the professor, the brothers and then all of a sudden this pregnant girl had nothing interesting to say.  They were neither likable or unlikable.  The only interesting thing I can say about the characters is that they all had great jobs (almost too perfect):  music critic, chef, veterinarian, bookstore owner, horticulturist, etc.Secondly, nothing happened in the whole book.  No great family secrets were revealed. Well, there was a little bit about the mother's affairs, but the book never delved into it very deeply.  The people who died were expected to die.  The father went to Greece, but nothing happened there.  We were never told why Greece was so special to him.  There were no great romances in the story.  The pathetic gay brother did nothing special.Thirdly, little things would happen in the book that a good writer would expand on and reveal to us some meaning behind people's actions.  For example, in the book the brothers find some medals in a vase that they never used.  They wondered a bit who the medals were from, but then forget about it.  They were probably from the neighbor who probably had an affair with the mother.  The reader knows it, but it is not revealed to the brothers.  So, what was the purpose of finding some stupid medals in the stupidest place of all - a vase that no one ever knew existed.  Pointless.How did this woman get this book published and why are people buying it?  She must have really good relations with her publisher to get her so much publicity for such an awful book.
Modern 20th-century fiction hosts an array of unforgettable characters.  The Stone Diaries cannot be included in the list, unfortunately.  The novel never succeeds in infusing any life into the protagonist, Daily Goodwill Flett, a woman with an unlucky birth and whose final unspoken words are:  "I am not in peace." This novel did not merit the Pulitzer prize for literature in 1995. Sadly, it lacks mojo. I imagine that the judges were either desperate for a winner that year or half-asleep when they cast their votes after a heavy, carbohydrate-laden lunch.Stone imagery is tritely overworked throughout the narrative. Daisy's portrait, in fact, resembles that of a small gray stone of no particular distinction -- the type of stone one might throw into a still pond just to see the ripples, if nothing else.  Is she notable or memorable in any way?  She is about as interesting as a frozen Canadian prairie.  And yet the author, Carol Shields, devoted 269 fruitless pages in an attempt to convince herself that Daisy's life was worth telling, and she leaves no stone unturned. This sad narrative begins with the moment Daisy's grossly obese and ignorant mother, Mercy Stone (hint, hint - heavy) Goodwill, discovers that she is in the midst of childbirth (!) while making a Malvern pudding in a hot Manitoba kitchen.  (The book even needs a long introduction by Penelope Lively --whoever she is -- who feels obliged to inform the reader that there is significance in the references to hot kitchens interspersed throughout the story.  I have yet to find anything symbolic about a hot kitchen other than the old adage: "If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.") And Mercy Stone Goodwill gets out of the kitchen and out of the story mercifully and melodramatically. She dies in childbirth as a result of eclampsia, a serious disorder that results in convulsions and coma; yet, prior to her sudden death, she displays no pathological symptoms other than obesity, a desire to keep a neat house, and a propensity for calorie-laden pastries.  After making a bloody mess of things, she ruins her husband's dinner, the Malvern pudding, and leaves Daisy motherless.For the next 28 pages, the reader must tread through Daisy's uneventful and uninteresting childhood.  The infant is taken under the wings of a benevolent neighbor, Clarentine Flett, who has witnessed the disturbing birth and who shortly afterwards leaves her husband because he refuses to give her money for a tooth extraction (a reason that should have been included in Paul Simon's old song, "Fifty Ways to Leave Your Lover".  Clarentine's farewell note is imaginative: "Good-bye".) Clarentine flees with the child to Winnipeg to live with her boring botanist professor son, Barker Flett, whose only thrill in life is his collection of lady-slippers.  Barker discovers his sap rising in a Nabokovian way once Daisy reaches the tender age of eleven.  Daisy, however, is definitely no Lolita.But hold tight.  More boredom is yet to come.  The reader must also wade through Daisy's unfortunate first marriage to a drunken spouse who falls out of a window on their honeymoon even before the marriage is consummated, leaving Daisy in a pickle.  So she and Barker Flett hitch up in a quasi-incestuous snicker of a way and then have a family of two girls and one boy.  At this point, if the reader is old enough, he or she may recall the 50s sitcoms, "Leave It to Beaver", and "Father Knows Best" in which the fictional TV mothers spent a lot of time in a "hot kitchen" cooking up clever and creative meals, like hamburgers and hotdogs.  Daisy, however, goes for jellied veal (yum!) and wonders why her husband and children do not ask for seconds.  Maybe it's because Barker is still obsessed with his lady-slippers? (Penelope, how symbolic is that?) Is it because the oldest anglophile daughter, Alice, is busy thinking up British-sharp insults to hurl (like stones?) at every Canadian member of the family?  And the son -- maybe he's intent on picking at his pimples and has lost his appetite because the jellied veal reminds him that he may undesirable, too?This leads the reader into nine long, long years of painfully detailed botanical descriptions of flowers and gardens when Daisy takes on a local newspaper columnist role as "Mrs. Green Thumb".  And at this point, we, the readers, know that Daisy has at last found her forte, her voice, her function.  Perhaps it's because her boring husband, Barker, has bitten the dust, which affords Daisy an opportunity to get her mojo on with lyrical floral descriptions.  She wins the admiration and respect of her readers, but OMG, are we ever in for it when a scoundrel at the newspaper takes over her job, leaving her helplessly unemployed.  Daisy sinks into the darkest and deepest of menopausal depressions, becoming comatose, unresponsive to stimuli, and desperately in need of electro-shock therapy, which was, after all, popular in her day.  In fact, electro-shock therapy may have been a more creative story line for Carol Shields to have followed than the one she selected. I can easily envision Daisy in the role of Olivia DeHavilland in the 40s flick, "Snakepit", in which she is shocked out of her depression, sings a moving "Going Home" song (to the tune of Dvorjak's New World Symphony), and reinvents herself as a much-needed new character in a different plot and different novel.Nevertheless, we must follow Daisy tirelessly in her dotage and decline.  She sells the house in Winnipeg (who wouldn't?) and moves to sunny Florida.  In this light-drenched backdrop, she gets her groove on with plastic purses, bridge games, and predictable bluish perms. She even does a mean thing (Imagine that, Daisy being mean) on a fake plant in the foyer of her condo building.  Then -- yes before you know it, Daisy is an invalid.  Her physical infirmities are played upon for another good 20 - 30 pages.  Finally, thank God, Daisy passes on. Shields, never one to give up a character quickly, tosses like a frisbee random tidbits and trinkets that have comprised Daisy's insignificant, unloving, stone cold life, including recipes and insipid conversational exchanges among family members.  These conversations reveal underlying relief that the uncomplaining millstone around their necks is finally gone (sigh). One of her daughter remarks:  "She let life happen to her."  Fine.  But passive characters do not pique the average reader's interest.Daisy is one character in modern fiction that I was actually HAPPY to see die.  There is not even a flicker of anything beyond the commonplace and ordinary in her life.  God knows, if she had only burned her bra in the 60s or stayed stoned for a brief historical moment in the 70s, we could have appreciated the fact that she was at least breaking out of a predictable mold in which she conforms to every societal norm in the book.  Must 269 pages be devoted to such a bland personality?  Please, Carol Shields.  I know you're dead, too, but was this novel a satire?????? If not, are we really to take all this overwritten drivel seriously?
I read a lot. Many of them are classics that I thoroughly enjoy. I have even read Hemingway and loved it. I couldn't finish this book.Their is more dialogue than anything else. The dialogue gets very confusing and repetitive. It seems unreal. I don't see real people talking that way. Now, that might be because I don't hang out with people who spend their lives in foreign countries and party every day and night.That's something else. All they do is drink, flirt, eat, and go to another party. They also insult each other and then are best friends. Maybe after I go through and read some analysis and commentary on it, I might enjoy it better. But I shouldn't have to do all that to enjoy a book.There are some that find this book outstanding. Great! Read on. This just wasn't for someone likes to read for enjoyment.
I tried to suspend disbelief, I really did. I could accept the premise of a 20th century nurse disappearing into a time-traveling vortex spun by an ancient circle of standing stones, I really could. I could even accept that she landed in 1743 Scotland with barely more than a glance askance at the gaping differences in contemporary amenities, I really could. What I could not accept is that Gabaldon could write "The hammer fell on an empty chamber" despite research conducted to write a book set in the time of flintlock firearms. Once I read that sentence, I couldn't take Gabaldon seriously as an author anymore. This glaring deficiency undermined the rest of the book and I finished it only because I rarely toss a book aside before the end, no matter how badly it is written.Yes, lots of violence, gratuitous sex, questionable morals, and even more questionable plot devices - see the aforementioned circle of standing stones. I don't see how this could be a series, let alone a successful stand-alone novel, but somebody must like it, considering the reviews. I, however, prefer to have an author respect my intelligence and make proper paid to the little elements that provide shading and background. After all, the devil is in the details.Overwrought, overhyped, under-researched.
This is my second read of this book, three years and some 300 sales & marketing books down stream. My goodness, but the advice is inappropriate for Realtors, at least those on either coast.The "techniques" advocated were, and perhaps still are, used in selling paring knives, potato peelers and perhaps larger items like vacuum cleaners. Those techniques, if used more than very sparingly, tend to put off potential clients.The "How to List" routine is to knock on doors. This may have been a great approach in the 1950s when 95% (or more) of the houses were inhabited by stay-at-home moms, but now that a huge fraction of the homes (80% maybe??) are inhabited by two earner families, the cost/benefit ratio of walking your neighborhood is poor, to say the least. More gimickery is offered, especially where FSBOs are concerned, rather than looking for a way to give value to the client.Hopkins does offer some reasonable advice on tracking your personal business statistics. Maybe I should up my rating to two stars. However, if you carefully (or not so carefully) keep track of the hours spent following his other advice, I think you'll find your return per hour below a living wage.Hopkins may be a great motivator -- I wouldn't know. But you definitely want to look at marketing books to learn about marketing yourself, which is what listing is about. This book will waste your time and your money, and, worst of all, teach habits that you will later need to unlearn.
I don't think the corporate environment is the intended audience for the subtleties of this volume.  To me, at least, the characters Sniff and Scurry represent the proletariet masses who, unencumbered with any cerebral baggage, resort to those most basic primordial instincts which direct them to bolt at any hint of an escape from repression; in this case the obvious opiate of the &quot;security&quot; suggested by &quot;Cheese Station C&quot;, an obvious metaphor for the Eastern Bloc.  This, I believe, is symbolic of the mass emigration from eastern European states into Germany and Austria witnessed just over a decade ago.  Hem and Haw, on the other hand, clearly represent old guard communist leaders, who, unwilling to yield to the economic and social pressures of the west, perhaps in some way suggesting the defeat of their original Bolshevik principles, remain in a static position.  Haw, ultimately stepping out into the maze, nicely encapsulates the courage, the apprehension witnessed in Poland during the Solidarity movement of the early '80s or even Gorbechev and his glasnost and perestroika programs; both attempts to bring about change to a system that was clearly failing.Although to some Johnson's paper might suggest some parallels to a corporate climate, clearly it is a tool for Phd candidates focusing on some facet of political science.
I bought this book because of it's positive reviews.  I made myself finish it, just hoping it would get better!  I do not understand how someone could rave about this book!
I started reading the book as a part of my personal development with the company that I work for. The book is founded in behaviorism, and does not stray from the concepts associated with this worldview. My issue with it is that I believe that people are more than a reaction to the things that happen to us. We have unique personalities, and they consist of more than the conditioning that they are subjected to. This psychology takes away the idea of free-will and choice, and eliminates personal responsibility. When it comes to managing people, I believe that these are important elements to tap into. This behaviorist approach to management may look good on the surface, and make logical sense, but is flawed by its nature, and cannot have any long lasting impact.
I am a huge Michael Crichton fan.  I love his books more than any others and once I pick them up, I cant put them down.  Im sorry that I cant say that about this novel.  It was terrible.This is a very different kind of book than other Crichton novels, and maybe that is why I couldnt get into it.  I felt that it was dry, and un interesting.  If you are into planes, then maybe this book will be for you, mainly because of all the technical info about aircrafts.  But this is more of a book about an investigation of a plan that almost crashes.  I got half way through the book and stopped reading it.  I just made me want to go to sleep.  Boring Boring Boring.  I didnt want to put it down, just because i know that Crichton is always full of surpises.  But if i got halfway through the book with none yet, then I didnt think anything special was coming up.As I said before, I didnt like this book at all, but some may be into this kind of stuff.  If so, feel free to pick it up, but for all that are bored by investigations that dont have any thrill to them, pass this book up.
I have a habit of needing to finish every book that I start.  In some ways this is a good habit, but books like Timeline make my habit a bad one.  Crichton has a good reputation as an author, and his retelling of the famous 19th century gold heist in The Great Train Robbery was excellent.  These were the main reasons why I decided to read this story.  But the story was slow, predictable and plain uninteresting.  The first few chapters of the book actually draws the reader in, there is enough suspense, excitement and mystery to hook the reader.  But about 150 pages into the book it becomes apparent that there is no mystery and the story is going nowhere.  At one point I brainstormed to try and think of a way that the story could possibly get better.  The only thing I could come up with was this; maybe the last 400 pages were only biographical notes and the end was near.  Unfortunately I am more of an optimist than a brainstormer, and like a normal novel, the story lasted until almost the last page (which came three months later).  The idea of time travel is always fun, and the whole Medieval Europe theme has potential as well, but a good fiction novel needs to be a suspense, a catchy story and characters that don't fade into monotony.  I will probably read Crichton again, but with more caution and less optimism next time.
I listened to half of this book and finally gave up.  First, I did not like the reader's voice - she sounded too old and snooty to get involved with a 23 year old man.  Secondly, I did not like the heroine as she  seemed totally unaffected by the horrendous thing s that were happening - she seemed shallow.  Third, the story was simply unpleasant with detailed descriptions of whippings and rape.  I never felt the content was treated seriously by either the writer nor the narrator.  I really don't understand why this series is so popular.
The Core XXX series is printed by Prentice-Hall and the whole series suffers from bloat. This one has a 13 page (!) table of contents and just a few pages less than Bruce Eckel's masterful Thinking in Java 1100+ pages.  A huge tome with no mention of the PHP command line. The only graphic is on the cover. Great though for the visually impaired with huge type. The writing style is not friendly, the presentation is not a tutorial in any sense. There may be lots of things in this book, but much more refernce book style than a learn-from book. When a scripting language takes on the characteristics of full-blown languages like C++ and Java, I think something is wrong. If you need to see some real-life coding examples that you can learn from, just Google 'php examples'.  These are real meat-and-potatos code that will satisfy your real need which is to make PHP do things. While the programming talents of the authors is un-questionable, the writing talents displayed here are minimal. Overweight, overpriced and totally under-whelming.
Simply another marketing exercise of tying a book, any book, to an attractive face with some media exposure to make some quick money.  Not much difference between this and a Life Philosophy book by Vanna White or a biography of Britney Spears.  The content is basic new investor instruction that you can find done better and for free at Web sites like Motley Fool and others.  Very badly organized with lots of extraneous material ... this book is at least two rewrites away from an acceptable first effort.  Look elsewhere, friend.
I've enjoyed Diana Wynne Jones's work for years. When I got this book, I thought it would be nice to take a peek into her earlier work. Sometimes you can get hints of how an author evolves her style over time. Sometimes it gives you hints for appreciating her other work. Sometimes it gives you a backstory to characters that you already know.Sometimes.Not this time.The book opens with two young boys, Caspar and Johnny. They're pretty much interchangeable except that one is older than the other. It doesn't really matter who. Their mother has recently married, horror of horrors, a man with (pause for dramatic effect) two similarly interchangeable sons. Oh, the mom also has a daughter who is effectively a plot device.Basically, the step-father (step parents are inherently evil, as you'll remember from your fairy tales) knows that the two boys (not his) don't like him, so he tries to bribe them into liking them by buying them a chemistry set. Now, this book was published in 1974, and I assume that the chemistry sets that you could get back then had all sorts of fun stuff in it. Based on the stories that I'm hearing, kids today don't even get magnesium to light on fire, get scared by the bright light, drop it on the carpet, freak out over the smoke, attempt to smother it with a pillow, eventually remember the fire extinguisher, and then solve the "how do I not tell my parents?" problem by rearranging the furniture in their room and put the pillow in the trash. . . but I digress. This chemistry set is magic.You can, of course, tell that it's magic because the strange chemicals have italicized Latin-esque names. That's a dead giveaway.So, when the mom and step-father are downstairs, and the step-father is shouting for quiet so he can watch TV (a certain indicator of deep, soul destroying evil, of course), the mother's boys are playing with the chemistry set in their room, and the plot device wanders in and is stereotypically annoying. Then, she spills the chemicals on herself and gains the magical power of flight.Such powers are less than effective indoors.It dawns on me, at this point, that the novel might be intended to teach children the importance of conserving our natural resources, because the rest of the book is primarily focused on trying to not run out of the limited quantity of magical Latinates. Conveniently, there are sufficient amounts of the various magical chemicals for both sets of interchangeable youths to experiment with their mutual chemistry sets and more or less determine what they do... yet have small enough amounts yet to place them in jeopardy when they have their trivial adventures due to them not playing together.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that the step-father's boys also have a chemistry set of their own, but that's OK, Jones forgets to make that clear too. Apparently, in England in the early 70s, one gets two sets of children to play together by putting them in separate rooms with separate toys.*shrug*Anyway, things move forward. The parents squabble because raising five children is difficult when they don't get to meet one another until after you get married. It's also difficult when you don't bother to introduce the new parents to the children until after the wedding. Apparently causes stress. Who knew? Oh, it's also a good idea to discuss how finances might change when you go from a three person household to having to support seven people. . . I'm just saying is all.The children have a series of tedious adventures whereby:* They fly and almost run out of the magic chemical that keeps them in the air.* They shrink and almost get caught by the oh-so horrendous step father... who is yelling in italics by now.* They switch bodies and almost have a learning experience by living one another's lives for a day.* They bring their toys to life, including their step-father's pipe, which almost gets them in trouble. (This one was actually kinda cool, except that you have to know what toffee bars and construction sets are. Toys have changed a lot since this book was published. Oh, and you can't say "Lego", so you have to say "brightly coloured plastic building brick" instead... gotta stay legal ya know.)* They turn invisible, which is apparently the same as turning into a wrathful murderous ghost. I tell you, you learn something new every day. Oh, they almost murder their step-father, but they don't* They create a group of angry mushroom people that only speak Greek, and fight for their lives against them... almost bonding in the process.The step-father also tries to bribe the mother's kids by giving them footballs (which, since this story is English, I chose to interpret as soccer balls), but, given that he is the antichrist, the footballs are pink and the boys lives are ruined forever.The mother can't take the stress and goes to stay with her sister... and doesn't bother to tell her kids that she's going. The step-father also doesn't see a need to tell them where she want, preferring to tell the kids that "she's gone away". Of course, the kids assume that their step-father murdered their mother, thereby creating an excuse for the plot device to try to poison him and for the afore-mentioned murderous ghost incident.However, in a shocking twist, it turns out that the step-father isn't evil, but just stressed, and when the kids find a way to turn base metals into gold, the money problems are magically resolved, the mother and step-father suddenly become attentive and caring parents, and all of the children magically get along. Oh, and the magic toy store, from whence the chemistry sets originated, mysteriously vanishes for no reason at all.By the way, this book advocates splashing chemicals on your siblings as well as eating the strange-looking ones. I have absolutely no idea why it didn't catch on.Oh, and the coolest thing in the book - the living toffee bars which eat sweaters and carpeting - die horribly. Just a little warning.I will leave you with the one really good exchange in the book, because it's not worth reading the book to get this part, but it's damn good. This is right after Gwinny (the plot device) decides to kill the Ogre's (the kids' name for the step-father) with a poisoned cupcake, feels guilty about it and confesses:"I put," she sobbed, "I put Noct. Vest. out of Malcolm's chemistry set.""Well, that's supposed to be nontoxic," said the Ogre. "Maybe there's no harm done.""But I put six of Mummy's sleeping pills squashed-up in it," continued Gwinny, "and detergent and the bottle from the cupboard that says Poison and some firelighter and ammonia, and then I rolled it on the floor to get germs and spat on it for more germs, and instead of sugar on the outside I put the burning kind of soda. And I think it ended up awfully poisonous."
I LOVED Chandler Burr's The Perfect Scent and was hoping for a similar &#34;behind the scenes in the perfume industry&#34; type of book. This one was so boring I literally could not bring myself to finish it, and I almost always feel obligated to finish a book. It was way too scientific, to the point of dryness, for my taste. Maybe people with a better understanding of chemistry would find it much more interesting than I did. I was initially really interested in the competing &#34;scent theories,&#34; but by the time I had slogged through two-thirds of the book, any interest I had was thoroughly obliterated. Also, I started to find Luca Turin's personality (as described by Burr) very grating. It had potential but was just not well-executed at all. So disappointed, but if Burr writes another book, I will probably check it out.
This book would never have been published had it not been written by John Grisham.  The characters in this book were one dimensional and lacked appeal. The story was predictable &amp; boring. I couldn't wait for it to end.
Each chapter is a recipe for a specific project with a heavy and verbose emphasis on the particular materials and methods the author used to put the project together, which are very specific and unlikely to be generally useful. The code (downloadable) is not heavily documented, and the book is lacks clear discussions of the architecture and use of the features of Attiny devices. A disappointment.
The book is a rehash of the bad things that happened during the financial meltdown and offers little in concrete advice as to how to move forward for people approaching retirement age. It adds nothing new to what has already been writen about in a hundred books and can be summarized in one sentence; start saving and make a budget. If you must read it check it out from the library.
I hate to be the dissenting voice, but I was very disappointed in this book.  I bought it after injuring my back while running because I had read all these great reviews on Amazon.  Sure, there are lots of neat exercises, but it's unclear what you can and cannot do once you're already injured.  The stretches and pilates exercises seem like they would be very helpful forstrengthening your core muscles to prevent injuries, but not for healing them.  I went to a physical therapist, and he was horrified at the exercises I had been following from this book - "No wonder your pain hasn't decreased.  You're just reaggravating the injury with these exercises."  Unfortunately, there is only a cursory chapter at the end of this book detailing different types of back injuries, and, if you read the last few sentences in some descriptions, you'll find that even the author recommends heat and rest, not exercise.  Thanks a lot.  I guess that's why there is no detailed workout plan for healing back injuries among all the other plans for different age groups and conditions.  And, one last pet peeve - if you are trying to show proper posture and alignment, use a model in skin tight clothes, so you can see all the details, not some guy in loose sweats.
I felt like a high school teacher reading a report somebody had turned in.  I was very interested in the topic but this book made it so boring I could not get to the heart of it.  It really could have used an editor and should have been written for anyone to read.
Not a good writer, period.  Good story telling doesn't have to use complicated prose and complicated terms.  Not sure why people like this at all.
I lost weight on the Fat Flush diet, it worked well for me. I wanted to get a few more different recipes so I purchased this book.  I agree with one reviewer who thought it was written in a hurry to get it out, and  I also have to question how a nutritionist with a diet plan can write a book without any information as to nutritional values for the recipes.  Calories, protein, sodium, carbs, etc. none of that is listed for the recipes in this book. Granted it is not a diet about counting calories but some of us still want to know. Also, information about wooden spoons and utensils? Really?? The writer assumes ignorance on the readers part. Anyone who cooks knows about these things. Just how many pages were needed for this book to publish it? Give me recipes, not filler.
it is not that good, confusing and not entirely straight forwardsometimes , I get what I am looking for.would not recommend
I bought this book looking for an introduction to FOREX, having been a futures trader for many years. While there is a reasonably good introduction to FOREX as well as some technical and fundamental information, the problems I encountered far outweighed the benefits, such as:1. It's hard to go more than 2 or 3 pages without the author advertising some aspect of his business: his website, brokerage firm, training group, software, etc. etc. etc. In fact, he ends up devoting an entire chapter to this.2. Whoever proofread this book should find a new profession. It's full of grammatical and spelling errors.3. Some of the charts referenced don't even make sense. The best one was the depiction of an upward trend with the trendline drawn connecting the highs and not the lows.4. While the book starts off in some logical order, it quickly deteriorates into meandering chapters.I won't deny that there is some good information in here for those new to the FOREX scene. However, if you are looking for an introduction to forex, save yourself the money, log on to [...] and watch the Online Lessons (btw, I have no affiliation with this site other than the fact that I watch it all day long now).
The dialog in the book is old, so it's distracting,  and not a quick read, because of it.  I read the entire book (book club selection), but I had to force myself to complete it.  I didn't think there was much depth at all to the characters until the latter parts of the story, and  Jane Withersteen seems far too whiney for my tastes.
My advice, skip this book. I bought it before moving to Korea. I did a few lessons before I decided I've found better free resources on the web. I gave it two stars because I did learn a few phrases, so it wasn't useless, but it wasn't anything I couldn't have found somewhere else. Pick up a Korean phrase book and visit [...] It also doesn't teach you to read Hangul, so I would recommend watching some YouTube videos for that.
I don't know why I bought this book when I didn't like Amsterdam either.  I guess I'm just not the Ian McEwan type. The characters do not engage me, the "details" feel like filler.  I basically skimmed the book to see how things turned out for the main characters & was done.
I finally had to stop reading this book due to the content. It's a beautifully written and well-constructed story, but it just went a little over the top.
Shame on John Grisham for wasting my time.  It was a good story, until the end, which leaves you hanging with regard to who is responsible for much of what happened in the book and for what will happen next.  It's almost as if there is to be a sequel.  If there is, I, for one, won't be interested in reading it.  I'm too angry at Mr. Grisham for having wasted a big part of my weekend reading this lousy book.
Is a very long slow book that never reaches it's full potential.  With that said though, the book does have some endearing qualities as a "coming of age" novel.  Much of the reading in this book is very bland and wordy, lacking of the real and genuine excitement it deserves.  This story is also very implausible, but so much so that it doesn't really hinder the story.  Not a bad job for the co-writers first attempt. **
I was disappointed in this blood. It was dull. I didn't finish it. The dark cold weather described in the story was too depressing and overshadowed the story
I didn't read the whole thing but got turned off about the second chapter.  It came from the UK so took over a month to arrive, very shop worn.  Oh Dear Silvia by the same author was the most thought provoking book I've read so I was anxious to get this one by the same author.  I don't even want to give it to anybody else.
The number of errors is great enough to make one doubt about the integrity of the book.  How could the errors go unnoticed?  It is a pity that such books get off the press and claim to be helping people to pass  certification exams.Anyone who is sharp enough would spot the numerous  errors.  I seriously doubt anyone who says the book is useful really knows  what Java is about.  The book confuses with its numerous errors rather than  teaches.If you want to prepare for the certification exam, get a better  book.  Consider the one from Sybex, &quot;The Complete Java 2 Certification  Study Guide&quot; or another book, &quot;A Programmer's Guide to Java  Certification&quot;.  These are better organised and worth your dollars and  cents.
The first thing you need to know about this book is that it is not really entitled The Medieval Machine.  That is the American title given to this French book which was originally published as The Industrial Revolution of the Middle Ages.  If you are interested in learnin about medieval machinery and mechanical inventions this, despite the title, is not the book for you.The second thing that you need to know about this book is that, well, it is not a coherent &quot;book.&quot;  It is, basically, a collection of loosely related essays about industrial life in the high and late (mostly late) middle ages.The third thing you need to know about this book is that these essays are not very good.  Simply, they are a good representation of typical Romance-language scholarship:  a series of non-sequitors riddled with quotations from source material which are not properly cited.The only reason to buy this book is the essay on pollution and the environment.  This book is the only published work (in book form) in English to deal with this important aspect of medieval life.  Again, and unfortunately, while the essay is unique, it remains poor.  I strongly suggest that you not purchase this book.
This book first needs better binding glues since it comes apart after a few weeks of heavy usage. When I surveyed other students' textbooks their books suffered the same fate.Some of the book's examples are difficult to follow along and the explanation usually follow several pages later.Some of the problems deal with Casino card and dice gambling type problems that some religious students just aren't familiar with and the description in the problems assusme students know all the subtle &quot;ins&quot; and &quot;outs.&quot;  Also some of the problems take way too long to do.The glossy paper also isn't necessary.  Under typical flourescent lighting conditions, it glares too much, thus reducing book's usage.At HVCC college CIS department one instructor is actually using another textbook since he too feels strongly that this Deitel book isn't suitable to learn C that easily.Gerard J. Sagliocca, P.E.gerard_sagliocca@yahoo.com
Given my (and many others') increasing frustration with consequences of buggy software, I was really hoping for this book to be useful at identifying the issues and proposing some solutions.  Not only did the book come up short on both of these, but much of the book has nothing to with glitches.  Further there were numerous errors in much of the material, and most of the "solutions" proposed amounted to suggesting increased regulation, as if the government can demand bug-free software (when that isn't even defined) or "certified" software engineers, again not showing what kind of certification (or even training) can reduce bugs.Some examples of wrong, if not downright dangerous, advice:He points to Bernie Madoff as an example of the need for more government regulation (in general), ignoring the fact that preventing situations like Bernie Madoff was EXACTLY what the SEC was set up to, and even after 75 years was unable to do so.He also aims to expand government's consumption of technology - "without ... Web 2.0 capabilities on government websites, e-government initiatives will deliver diminishing returns.  ... when ... [Web 2.0 capabilities are] unavailable on government sites, citizens will not return." This completely misses several major points - most notably, that government does not have competitors (for true government functions), and that as long as an electronic solution is easier than the alternative, it will succeed.  Will anyone really choose to go in to the DMV for a renewal that can be done on the web, just because the website doesn't offer flashy graphics or collaboration features?In suggesting not to understand, much less upgrade mission-critical systems- "Know when to leave well enough alone.  Given fluctuations in staffing and long-term investments in technology, the reality is that you simply won't fully understand certain applications. ... you will not always know exactly what makes them tick ...If it's a business-critical application, ... you may not need to know every line of code ... In this case, the risk of compromising the infrastructure by opening the application far outweighs the need to sate curiosity."  One would think that if a system were business-critical, understanding every line would be business-critical.  Or else one glitch could bring down the company, because no one will understand enough to repair it in a timely manner.  Also, even the most green developer knows that "opening the application" (i.e. reviewing source code) does not entail ANY risk.  Ignorance, however, that's risk.In proposing more attention being paid to cloud applications - "Should faulty software practices make their way into a cloud, they might impact a wider audience than a more traditional on-premises model of software ownership.  Therefore we need to be that much more diligent when it comes to developing [cloud applications]"  This is particularly disturbing as he earlier pointed out software bugs that killed people in a (not widely used) radiology application.  "Diligence" should be a function of potential impact, not where an application is hosted, or even how many users it has.Even his definition of a software problem is questionable - "When I buy a flat-panel TV and it takes me four hours to make it work with the components, that's a software lifecycle problem.  When I wait for three hours for what was supposed to be a one-hour brake pad replacement, that's a software life cycle failure."Speaking of definitions, he continually talks about "transparency" and "governance" without ever clearly defining those terms.In summary, while the author may have been CEO of Lotus Development Corp, it sounds like he was never actually a developer or even a tester, and hence appears to be a PHB (pointy haired boss) right out of Dilbert, spouting off dictates with no understanding of the real problems, much less solutions.  What a shame.
Obviously both and Finnegan proves it. Joyce spent seventeen years on this book, which can be properly read and understood by only one person - James Joyce, who passed away in 1941.Now if you'd like to devote yourself - and perhaps your life - to achieving an understanding of Finnegans Wake, you are certainly free to do so.  And, having once attempted  to achieve such understanding myself, I can assure you that some of your time will be well spent.  But the facts are as follows:1. Joyce was fluent in a number of European languages and had a nodding acquaintance with many more.2. From this knowledge he fashioned a special vocabulary of multilingual blends and puns which he used, with ordinary English syntax, to create the solipsistic discourse of Finnegans Wake. It is, in effect, a private language.3. Since most of his vocabulary is drawn from, and puns on, the languages Joyce was familiar with, the only way one can begin to understand what's happening is to be as familiar with them as James Joyce.4. The entire book is said to narrate the mostly incoherent nighttime dream of its antihero, "HCE."  This was Joyce's way of "getting at" (whatever that means here) some sort of unconscious European cultural mind - as apprehended and imagined by James Joyce, of course.5. Finnegans Wake is thus basically incomprehensible. The explications in Campbell & Robinson's Skeleton Key, while well informed, are, as the authors admit (though not in these words) the only sense they could make of it with the assistance of a shelf full of reference books. By getting in on the ground floor, C & W effectively dared anyone to disagree.  Which would, of course, require another pair of literature Ph.D.'s with another shelf of reference books. There can be more than one interpretation of Finnegans Wake, including a belief in the profitlessness of interpretation.6. Once in a while Joyce can still write a melodious sentence that is close enough to English to carry some meaning. As readers of Dubliners, Portrait of the Artist, and Ulysses are aware, Joyce was at one time a master of poetic English prose. Searching for the poetic moments, and those alone, makes for a pleasant diversion, and will undoubtedly reward the extremely well read and knowledgable.If you're still intrigued, your best bet is to find a copy of the drastically abridged edition with commentary that Anthony Burgess put out forty years ago.  Burgess loved Finnegans Wake in the Campbell-Robinson interpretation, and he supplies enough editorial matter to aid you in your innocent quest to believe in Finnegans' greatness. The book may be  useful to some as a kind of Rorschach/I Ching for your own creativity: "How many puns and themes can *I* find?"This book allegedly turned Derrida into a Deconstructionist. I believe it. Students of OCD and associated disorders should take a look at the entire Finagin Fannomenikonn, if you know what I mean.
It took me forever to slog through this book because I didn't find the plot or the characters that interesting.  With the exception of the Major, and perhaps Vincet Darracott, most of the characters that populate this book are caricatures - the combative patriarch, the silly fob, the spineless coward, etc.  I also wondered if people really talked like that back during the regency era- in long winded passages that take up almost entire pages.  It is especially frustrating for me to read those long winded dialogues because they more often than not add nothing to the plot and are so heavily in cant as to be almost indecipherable.Also, unlike other Georgette Heyer books, the romance is almost entirely absent so I did not even have that to induce me to turn the pages.
A classic that I could not finish.  For me, long winded and not an inviting read.  Donated to the LA County Public Library.
As much as I esteem Conrad as a genius, this tale lacks the touch.  It's what I describe as 1st half good/ 2nd half ugggh.  The setup is well ordered, the execution of the plot lacks entirely.  Overly dramatic and quite outlandish, it is not of Conrad's better efforts.  Critics continue to love it, but I find the sequence of events hard to believe.  It may have gone down well a century ago, but today, it does not convince one.  Nostromo and The Secret Agent or Under Western Eyes are far better displays of Conrad's skill and talent.
It did help me to have an epiphany, however, in the midst of reading it.  To wit, these kinds of motivational self-help sales how-to's likely fill a need that people like me have similar to the one that readers of romance novels fill when they read those books.Under this framework I'd say this book really needs to be light, fluffy reading with at least an inkling of an uplifting motivational message.It fails on either point.  While the writing isn't heavy, it doesn't read light, and apart from getting to share in a tiny bit of the author's apparent schadenfreude about his professional triumphs over others' failures this account doesn't really do much for one.The biggest issue with this book is that its impetus seems misplaced.  The specific audience the author addresses has already advanced so far up the sales negotiation ladder that all of his advice must certainly have been old news to that crowd already excepting those there by Peter's Principle.For those who haven't progressed so far up the purchase department ladder, I'm not sure this guy's story is going to be germane or useful.All of the good stuff may have been saved for last, however, as I can't be bothered to finish the book: I found nothing in it that was relevant or insightful.Sorry.
Boring and did not like the way it was written or the story line. Will never read anything by this author again.
It is sometimes claimed that a few authors become so popular that even large, powerfulpublishers cannot exercise any editorial control.  It seems to me that this theorymay be true and that this author's most recent novel is evidence to that effect.The translation is slapdash, clunky and not fun to read.
The explanations in the book are for absolute novices (details below), that is, people with no previous interest in investing.  But I just don't see such a person having the time and money to implement the advocated strategy: The description of the number of metrics you need to understand, gather data for and monitor seems to be a full-time job, if not more.  And having to invest in a range of stocks within industries, within market categories (large cap, small cap) and within markets themselves (domestic, OECD, developing, emerging) would seem to involve a portfolio of well over a million dollars.  Aside: Another reviewer here--Korava (July 27, 2009)--makes similar observations, but estimates the minimum portfolio at $250-500K.Might an individual investor try to implement a rough version of this strategy within a mutual fund family that allows no/low-cost transfers?  Maybe.  But the book assumes investments at the granularity of individual stocks and doesn't touch upon the issue of having multiple "baskets" of stocks whose compositions are controlled by someone else with different objectives.  And there is still the significant knowledge and effort required of the investor.  Similarly for ETFs.Might this book be a good introduction for someone who has suddenly acquired a large portfolio, such as an inheritance, and needs to choose and then interact with a professional investment advisor?  Probably not: There is no advice relevant to this aspect.This book has the feel of an extended version of the sales presentation that the author would give to potential customers of his bank's investment services.  It feels like it was dictated to McGee, who then had time to clean it up only the basics.  One sign of this is that sections of the book come across as an infomercial.  Another is that virtually all of the supposed "how-to" advice on implementing the strategy comes across as "This is so knowledge- and labor-intensive that it needs a team of professional analysts."  The author repeatedly talks about how he and his team build a model and then assembled and analyzed data covering many years (typically about 20 years) to find a helpful signal.  Note:  This is about areas where the book says the investor needs to be working, not the areas where it (legitimately) points out that you cannot compete with professional analysts.While the book makes an argument for this strategy ("You should"), it provides no help in even starting to pursue it ("How to").  The anecdotes mention various categories of data, but the book provides no advice on how an individual investor might get practical access to that data.  For example, it talks about using the 200-day moving average.  While it is trivial to check this for an individual stock, the strategy involves monitoring hundreds of stocks (owned and under consideration) as just a small part of what you need to do.  Neither does the book mention, much less assess, any investing tools/services that are a good fit to this strategy.How to use the data is almost always in the form of a basic definition and then a few anecdotes, as are the cautions about interactions ("Metrics A and B were giving me opposite signals about stock X so I realized C."), leaving the reader in the dangerous position of not knowing how much they don't know.  In discussing using momentum, the author claims that the 200- and 50-day moving averages can be used to signal buys and sells.  This is inexcusably simplistic advice, especially at a time like this: In a recovery, the momentum signaled can be that of the general stock market itself, not the individual stock.  Even in normal times, these averages are unreliable signals and should be used only as a filter to alert you to stocks that warrant a closer look.I normally read a book in one or two days, and I rarely stop within a chapter.  This book took me two weeks to finish, and that was only because I pushed myself so I could write this review (to satisfy my obligation to the Vine program).  I kept putting the book down because it wasn't telling me anything new or useful.  Note: Books that cover old ground can be useful/entertaining if they cause you to think about things in a different way, for example, the interaction of two things you learned separately.  I found none of that in this book.---- Optional:  examples on why I say it is written for an absolute novice ----Half the book (6 chapters, 96 pages) is an introduction to investing based heavily on anecdotes (versus using anecdotes to make more memorable what has been presented).  It will not help a novice get started, but by mentioning terms and concepts, it might reduce the memory load during subsequent presentations.  However, I would recommend the novice simply skip this book and start with a better introduction.This book repeatedly explains the events of 2007-2008 (housing crash, CDOs, credit freeze ...) as if it was new information to the reader.  The sophistication of the explanations is at or below the level in the Main Stream Media (not including the serious financial press).The chapter on "Metrics" starts by defining the term, then argues that metrics are important, and then providing a very few examples. I suspect that a reasonably intelligent novice would find this chapter obvious and worse.Analogies that are mentioned but not developed, thus providing no explanatory or mnemonic value.  Intent seems to be to simply reassure the (novice) reader.  Examples: Building a portfolio and a house; the economy is like a ship; liquidity is like gasoline.
This is a novel about a couple that started out as happily married and then seemed to grow in different directions. We are told the story from both Evvie and Ben's viewpoints, but the main focus is on Evvie, who seems to grow more and more disconnected with the world outside of her mind.There is a disconnect with all of the characters and the reader, much like the detachment that they have with their own lives. It is hard to even picture them or their surroundings. Their feelings are described; but the physical world around them is a mystery that it becomes increasingly hard to care about. Evvie and Ben seem so intertwined in themselves that they have no room for anyone else. Ben at last appears to escape by connecting with another and is almost drawn back to Evvie by an incredible scenario.We progress from perceiving Evvie as quirky to wondering about her mental health. It is really not an enjoyable journey because of jumbled thoughts and situations. It is a struggle to try to appreciate Evvie's way of thinking and her approach to first try everything.
if it wasnt for the recount of her childhood and early married life in india the book would have bored me to tears !I found it quite boring, and lacking in any &#34;secrets&#34; exposed....shame as it has the potential to be a riveting read i am sure.Maybe the MI5 censored too much ?
I had never known that Mr Clinton was a John Wayne fan, but that is the only explanation for the contents of this so-called biography . The quote from the above mentioned John Wayne/James Stewart classic sums this book up perfectly: "When the truth contradicts the legend, PRINT THE LEGEND" and Bill Clinton is, undoubtedly a legend in his own mind. This should be considered a work of fiction, and a poorly written one at that. Any similarity to the actual events surrounding the Clinton years in the White House are strictly co-incidental. (...) The only questions left are, what will he get for the movie rights, and can he get Mel Gibson or Tom Cruise to play the part? This should have been written on newspaper stock, so that it would at least be useful to wrap garbage in. My rating of one star for this piece of pure fiction is only because there are no negative star ratings allowed.
I feel a little bad about my dislike for Out, since a lot of my complaint is how its written, and I have no way of knowing how much of that is thanks to Kirino herself, and how much is due to the translation. Either way, the prose here works hard to take an interesting tale and render it dull and lifeless. Unable to let foreshadowing pass without making sure the reader notices it, explaining to a pedantic degree motivations and feelings, Out so frequently breaks the "show, don't tell" rule of writing that I felt like I was reading notes for the actors of the eventual movie version, not a novel. It's a shame, too, because the core tale - about a woman who strangles her husband, some friends that help her, and the ensuing chaos - is pretty neat, even if it's occasionally too neat and tidy. Even that doesn't entirely carry the book, though, as Kirino's characters too often come across as horrible people. There's a difference between something like A Simple Plan that makes us understand the characters, even as they make horrific choices, and Out, which just makes us hate them. Kirino's unlikable characters reach their nadir in the climax, in which one character acts in a way that seems unlikely, unreasonable, and frankly unbelievable. (Speaking of the climax, why in the world tell the event twice, all the way through, from two different perspectives, if the two tellings add nothing to each other?) In the end, Out takes a neat premise and tale and beats it into the ground with thudding prose, unsympathetic characters, and an ending that leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
Hacker Cracker. Just the name caught my eye and so I bought it thinking it would be a similar to Masters of Deception or Mitnick story, but it wasn't. The entire book is just Mr. Nuwere recounting his exploits from America Online to large corporations, throwing in a good bit about the mean streets of New York, and rounding out (literally) with some non-relevant martial arts. After reading it I was really let down. I was looking for something a little more definitive about computer security, the evolution of it from the time he was a kid to now, etc. Sad to say Masters of Deception was a better book than this but nothing will ever come close to the writing talent, intrigue, and plain storytelling than Cliff Stoll's book the Cuckoo's Egg. Maybe in twenty years if Mr. Nuwere wrote another book and explained what he's learned after spending some time OUT of the mean streets then perhaps it'd be a better book. Right now it's just a feel good made for TV movie.
I did not like the writing style of this book at all.  I thought it was too rambling and "fruity" at times that did nothing to improve the reading experience for me.  I struggled to start the book about 3 times until eventually, I took a deep breath and decided just tot go for it no matter what, bad decision.  I ended up wasting about 10 days reading a book that I can truly find nothing enjoyable or fulfilling to say about.  I did not like the characters, even the ones that were supposed to be likable, while cringing at the weakness of some of the characters.This is a book that could only be enjoyed and fully understood by a hopeless romantic, of which, I am not one.  I don't possess a romantic bone in my body and perhaps that is why I did not enjoy one word of this book.At first I assumed I was struggling with the writing because it had been translated from the original Spanish but now I just don't think I liked the style or excessive length of the story.  He could have cut it back a lot and made it somewhat enjoyable even to me!  I only finished it as it had been mentioned by a Colombian friend of mine that very rarely suggests books, so I persevered just so I could talk about it with her.Clearly, not a book I am going to be recommending to anyone to read but I will be taking my copy to bookgroup just in case anyone is still intrigued after reading this review.  1 out of 5 stars from me.
Africa may be rising, but the case is not made convincingly in this book. The book is an amalgam of aggregate statistics that are not placed in context, some nice stories, and unanalyzed claims by business people, government officials and others.A few examples are illustrative of the book's level of sophistication:-The famous Nigerian money transfer scam is used as an example of the sophistication of African IT.-Throughout the book, Mahajan claims that the continent is "optimistic." His evidence for this is almost entirely advertisements (most of which are geared towards the middle and upper class). Is there an advertiser anywhere that has pessimistic ads? Imagine: "Buy Guinness, because you need to drink away your sad poor life."-There are meaningless lists throughout the book. For example, in South Africa there is a marketing newsletter called "Bizcommunity." "The newletter has attracted interest across Africa- including Angola, Algeria, Botswana, Cote d'Ivoire, Egypt, Ghana, Kenya, Mauritius, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Seychelles, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe." I believed him when he said "across Africa." The fact that one person in Seychelles reads the newsletter online has added nothing to my understanding of Africa's business prospects.-Mahajan has a section on "trade not aid," in which he decries NGOs that prevent Africans from supporting themselves. Never, ever, does he mention any NGO or NGO program that has done this. Every NGO mentioned is described enthusiastically.-The section on water argues that there is a huge market opportunity because many people don't have access to clean water. With logic like this, if a business is looking for its greatest "opportunity" it should find the exact poorest part of the world... I know there are opportunities in undeveloped markets, but let's not facilely translate "challenge" into "opportunity."-Mahajan mixes up commercial and non-profit opportunities. He writes that an NGO has found a cheap way to sterilize water. This is not an example of 900 million consumers offering more than you think.-Mahajan says the Egyptian "brand" and the "South African" are worth more on a per capita basis than China's or India's. What this could possibly mean is not explained. Mahajan also says that South Africa's brand is worth 40% of its GDP. But doesn't this mean the GDP is low? And considering the brand is a stock variable, an asset on the balance sheet, why would you compare it with a flow variable, the yearly income?-There is a quote by Don Cheadle, the actor, claiming that negative perceptions of Africa are due to bad press. Quotes like these are taken on authority and form part of the core of the book's evidence.-There are superficial allusions to China and India throughout. The argument is that China and India succeeded, why can't Africa? The fact that the Chinese and Indian stories are highly dissimilar is not even raised. The innumerable differences between the continent of Africa and China and India are mentioned, if at all, to be brushed aside.These are but a few of the inadequacies of the book. Rather than a coherent effort, it reads more like a pastiche of feel good articles and banal bureaucratic talking points. The end notes is stuffed with articles from magazines and newspapers for the general reader- no Journal of Economics or Africa Policy Studies here.  The book ends with "A Call to Action," including this observation: "There is a need for more political leaders with vision and compassion, as well as business leaders with the drive, knowledge, and perspective to lead their enterprises through the many challenges they face in Africa." Did anyone need to read this book to realize that?Ultimately, I am disappointed for selfish reasons. As someone launching a social enterprise in Kenya, I was hoping for an accessible guide to understanding the intersection of business and development in Africa- an Africa specific, "Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid" more or less. Unfortunately, this book is far less.
Probability and Random Processes can be easily approached with grace and elegance so long as the professor and/or writer possess such talents.  All too often Albert Leon-Garcia comes across as a total wacko in the possession neither.
The cover touts a "PROGRAM USED BY BUSINESS LEADERS, SUPER BOWL WINNERS AND NCAA CHAMPIONS FOR OVER 20 YEARS".  However you really won't find any program or for that manner any kind of coherent process or structure in this book.  What you do find is a series of unconnected little stories, slogans, inspirational thoughts and constant reminders that the author has worked with many professional sports teams.  Nothing in the book will hurt you. Most of it seems positive and common sense, including such ideas as having a vision, working your plan, preparing, getting appropriate rest, using positive self talk, etc.  Many years ago Maxwell Maltz wrote Psycho-Cybernetics, a book that addresses many of the same topics in a coherent, practical and actionable approach that enables a reader to put the ideas into a logical improvement program.  I would highly recommend that book, not this one.
if you ever meet someone who you have heard is a fan of this book, stick a pin in their arm to see if they are alive.
I really wanted to like this book, which has been so highly recommended by so many readers, so I gave it two wholehearted attempts. This second time, I made it to the halfway point. Grenouille is a character so damaged, twisted, repulsive, and pathetic, that it would have been a great blessing had he died at birth. I would go so far as to classify him as sub-human. He certainly can be described as freakish. The other characters are not as dysfunctional, but there isn't an individual in this book that isn't thoroughly selfish. If you don't mind reading about psychological grotesquerie, Perfume is a well-written novel that could be intriguing. Not my cup of tea, I'm afraid.
90% of the book has nothing to do with dividends. Most of what else is presented is very rudimentary. This "novella" mainly exists to sell his newsletter. Way over priced for a 133 page book.
I'm a kid it was boring.
This is going back asap: did not disclose USED state -- dirty, dented, unsuitable. Carpe diem with resellers, I guess.
I purchased this book for an overview of Acrobat 6.0. While there is some good info, too much is not explained fully. There are constant cross references "see chapter 8", no page reference and the bulk of the book is for the pro version. The author spends a lot of time using fancy nomenclature (not technical terms) instead of offering better tips. I would love to see a Special Edition Using Acrobat from Que Publishing. That series is excellent for learning software. I will look for a better book.
I found this book to be basically boring - lots of statistics, that are for the most part, common sense, with a few interesting highlights.Like we all don't realize that potable water will become more and more valuable as our world population increases.  Common sense - I don't need tons of factoids to convince me of that.The population in the industrialized nations is ageing - again - well known common knowledge - and I don't need tons of demographic data to prove that to me.I have been to the Tsukji Fish Market in Tokyo - like what else are you going to do when you wake up at 4 AM because of the time zone changes - prices are insane for good tuna - everybody knows that if you have ever been to a decent Sushi place - again, I don't need a bunch of pages to explain that to me.I felt the author had tons of data and decided to make a book out of it - for me it never really hung together.Save your money.
Henning Mankell is best known for having created fictional detective Kurt Wallander, a character I am familiar with via a couple of BBC adaptations of Mankell's work.  Wallander is typical of the genre, I suppose.  He is another of those broken down, older detectives whose personal life is in ruins but who gamely carries on with catching the local bad guys.  It is all very dark and moody, but I almost always take to that type of atmosphere and character and that is what I expected to get from The Man from Beijing.And, at first, that is what I got.  The story opens at the scene of a spectacular mass murder in one of Sweden's most isolated little villages.  All but three of the village's twenty-two inhabitants have been brutally slaughtered in just a few hours and police are struggling to identify either a motive for the murders or a suspect.  When Judge Birgitta Roslin, who is on a two-week medical leave from the bench, realizes that this is the same village her mother was raised in, she decides to go there for a personal look.  Once there, and sensing that the police investigation is headed in the wrong direction, Roslin begins her own - an investigation that leads her to believe that a Chinese assassin is responsible for the deaths.Butting heads with the local police, however, proves to be rather fruitless, so Roslin continues to nose around on her own.  Her amateur investigation brings her all the way to China where her efforts attract the attention of the wrong people.  Just happy to escape Beijing in one piece, Roslin returns to Sweden only to find that her Chinese troubles have followed her home.Henning Mankell had the makings of a snappy crime thriller on his hands if he had only stuck with this basic plot and characters.  Even the long flashback dealing with San, a Chinaman kidnapped to work on America's transcontinental railroad was interesting (and directly pertained to the plot), although, for the most part, very dryly narrated.  By the time Mankell got back to present day Sweden, I was beginning to get a little hazy on some of the murder details and the Swedish characters.  I managed to get myself back on track only to find that Mankell had a long, boring harangue in store for his readers.  The author managed to move the side plot along eventually, but along the way he had one of his main characters read segments of political speeches that in real time were said to last four or five hours.  As I listened to Mankell defend the likes of Chairman Mao and Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe, I began to understand how the character's captive audience must have felt.This is a good book gone very, very bad.  It reads more as an excuse for Mankell to preach his own leftist political views than as a book to be enjoyed by mystery/thriller fans.  Had The Man from Beijing been properly edited, it could have been a gripping police procedural about a stunning crime.  As is, it is a tremendous bore about a stunning crime.Rated at: 1.5
This book is great if you are new to content writing or need a quick go to on your desk. Honestly though I wish I wouldn't have wasted my money. This book doesn't have anything that isn't already available for free by a simple google search. If you want a physical printed book to keep at your desk, I would say get this. But if you are like most people, a google search is just as easy and it is free.
difficult to use, actually easier to use a book, or the internet.  I'd avoid it, pay more and get a better source
When I saw the title of this book I thought the author would give me, a consumer, the goods on how to legally stop collection agencies should I ever go through that situation.  I thought I'd find out the loopholes and red tape.  I didn't.  I will admit I didn't read the ENTIRE book because I got bored.  The author, an investigative journalist, wrote about the days of working as an agent for a collection agency.  He wrote about how he couldn't do some of the tasks they wanted him to do and how his heart bled for people who were struggling.  He wrote about the differences of personalities between other agents:  some went for blood, some didn't.  Maybe what I wanted was closer to the end of the book and I should have continued.  I couldn't.  I enjoy investigative journalism.  I even did a bit of it in college.  But I really didn't learn anything  new.  We all know collection agencies are tigers and their agents (my term) can be obnoxiously rude.  This book could have been better.
For a completely theoretical concept of magical "Six Sigma", that makes companies to avoid risk there's just too many pages. There's a simple one-sentence proof against "six-sigma" concept: if an organization reaches such a level of quality, it inevitably stops innovating, because innovation leads to inevitable failures (even short-term) which will destroy six-sigma status. Once organization stops innovating and taking risks, it dies. Quite a self-destructing concept. Yet, interesting how many books will be written on it, and sold.
I read almost all of the reviews of this book and was very excited about reading it.  I'm on page100 and so far NOTHING has happened. I've exhusted all authors I like  such as Pollock, ludlum,land Cussler and Cornwell.  I'm  just glad I didn't buy more of Hunter.  How can approx.50 people be right  and 1 disappointed.  I don't know. But I do know if you like action don't  read or try to read this book.
Allan Ginsberg wrote in August 1972: "Some of Kerouac's writings of '52, particularly his Visions of Cody, are some of the most brilliant texts written about the psychedelic experience, especially the description of him and Neal Cassidy on Peyote." AND From October 26, 1974, Ginsberg writes of himself, which he learned from Kerouac: What I mean by "polish the mind," in that you actually do get an increasing awareness either through meditative or poetry which is another yoga, of the actual stuff, cita. And then it becomes a matter of being a very faithful secretary. You can't get everything, so you get as much as you can so you have something solid to work with. In other words, you're not doing something arbitrary, romantic, babble, bullsh*t, you're actually dealing with your mind stuff just like a painter's working with an actual landscape. Solid in the sense that it's real, it's objective, it isn't even your subjectivity any more, you're just objectively watching something move. So there's no long any question of egotism or self-expression or personal expression. All those theoretical things are like nonpracticing questions. But if you're actually practicing there's a real thing to work with, which is your thought-forms.""Chogyam Trungpa's principle of "First thought, best thought." That was kerouac's basic principle for his spontaneous writing, for the same Buddhist reasons of practical inquiry into the operation of the mind. Both Kerouac and Trungpa realized, and teach, a very simple thing, which is that the first way that you flash on a thing is the unselfconscious, naked, real first-mind way, which is totally private and odd, eccentric to you, but is so direct that anybody can understand it."At first, this book was way too muddled to be of much use for myself, not receiving much out of the book and feeling that I have invested way too much time for the read, but I think that's because I've been reading it as a novel like "On The Road," and this is more poetry or jazz style spontaneous prose. Actually, this book is from flashing mental thoughts that are suddenly inspired within the self. This book is not some preplanned novel and storyline and not at all the robotic, mechanical mindset of the propogandized America and therefore represents a breakthrough in American thinking, thinking for the autonomous self.I think if this book were given the publisher to publish before "On The Road" they would have agreed here on such being garbled and overly Proustian in attempt of remembrance. However, to the person looking for poetry or verbal prose over a story, and in this we have a jazz type expression of bebop in words and that makes this book a major change from the herd mentality of the masses. Hey, this is the beat rhythmic language, not Melville or Dostoevsky, but Proust and Celine.Now to be fair, there are some good descriptions and well written feelings through out the book, but not in volume. Now don't get me wrong, I'm a Beat Hipster I would like to think, a Nietzschian, a mystical, philosophical seeker into spiritual, psychedelic and karmic realms, but maybe not the existential, Benzedine type. This book is largely garbled ramblings?? Or is just too poetic for me? I can appreciate the long "bird" Parker-like jazz of the spontaneous sentence styles, the overly descriptive emphasis on observable flashes of insight, but this story has no story line, ok-it's poetry or electic prose. So it's verbal dynamics in avant garde, not a novel then, and I guess I'm failing to fully appreciate it.When Kerouac gets Celine-ian he works very well, but when he enters his Proustian attempt at daily observations, he becomes cloudy in tangent ramblings of private memories, non-relating to his current observations that are over detailed and nonsensical in the first place. His dope-riddled conversations and past remembrances enter back doorways in winding pathways of the red neon lights.Now Ginsberg's introduction to the book, that I found both enjoyable and very understandable. Allen Ginsberg in a November 26th 1968 interview, from the book, Spontaneous Mind, page 132, writes on Robert Creeley and Kerouac's style of writing:"Creeley was talking about how his writing was determined by the typewriter, neurasthenias of his habit; mine is determined by the physical circumstances of writing, i.e., literally that. And I got that actually from Kerouac, who was that simple and straight about it. If he had a short notebook he wrote little ditties and if he had a long . . . a big typewriter page, he wrote big long sentences like Proust."I think this agrees with Visions of Cody, in consisting of either short "ditties" or "long sentences like Proust," all depending on the writing pad Kerouac was using at the time of writing. To me this makes a whole lot of sense in the arbitrary, elusive and haphazard style of this book.What appears to me as the Kerouac trademark: a jazz styled prose of spontaneous expression from the "real," non-conditioned, non-image-to-portray self, an existential life of despair in fast paced living with the rush of jazz, drink, sex, travel, under the literary and scholarly ideals of avant garde sophistication, adventure, desires, seeking new discoveries, walking places one never has been before, risk taking and traveling, all so under this empty void of utter lonely existence, devoid of substantial meanings of foundational holds and securities, walking in the desert not knowing when water will appear and if it does, if this water will sustain life or poison it. So there's this emptiness, this sadness of it all in the modern man and woman, both subterranean and beatnik.Remember-able observances in my mind: Kerouac's staring up at a man in an apartment building watching and writing and suddenly the light goes off! He saw him!; a description of a church that failed all gothic tests into the modern brown brick suburban model of tackiness with the stupidest shrubbery to boot; Cody's (Cassidy's) hobo father walking the train tracks looking for a fix; Cody's pool hustling and challenged football playing from a jump out of the car, left on the side of the road.
After the intellectual Left killed off God, they found themselves staring into the abyss; absent God what is the meaning of life?  There have been many, mostly feeble, attempts to answer this question.  The most disastrous have, of course, been Darwinism--we exist to propagate the species, Hegelianism/Marxism--there are World Historical forces in control and Existentialism--existence is it's own point.  Saul Bellow seems to fall into a loose grouping with the Existentialists and The Adventures of Augie March is essentially an existentialist tract.  In a return to the style of the picaresque novels (i.e., Tom Jones), Augie March bobs along from Chicago to Mexico to Europe to an open boat in the Atlantic, experiencing life and meeting a variety of characters--observing without judging, experiencing without changing, seeking without finding.  Critics claim that this is a life affirming book; but life does not need to be affirmed, it simply is.  One recalls Dr. Johnson's response to the argument that the material world does not exist: he kicked a rock and said, &quot;I refute it thus!&quot;  The task before us as human beings is to find or bring meaning to life.  Great literature illuminates the human condition and reveals truths which help us discern this meaning.  Bellow fails in this basic task and does so at mindnumbing length.GRADE: F
This book can be summed up efficiently without one's having to read it.  The "case" here is that if you set your mind to something you can almost always achieve it.  Umm...and...?This book is in fact just another in a long line of books that tell you what you already know, but usually don't want to hear, for a small fee.  It's much easier to buy a book than do the things that cause one to be successful, like working hard, being persistent and patient; and in the end, this book basically says that's what you have to do anyway.  The author's only "new" caveat is that it helps to imagine your success and believe it's possible first.  Again...yeah...and...?I ran across this book through one of the unusual connections Bristol points out in one of his many case histories--I was looking for something and I found this.  I approached it with about as open a mind as is possible for someone with a decent education and a modicum of life experience.  At first I was intrigued...was the author really going to try to make a case that there's some new unheard of science to the art of belief and self-confidence that I'd not yet heard of?  The opening chapter was certainly enthusiastic enough to convince me to purchase the thing with a minmum of scanning through it.  You can certainly get the book cheap enough too, at least there's that.Upon reading further it became apparent that Bristol has little to say beyond his original premise.  To his credit, he's right:  it IS effective to approach something you want with the confidence that you can attain it.  And maybe he was the first (or one of the first) to point this out to the public.  However, immediately I began to find cracks in the veneer.  First off, Bristol asserts that you can have "anything" you set your mind to...later he'll add, quietly, that of course you have to have some other things, like job skills or experience, contact with people, etc.  Even later he'll conclude that really there is no substitute for hard work, and that to gain something any other way isn't going to work (example, that "most" gamblers end up poor in the end--and Bristol repeatedly uses this word, "most," without verifying which figures led him to this nebulous number, revealing more about his own morals than anything).My second curiosity about the book...the author writes with the assumption that what "most" of his readers are looking for is material gain, that they don't have enough money and want more. Aside from the greedy picture it paints of his readers, it seems pretty rude politics for Bristol to hint that he has the secret to financial success but must be paid before he'll reveal it...but then, isn't that what get-rich-quick seminars are usually about anyway?But worst of all, because the author has very little to offer other than common sense and some "pyschic phemonena" hooey that might have interested Stephen King when he was researching "Carrie," the majority of this book is filled with "case histories."  Much of them are Bristol's own accounts; there's something a little creepy about a guy who obviously has such good friends they'll loan him a tool just when he needs it most, and he attributes it more to his focused thoughts than their simple generosity, to say nothing of any mention anywhere of returning such favors to his friends, or being appreciative to the ether, or "whatever" (Bristol fortunately skirts religious issues for the most part).  I know people like this--people who get lucky in work or every day life and suddenly decide they were born with a caul on their face and have "special powers."  The other cases the author lists are tantamount to him asking friends for stories of their unusual phenomena, like a man who imagines a protective circle around himself.  Well...where are the stories of people who tried it and it DIDN'T work out?  I don't even have to do a poll, I can think of dozens off the top of my head; people who believed honestly and completely and worked as hard as humanly possible and it didn't work out anyway.  It's called "Life," and no one has ever been completely able to explain it.So should Bristol not have written?  It seems to be a popular book and I don't begrudge him his success, any more than I do Barnum.  That's "Life" too.  I DO, however, begrudge Bristol's rather insulting chapter on feminism where where he basically tries to point out, "Ya know, women are more powerful than we men give them credit for!"  There's another non-PC bit Bristol uses that's a little odd, a summation that includes a warning concerning an example of Englishmen working on plantations in jungle outposts.  As Bristol writes, "We all know what happens to a man living among uncivilized people--occasionally he goes native."Oops! I know this is an old book, but...It is this sort of prose that had me, by about Chapter 3, really annoyed with the author, his unfounded case histories and his ideas in general.  Again, I don't deny his original assertion has merit and if this book has helped people and not harmed anyone it is ultimately a good thing.  I for one am doing my part to get the word out that if you're really ready to work at feeling better about yourself, check out (no, don't just check it out, WORK it) "Feeling Good" by David D. Burns.  If you measure your success by material gain the only book you need is "Power" by Robert Greene.  They are big books and the ideas enclosed are complex, well-thought out and researched and without question life-changing; everything Bristol's book tries to be and is not, in my opinion.  I gave it 2 stars because it could've been worse.
Greenspan's mistakes caused the following:* The stock market crash of 1987* The Savings & Loan crisis* The collapse of Long Term Capital Management* The tech bubble of 2000* The feared Y2K disaster* The credit bubble and real estate crisis of 2007Absolutely not!  Each crisis has its own origin and consequence. Each case is a long Ph.D. thesis or more for the economist to do more research.Y2K is not a disaster. Everything that might go wrong, worked out well.  Yes, the real estate 2007 bubble is still a problem. But like anything else, there is always a buyer when the price is right.  In Manhattan, there is no real estate bubble.  Prices are still going up.America is still the leading country for investments for everyone.  Brazilian, Russian, Indian, and Chinese (BRIC)companies are all coming in the next few years to set up plants, buying our companies, stocks, bonds, mutual funds,hedge funds, using soverign wealth fund, cash, equity, debt financing, etc. Jobs will be created and prosperity continues.Greenspan or Bernanke is just one person. He cannot control or cause the bubble.  I agree that the title is good for selling books.  For that, I give two stars for W. Fleckenstein.  But I disagree with your analysiscompletely.
*DISCLAIMER* >>> I only read 140 pages of this book.What I Liked:-The sentences, their structure and variety.What I Didn't Like:-The post-modernism.  The book seemed more concerned with critiquing society than [something having to do with the characters/being human].
I do not recommend this book, because in my opinion it is poorly written and it fails in its stated purpose of "demystifying" Quantum Mechanics. In order to dispel mysteries, concepts should be clearly defined, but this author seems incapable of writing a clear definition. This book appears to have been written in a hurry and not adequately proof-read. Even someone new to Quantum Mechanics, such as myself, can easily find many mistakes. The extravagant claims made on the front and back covers should serve as a warning.Of all scientific subjects, Quantum Mechanics probably has the most mysteries, at least to the uninformed. Not only does this book fail to demystify; it doesn't even mention the more mysterious phenomena, such as the fact that a particle can be in many places at once, or that one particle can commumicate with another at a distance instantly (faster than light). In fact it doesn't even mention the paradox of Schrodinger's cat, which is illustrated on the front cover.Anyone seriously interested in learning this difficult but important subject should read instead the far superior "Quantum Mechanics" in the Schaum's Outline Series. For the mysteries the relevant Wikipedia articles should be consulted.
this book started with great potential. I loved the descriptions, the place, the people...by not quite half way through the book fell off a literary cliff. The writing became forced, the story cliche, and the characters two dimensional despite the author's attempts to show their growth and change. Again, the book begins wonderfully; there is great potential for a truly awesome novel, yet this novel does not live up to that promise.
It is unfathomable to me that anyone could give this book a positive review. I read in conjucntion with lectures and other books and was often left wondering if it was covering the same subject matter.  Part of the problem is that author embraces a function notation unseen in any other text on vector calculus. Nuanced topics like the jacobian with change of variables receive scarcely any presentation--the jacobian matrix just appears--unannounced, unnamed, unexplained. Even the discussion of simpler topics like multivariable limits are unintelligible. The title should read: "Advanced Calculus, Mystified".
Skipping Christmas is a short tale about what happens when Nora and Luther Krank decide to forgoe spending the $6100 that they spent last Christmas and take a Caribean cruise instead.  Predictably, the Kranks are soon facing a boatload of peer pressure to &quot;get into the holiday spirit&quot;.  Their neighbors are upset when they don't put the usual giant Frosty on the roof (thus costing them the neigborhood decorating contest), the printer is upset that they won't be ordering Christmas cards or party invitiations, their friends are upset there won't be a big Christmas party, the police association is upset that they won't spend $100 for a calendar...and on it goes.  As you can tell, what starts out sounding familiar and funny, soon drags on for too long.To make matters worse, after Nora and Luther drag themselves through each of these painful encounters, and you just start to begin being able to like them for sticking to their guns,  their grown daughter calls unexpectedly and says she'll be home in a few hours and is bringing her new fiance home with her, and she just can't wait to show him Christmas in the United States.  Do the Kranks do what a normal, reasonable couple would do and say, &quot;Well, we're sorry dear, but you didn't give us any notice, and you see, we've spent $3000 on a cruise and have plans to leave tomorrow.&quot;  No, they totally capitulate, hence throwing away all the effort they put into skipping Christmas to begin with.  They throw the $3000 down the drain and by hook and crook (and some really ridiculous scenes), and with the help of the neighbors who had been so snotty about them skipping Christmas to begin with, throw a big Christmas party for their daughter and her new fiance.The whole story was just ridiculous and predictable.  By the end, I just couldn't like ANY of the characters.  A neighborhood that thinks some family &quot;owes&quot; them Christmas decorations?  Good thing they weren't hindus.  Parents who think their grown daughter is too immature to understand that they don't want to flush $3000 down the toilet?  At the end of the book, I just felt like these people needed to get a grip, get a life, and get some priorities.  I'm only glad that it was a small book and didn't take up too much of my time.
I found this ponderous at times - I wish it had been shorter and more suspenseful.Mankell includes extraneous details that furthers neither the plot nor the characters. At times I wondered if Ireally cared about the characters - it seemed as if there was not a lot happening in the so called mysteryand not a lot happening in Wallender's life - it would have helped if Mankell had keptWallender worried about his lady love and if we heard more from his daughter. Itseemed occasionally we would hear about them but they weren't important enoughto Wallender - and I know he was thinking about the investigation - but suspenseis crucial I think in mysteries and I didn't think the suspense was well sustained.Frankly, this was too long for what happens in the plot and the characters' lives; Mankellseems to have padded out his book to sell it for more $$.
Although this book is interesting at times and it does contain some good content, there are also large portions of the book that are dangerously inaccurate. This book could have been much better if it went into more detail on the financial aspects of real estate investing, tips on choosing properties, etc. Instead, those parts were covered in relatively brief sections and there was much more detail on (a) the author's personal story and (b) rules and regulations.While the author's personal story was interesting, it's not representative of the "average" new investor and it took up far too much of the book.  Rather than using examples from his career to illustrate points, it read more like a tribute to himself. Unlike most of the people who will read this book, he had a high paying job and a healthy amount of home equity to get started, and his investments were made in one of the most profitable periods of time (and when funding was relatively easy to come  by). That's not to say the results couldn't be achieved in today's markets, but it would certainly take more skill to get started now.Perhaps because this particular author had plenty of funds to get started, the sections on financing tactics were very weak, with little depth. There are quite a few books out there that offer superior coverage on these topics - especially for individuals with less than perfect credit or few existing assets.The sections that discussed various laws and acceptable practices were dangerously inaccurate in some places. The author may have been citing the correct rules for his state, but I compared it against rules for the 2 states I've lived in, and there were significant differences. For example, he states that you can't charge more than 1 month's rent as a security deposit, but the state of California allows between 2 and 3.5 months' rent depending on the circumstances. He also states that the security deposit can be used as the last month's rent, but not every state allows that. Be careful and do your homework so you're compliant in the states where you intend to do business.If you enjoy reading books on real estate, you may still feel that this one is worth a read. However, I would strongly recommend that you look elsewhere if your budget is limited and/or you want to read just one or two books on the topic.
I read this book to understand where Dan Brown got many of his ideas for the DaVinci Code. It is well researched and documented. AS a thinking Christian of faith, I seek to understand.The authors exhaustively researched the Priority Scion, Knights Templar and the legends of the Holy Grail. In the end though, in making conclsuions that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene and sired a line who lived in France, the research is non existant and skewed. Since the authors can't find research on what really happened and what the Grail really is, they began to hypothesize and then tried to support it with scripture. Here begins the slippery slope from falacious reasoning. I.E. The authors conclude the Wedding at Cana was Jesus' and Mary's because of His mother Mary's authority in speaking to the servants. They leave out the line in the John1:2 which says, "Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding." This manipulation of scripture is just the beginning and is indicative of all the authors' research relating to Jesus and Mary.Anyone who studies the scriptures available, including the Gospel of Mary and Philip and Gnostic Gospels can draw their own conclusions. My advise is just don't draw them from felonious adaptations to support a wild hypothesis.If you are interested in what my own research concluded on this text, please continue reading.The authors also make much of the place of the crucifixtion and burial saying it was in a garden and not Golgotha and therefore the private property of JOseph of Arimithea, who was a wealthy secret disciple, and who also could have perpetuated the appearance of a resurrection by removing him or taking him before He died.  John's gospel says the women stood nearby, not as the authors claim, at a distance, which private property would have required. And if Joseph was a disciple he would not have made Jesus' mother stand at a distance. John says there was a garden at the place where He was crucified. He was not crucified IN a garden just because one was nearby. And just because Golgotha is totally barren in the 20th century does not mean it did not have a garden near 2000 years ago. As a geology student,I have seen what can happen to a completly lush area which becomes desert, let alone what can happen to a garden.They even claim that Jesus may not have died and that it was too much of a coincidence that he died right before his legs were to be broken, which would have led to his suffocation. They claim that Jesus orchestrated many things including the donkey on Palm SUnday to fulfill scriptures. Why would anyone orchestrate events to make sure he was crucified? They don't mention the miracles for which he was crucified and that he was a threat to religious leaders because of His power. All this is a real stretch because instead of trying to look for evidence, as they did early in the book, they are supposing that anything that doesn't support their theory is suspect and orchestrated. They read into the sciptures things that are not there and ignore other lines vital to the chapters, simply to support a wild hypothesis.After further reading in the Gospels of Mary and Philip, it appears Jesus and Mary had a very special, close relationship. Maybe they were married. His age would have almost required it. How does that make him a fraud? How does that relate to progeny in France and strange rituals of female worship? I just urge you to draw your own conclusions from your own research and not from someone who slants writings to support wild and controversial ideas to sell a book.
I also was not able to read this book as I like a plot, dialogue etc.I am bored when people talk interminably about themselves and thatis how I responded to this book.
The back of this book says for kids 4-8, but I think it should be for kids 0-2. Each page has about 4-6 words on it and one page has no words on it. My 5 year old didn't enjoy this book at all. It was way over simplified and didn't tell a story. The pictures were ok but it was not at all what I was expecting. This probably should have been a board book and not a real book.
Buy a used copy of Stephen Wolfram &#34;The Mathematica&#34;. It's dated and don't drop it on your toe, but if you are a beginner it's really helpful. It will take me forever to absorb even 2 percent of what it encompasses and it doesn't cover version 9. No matter. A great sourcebook for beginners or math majors just starting to use Mathematica. Oh, make sure you try Wolfram-Alpha. Incredible. Mathematica DeMystified is not worth a cent compared to the real thing as mentioned above.
The essence of this book as a predictable anti-Bush, pro-Gore rant from a member in good standing of the left leaning dominant national media is telepgraphed by it's title and picks up right from there in the intro and the first chapter.Regarding media bias, Kaplan does make an entry on the topic - not with respect to the effect upon the campaign of the coverage by the undeniable supermajority of members of the national media who self-identify as both Democrats and Gore voters, but rather the sinister effect of telephone calls by the Bush team to John Ellis, a bit player for Fox News who also happens to be a Bush relative.The book continues promptly in its descent.........Kaplan affirmatively states that &quot;no one could seriously dispute&quot; that Gore lost THOUSANDS of votes due to the butterfly ballot. And if the butterfly ballot isn't enough, Kaplan adds to that votes lost to a &quot;catterpillar ballot&quot;, a flyspeck in all the Florida tumult unknown to most people. On the other hand it's only &quot;possible&quot; that Bush lost HUNDREDS of votes in the panhandle due to the premature call of Florida for Gore, a possibility quickly dissmissed as unlikely, with no factual basis.The book is chock full of criticism of Bush and his team. Bush is a dolt - he compared the precinct by precinct battle in Florida to a city council race, which Kaplan describes as &quot;A prescient thought from a man not known for having them&quot;, coupled with a &quot;how would he know&quot; slam since Bush never ran for council.The first reference to Katherine Harris calls the elected Florida Secretary of State the &quot;GOP diva&quot; of the post election period.On the other hand, the criticism of Gore and Dems are backhand compliments, or harpoons for being disloyal to Gore.The biggest criticism of Gore? He started with the impossible task of associating himself with the Clinton era prosperity while disassociating himself from Clinton's personal behavior. He then dug himself into a irreversible hole by being so gracious he conceded prematurely, playing catch up through the entire post election process as a result.The Dem most criticized? Poor Ed Rendell whose crimes were his eagerness to criticize Gore for an atrocious campaign and to end the national nightmare on the night the Supreme Court handed down it's verdict by promptly accepting its clear outcome as final.Even the choice of field generals for the post election process provides insight into the author's clear bias.Warren Christopher is chosen by a brilliant and methodical Gore who fights his battles with deep thought. Christopher's career is summarized glowingly, emphasizing his diplomatic experience. Amazingly, Kaplan chooses to establish Christopher's credentials by referring to what has to be the crowning failure of Christopher's career as a diplomat - his lack of results in negotiating with the Ayatollah for the release of American hostages.The selection of James Baker to head the Bush efforts is portrayed only as a responsive countermove to Gore's master stroke. No description of Baker's diplomatic or management experience is even mentioned. Bush is ridiculed - he's portrayed as uninvolved in the selection process and the now familiar, one size fits all Democrat cheap shot is hauled out - Dick Cheney is the brains of the operation who chose Bush's field general for him. The report of these developments is capped with more ridicule - it seems the Bush campaign committed the cardinal sin of using the same adjectives to describe Baker as a man of impeccable credentials as Gore used to describe Christopher earlier. In other words, he's so dumb, he can't find his own adjectives.If you are a pro-Gore supporter who wants to believe that the election was stolen from you, this is the book for you.If you are a Bush supporter who wants to know what your opponents think, this book is for you.If you are a person seeking objectivity, this book is decidedly not for you.
I purchased this book at an airport while waiting for a flight.  It was prominently displayed in the business section of the bookstore (perhaps that should have been a warning).  The book includes endorsements from such august figures as Alan Greenspan, Seth Klarman and Michael Spence, yet I doubt if any of them actually read the book in its entirety. Moreover, Mr. Greenspan works as a consultant for PIMCO (also the employer of the author).The book makes some decent macro-orientied observations but none of them are really new or unique.  Moreover, the writing style is ponderous and prolix.  The typical, individual investor can skip the first five chapters and go directly to chapter six, where you will find a recommended portfolio.  However, there is nothing especially enlightening about the portfolio he recommends.  (He also fails to mention the tax issues surrounding TIPS).I was surprised at how he rather cavalierly addressed index funds vs. actively managed funds when discussing equity allocations.  I understand that he didn't want to get into the active vs. passive debate, but I was expecting more from someone with his background and expertise.  For example, he suggests that retail investors use Lipper and Morningstar (bottom of page 203) to gain "insights" into this process.  However, he doesn't say how using these services will lead one to pick a superior actively managed fund.In addition, although the book was published in 2008, it would have greatly benefited the reader if it had included more discussion and insight into the events and implications surrounding Bear Stearns, Fannie and Freddie.  At times (and I realize that this is not directly the author's fault) the book sounded outdated.  While hindsight is 20-20, both the author and the reader might have been better served if the book was released later to allow Mr. El-Erian to include more of his candor and insight on these important developments.
I found the book to be an easy read because the author wrote in a conversational, and often humorous manner. However, what I found disturbing and difficult to learn from was that, even though the author included a lot of code in the book, there were almost no screen shots of what should be expected of the code. It made understanding what was being explained difficult because there was no visual side to the code. Also, he talked about the ability to hide pages and using a method to unhide those pages for debugging purposes, but, again, should have included screen shots to demonstrate his techniques. Unfortunately, I will have to find another source to help me learn this topic.
Seems like a very amateurish production.  I'm still confused as to how to use the materials.  The CD is almost worthless (it's filled with stories, but doesn't teach you the basics of pronunciation).This product is a shame because it appears to be one of the only audio Latin programs available.  I'm going to renew my search though.
Complete waste of money. This book is Marketing fluff and thrash gossips.I also got the broke CD and it is the same fluff and thrash.I feel ripped off.Want to read about Turtle trader methodology then buy the book "Technical Analysis of stock trends" and find it in the last Appendix.
The good: Well-organized, and with a title that says exactly what it is: Readings, Self-Assessments and Applications. For the most part, the chapters flow well from one to the next: Intro to Leadership, Leader-Follower Relationship, Personality Motives, etc. Writing is good, not easy, but precise.The bad: Horribly dated. In the 6th Edition (2011) I expect to see studies that are up to date, or if outdated studies must be used, explain why. EG "Senge (1990) suggest that accompanying the emergence of the learning organization, a new leadership role emerges. The role of the leader . . . will be that of designer, teacher, and steward."Seriously? Taking a 1990 study as a "new" idea? And I don't think it was all that new in 1990.  The chapter on sex and gender repeats this mistake, using 1990 measures of "differences" between male and female leaders. Lest we forget, 1990 was before the Anita Hill hearings, before Ruth Bader Ginsburg was on the Supreme Court, before Don't Ask Don't Tell, before Zoe took her place as the first featured female muppet on Sesame Street. It is beyond useless to use a 1990 study on gender in 2011. But using 1990 information I should not have been surprised that this chapter was mostly about keeping gender roles, stating that women tend to be nurturing and men autocratic, without challenging those statements or even looking for the origins.The leadership factor of carefully cultivated image is glossed over in the chapter on "charismatc leadership," which is a great loss--we know the Martha Stewart, for example, owes more to her image than to her actual cooking. Mother Theresa and Diana Spencer also accomplished a great deal due to carefully made images that didn't quite match with their day-to-day lives.  Also, as another reviewer noted, the servant-leader is not given much space, and in this time and place, should be. It was dated at the least and myopic as well to just gloss over such an important concept.Inadequate index is another problem. Reading my chapter, doing my assignments, and wondering: who is that researcher again? I know it was THIS chapter--never mind, I'll just use the index. Time and time again the person or the concept I needed was not in the index and I had to re-read many pages before finding the information I needed. In a textbook this is unacceptable.While there is a lot to be learned from this book, when I pay for a nonfiction book, a textbook, I expect it to be up to date and usable. This is not a book to be read for pleasure and I doubt I will open it again after this course is over. It is too flawed a book to be worth 105 dollars.
The book that is advertised, and was paid for, was not the same. I was told I was getting the 14th edition, and actually received the 13th edition.
For a first novel about a Scandinavian detective to be set in Australia seems odd. The characters seem odd too - Aboriginal boxers, a beautiful Scandinavian woman conveniently present, a bisexual clown - really?. And the reader knows more about a drunk in the park than about the Australian police or the murderer. On top of it all, Harry is not a particularly sympathetic character. The dialogue and conversations also often seem unnatural. All in all, the story is OK, but all the odd characters and plot devices make the story awkward. I'll try one more and hope it is better.
I am a big fan of Michael Crichton's novels and have liked all of them, so it came as a surprise how bad this novel is. The story starts out very interesting like all his work, but after few chapters it goes downhill. Each new chapter gets worst than the previews one. By the end of the book I was hoping for something good to happen, but nothing ever did. I'm still amazed how Michael Crichton put his name on this atrocity. It should have been called Timecrap.Avoid at all costs.
Ok, I admit it was my fault for thinking that Breathing Underwater would be a fairytale retelling of The Little Mermaid, but I mean, that IS what Alex Flinn is known for writing... However, we follow Nick through is Diary and trips to Anger Management and we see how he is abused and how he becomes the abuser in a romantic relationship and honestly, a little after being half way through I saw where this book was heading and was over it. Nick is a character who is really difficult to like, it is hard to be like "oh poor boy, who was abused". Personally, just skip it.
The story falls flat from its hype.  The character development is weak, and the "international espionage" aspect is weaker. I could not believe the characters, and the author fails to build tension with the plot.  I had bought the book with high hopes, and was very disappointed.
I was expecting more. The illustrations were in black and white  and were very hard to see. I think if is a survival kit it should have been in color. I was looking for ideas (lessons) for each grade level. Instead I was given characteristics of the child. I would not recommend this book.
I am so sorry I purchased this book.  The authors have disguised a history lesson into a mystery.  Actually, there was no mystery. The characters were unlikable and highly unbelievable.  The long drawn out plot, full of fluff, was too much. I am surprised I made it through the entire book.  I stayed up late reading, hoping that some big secret would be revealed in the end.  I was wary of the DaVinci code because of all the hype so I chose this book instead. Now I am reluctant to read Davinci! If you are absolutely fascinated by the Italian Renaissance, this book is for you. However, if you only have a passing interest, get ready to be bombarded by historical facts and characters who are too smart for the average reader. Save your money. Get this one from the library.
I admit i haven't read the book yet, but my boss says I'm supposed to. My impression is that it encourages us employees to make new opportunities for ourselves when old ones fade. My question is: Who does my boss think HE is in the story? A character looking for 'cheese'? I think he's assumed for himself the role of  GOD,  looking down on the whole thing, creating difficulties for us mortals to overcome. Why do I think this?: Because, (no offense to God), my boss doesn't do -anything- but add new duties for no added reward. I.E.: It's HIM that's MOVING the cheese. Thus, the problem'd be solved if he'd simply go back to doing nothing, which is what he's best at.
I can't remember who recommended this book to me, but it must have been a trusted source because I didn't research the reviews before ordering.Bad decision.I could tell one chapter into this book that it was not for me. The concept is just strange, and it seems to focus more on the "romance" that happens between the characters than plot development. To be honest, I couldn't even finish the book, and instead of re-selling it or passing it on, I decided to just recycle it to save someone else from opening this horrible book.
This is one of the great books of all time, but don't buy it right now on Kindle.  The Kindle version is broken.  If you buy it, you won't be able to sync it, or save notes or highlighting, or share, or access the dictionary.  But that's nothing.  The biggest problem is that you'd better like the Preface, because you'll be seeing a lot of it.  Everytime you leave Kindle and come back (or if your device times out or sleeps), Kindle will totally forget where you were and instead will return you to the first page of the preface.  There is absolutely no way to get it to remember where you were, as it does with all other Kindle books.Amazon is working on fixing this, but they claim to be unable to remove the Kindle version from the website while they're working on it.  So if you buy it, you're just going to have to call customer service to get a refund (which they will definitely give you).Worse, they won't tell you when it's fixed!  The only way to find out, they say, is to keep buying it and keep calling for a refund if it hasn't been fixed yet.  When you don't have to call for a refund, that's how you'll know it's fixed.  At least, that's Amazon's policy, they say.When it is fixed, I'll post a revision to this review.  Until then, Amazon deserves no stars and is seriously messing up.  Grrrrrrr, Amazon!  :( :( :(But DO come back for the book.  It may change your life as it changed mine when I read it decades ago.  I had come back to buy it electronically to read it to my husband on a car trip.  We were pretty unhappy, to say the least, but will look forward to picking up at some future time when Amazon's technical team gets this fixed, as they've promised they'll do.
I was struggling some with interest in this one already so when the F word started showing up I deleted at 7%. Not interested in reading books with profanity.
Another example of taking a very exciting subject and making it dry and boring.  Academic writers must get paid by the word.  And don't get me wrong--I love to read, especially non-fiction, and I'm a very good reader, but this author is so boring I wound up going online and reading about all the stage and topics I needed to learn for class.
You can't go too long these days without hearing about the housing  mess America is mired in  today.  The media is rife with an endless deluge of information (or perhaps more appropriately labeled infomercuials) tauting  government and  private programs to help people stay in their homes and lower their mortgage payments.  So just how did we get into this predicament?  Well according to Carolyn Warren, author of Homebuyers Beware, a big part of the blame can be attributed to unscrupulous loan agents.  Warren is a mortgage industry veteran with over 20 years of experience - working in retail and wholesale lending at large well known firms before becoming an author and adviser to the masses in need of help understanding the complicated process of financing a new home purchase or refinancing their current mortgage.Based on  Warren's telling, it seems that loan agent rip-offs are commonplace.  Buyer beware.  She tells stories of loan agents who brag about pilfering tens of thousands of dollars on a single loan from unsuspecting (and unfortunately misinformed) victims.  Only worse is the fact that many of these victims later find themselves  anchored to a mortgae too heavy to lift because of they did not fully understand all the terms of their loan when they originally closed.  In this book, Warren explains to  the reader how to look for the signs of a scam or a loan agent who is more interest in his/her own interests and not working as an advocate for your needs.  She takes you through the loan process and explains the intricacies from different types of loans to credit scoring to how to make the best of and even recover from forclosure and short sale situations.  She really takes you from A through Z of all you could want or need to know about finding a loan for a new purchase or refinancing your current mortage.  Throughout the book, she also highlights best practices in each of the sections as well as poor practices which should be avoided.Without doubt, many of the anecdotes were eye opening to say the least. For the first time home buyer,  this book offers a helping hand to steer you clear of the many  traps  waiting to be sprung by the loan agents' avarice and mis-guided moral compass.  At last, all is not to despair as Warren assures that there are honest and commendable loan agents out there to be found.  And if all of her advice could be summed up in just one golden rule, it would be that the single most important factor that determines success or failure is finding the this person, no matter how long it takes.  Not unlike the effort you've made in finding just right home, you will not regret spending equal effort in finding the right loan agent for you.  Not a  small feat but one you will appreciate all the more with time, just like your dream home.
This is a bad book with a story line that is fairly simple. There are two young girls, both pregnant and both claiming to be virgins. One, Kathleen, rich and privileged, lives in the United States. The other, Colleen, lives in a small country village in Ireland. According to a secret missive from Our Lady of Fatima, one virgin will give birth to Satan's child, the Anti-Christ, while the other will give birth to the child of God, a new Messiah.Meanwhile, all over the world apocalyptic manifestations are sprouting up. Pestilence, drought, famine, and and other evil portents seem to dominate the global landscape. Something strange is going on, and it appears as if the forces of good and evil are gathering about, girding themselves for one final battle.Father Rosetti, an emissary from the vatican, has been entrusted with a secret mission by the Pope relative to these two young virgins, and it is one that will sorely try his faith. Meanwhile, former nun turned private investigator, Anne Fitzgerald, has been retained by the Archdiocese of Boston to look into the phenomena of a possible immaculate conception with regards to these two young women who inhabit disparate worlds. Anne must not only confront the unknown in order to assist these two young women, she must also confront her own powerful emotions and a destiny she could not have imagined.Written in 1980 and originally released under the title "Virgin", this book has been updated by the author to make it appear as if it were a more contemporary work and released again under the title "Cradle and All". The book is riddled with ridiculous cliches from the horror genre and lacks any real tension. It has been released again to capitalize on the author's success with his Alex Cross series of thrillers. Unfortunately, it is not cut from the same bolt of cloth and lacks the quality of both writing and plot that earmarks his Alex Cross novels.
I enjoy reading the bio's of our nation's leaders.  Every author has a bias and the good ones cleanse their work of their slant.  It appears to me that Mr. Bruni or his editor didn't.Starting with the title word, 'Ambling', Bruni frames his subject as not having direction or lacking purpose.  One does not amble into the Presidency, a governorship, the board room, or onto the national scene.  You must have some strength, convictions, and motivation that drives you to these goals.  A candidate can't aspire simply for a title, the office, or the limelight.  Bruni's work is devoid of any discussion on this or other subject matter that defines President Bush.After the third chapter, I stopped reading it word for word.  I tired of the constant drum beat of negatives, recycled Bushisms, and inuendo of no talent.  But don't take my word, here are some examples:Chapter 1:  [describing Bush in church] "As preachers preached and singers sang and a city prayed, Bush turned around from time to time to shoot us little smiles.  He scrunched up his forehead, as if to ask us silently what we were up to back there.  He wiggled his eyebrows, a wacky and wordless hello."Chapter 2:  [Bush's spontaneity]  "But Bush wasn't just flawed when it came to delivering previously written, endlessly repeated remarks; he was-in public although not in private-sometimes miserable at spontaneity".Chapter 3:  [Personal notes on Bush] "That night on the plane from Iowa to New Hampshire, I asked him whether , to make his journey more bearable, he kept anything special with him or make any adjustment so his hotel rooms.  It was then that he told us about his 'feather pillow'. . . . He liked what felt cozy and safe: . . . He wanted comfortable couches.  He wanted a comfortable bed.  He wanted a really good, comfortable shower. . . He preferred the old to the new, the tried to the untested.  He ate the same foods over and over, stocking his plane with peanut butter because that was his favorite sandwich ingredient.And so it goes.  Mr. Bruni covered President Bush during the campaign for the NY Times.  It appears that he has recompiled his articles into book form, and regurgitated them for those who didn't get enough the first time.  If you like to hear odd bits on every negative aspect Mr. Bruni can muster about President Bush, this book is for you.  If you prefer more serious biographies, stick with Woodward, Ambrose, Noonan, Klein, or Morris.
Trend Following (Updated Edition): Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Marketscovers a subject I am interested in but in a way that didn't work for me.  Those who believe in the strategy already may get some enjoyment out of reading through these strategies.  But for me, I found this book to be too broad in claims and light on details.I think some of the issues with this book stem from the title alone.  It's hard to read a title that includes the phrase "Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Markets" without expecting it to include some degree of technical guidance.  But this book is basically a tour of the current mind-share in the trend following world.  It includes some interesting profiles and ideas.  But it just did not include enough of the details supporting the various strategies in any way that could be useful from a training point of view.I did find myself in agreement with many of the principles that were covered.  And I found myself wondering about some others.  The author seemed to go off on tangents that did not support his central theme, but I can live with that.  It's the overall light treatment that left me wanting.CONCLUSIONThis author may have the content I am looking for in another text.  Just know what you are getting here.  After a prolonged period of time trying to find what I needed in this book, I am moving on in search of other texts from this author and others.  I suggest you start off by doing the same.  Maybe after reading a more detail oriented treatment, it will be easier to appreciate the general one provided here.
this book is terrible, i didn't get more than a few chapters into it! the writing stinks and the characters just don't cut it. this is a weak excuse for a story!
This book is a great example of the tactics used to bash women and feminists. It relies heavily on percentages without giving the reader the raw numbers, and it selectively quotes primary sources without giving the reader entire passages that contradict its central tenet: OMG, we gave women a little power and they're taking over.  Its greatest flaw, however is the way it fails to compare male crime rates and female crime rates. The stunning jump in crime percentages is possible only because the raw figures for women's crimes were so low to begin with.  Rather than raising an alarm for this, a more productive approach would be to ask why women in fact so many fewer crimes than do men.In sum: typical backlash literature, trying to prove that women are just as bad as men are. Reputable research says otherwise.
This book was a never-ending chase scene.  It started to wear thin very quickly.  Unsympathetic characters made it hard to read such a long book, especially when the point was to "get the professor".  Andre, the only remotely interesting character, goes from being a decent man on the periphery of the story to a crazed killer.  Chris is a whiner.  Kate is any number of generic characters who could have been stuffed in the spot of "third party member".  The illustrations made it feel like the author was talking down to his readers, because he couldn't be bothered to write better descriptions.  The ending was a cop out.  All the research in the world won't save a bad book from itself.Also, what's up with an arch dig being run by historians?  Certainly with all of the work the author did in developing the basis of this book, he'd know that archaeologists work on archaeology digs.  Honestly, I think that's the one detail of the entire novel that bothered me the most.
While the author creates an attention holder as was enjoyed in &quot;Silence&quot;, the story  doesn't provide a consistent characterization of Clarice that's believable.  As portrayed in this book,  Clarice is someone who didn't seem to relate to the character in the  previous work.  She's someone we don't know.  It almost appears that  Harris was under some pressure to complete this book, and took what can  only be regarded as a cop-out conclusion that leaves the reader wanting  more; more of the characterization true to the person of Clarice shown in  &quot;Silence&quot;, not of the limp clone that he portrays here.
I've tried a couple of times to read this book, and honestly, I never got past the first page. I think it's the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on a gullible literary world, and if James Joyce was sane (as I seriously doubt) then he must have had a huge laugh at its expense. However, I think he must've been totally nuts to write such garbed nonsense.I read the glowing reviews by other readers praising Joyce's &quot;genius&quot; and begin to doubt my own sanity. Is it possible I just can't read as well as I've always thought I can?However, I truly think they're just afraid to express their real opinion, after so many have called this thing a work of genius.
I'm a beginning user of Front Page 2000, and was having some problems  filling in the gaps of Microsoft's official publications, so I bought this  book.  While somewhat comprehensive, there are some key areas that are  lacking.1.  There is no section, and virtually no mention of  cross-browser compatibility.  This was a significant problem I was having,  as my pages looked fine to me, but AOL &amp; Netscape users were seeing  crazy fonts, strange tables, etc.  This book assumes that everyone uses  Internet Explorer.2.  It just skims the surface of the intricacies of  using tables, which are used extensively in web pages.3.  I found the  format somewhat annoying, in that anytime you looked up a feature, instead  of just explaining how it works in detail, it makes you build a web page  using that feature in order to see it.  This is very time consuming when  you're just looking for simple answers.4.  The &quot;Free CD of  software&quot; is pretty much worthless.  All it contains is free and  shareware easily found on the web, and in more currrent versions.5.  Some simple things are just simply missing.  I wanted to know how to make  thumbnails of my photos using Front Page's auto-thumbnail feature.  I could  find no mention of this anywhere in the index or TOC.  It may be in this  thick volume somewhere, but I could never find it.It does contain a ton  of information, just not as &quot;Complete&quot; a reference as I would  have hoped.
This book is just a depression thoughts of a  young teenager - showing his feeling and so on,HOnestly - DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK  -  it is useless whining and bitching of a young boy to the world of adults....nothing good here..the book is overrated 1000%
Interested in learning about the Gold standard, I turned to Steve Forbes first.  A fellow Republican and a trusted name in economic matters.  That was a mistake.The authors will list crisis after crisis since 1971, and tell you they wouldn't have happened if the gold standard still existed. As if the gold standard is the only solution.  The only pre-71 crisis they mention is the Depression, and correctly link that to a tariff.  No mention of other crises during the gold standard - like the Civil War, WWI, WWII, Vietnam, etc.  It felt more selective with every page turn.Then you reach page 148, where the authors actually define the gold standard.  Actually, four types of gold standards.  These definitions would have been more helpful before the 147 page list of crises.  I was assuming a different gold standard definition than what the authors were, and didn't find out until page 148.  In fact, the gold standard the authors recommend isn't one that has been used before, so it is doubtful any reader will know what the authors are trying to convey in the first 147 pages.Last, I've been paying attention these past five years, but apparently the authors have not.  Their recommended gold standard is the one most easily manipulated by its political managers.  The authors say it'll be &#34;backed by law,&#34; but what if the political class has criminal impulses and zero respect for the law?  They didn't put a lot of effort defending their choice, and I was left asking why we should replace a manipulated currency with another manipulated currency.I could go on, but I've wasted enough time with this book.
This book was ok but it wasn't what I expected. There were good parts but they were few and far between. I really couldn't wait to finish so I could read something I would enjoy.  I liked the characters but the story was unbelievable. All in all it was just OK.
Not the inspiration I hoped for.  It didn't hold my attention nor give me the food for thought the previews promised.
Who said liberals like this book?  Ugh.  If you want to read an affecting book about the poor and the dispossessed, try the &quot;Grapes of Wrath.&quot;  If you want to read a good crime novel, try Elmore Leonard, Kenneth Abel, or Janet Evanovich.
I am not a huge fan of Grisham but I have read most of his books. They make good reading when I'm traveling and want an easy read. The Last Juror was a mess of a book even for Grisham. The book began in Grisham style with some soft details about Clayton County , Mississippi. The plot was supposed to center around the rape and murder of a women by a member of a somewhat demented, reclusive family. When the jury begins to consider the boys guilt, the boy threatens to get them when he is released from prison. The boy is found guilty and sentenced to two life sentences. However, as a result of a loophole in Mississippi law at the time, the judge makes the sentences concurrent as opposed to consecutive as the jury had wished. Meanwhile, a young man from up north purchases the local newspaper and sets out to sensationalize the murder as well as other oddities about life in Clayton. The reader doesn't really know whether the newspaper publisher is a crudader or just another money mongering writer (a' la Grisham)looking for a buck. Most of the book meanders around about an elderly black woman who meets for lunch with the publisher for no reasons that are apparent to this reader. When the young boy is parolled from prison (with the Governor's help) two of the jurors are suspiciously killed. The book essentially ends when a wacho tries to blow up a building after firing at some townspeople, the publisher sells the newspaper (his motive to begin with) and everyone lives happily ever after - I guess. If this all sounds like useless and confusing information you have a pretty good handle on what you should expect if you read the book. Shame on John Grisham!!!!
I snapped up a copy of this because I read Tosches' Jerry Lee Lewis bio Hellfire years ago and loved it. Sadly, the dead-on brilliant writing of that earlier book is missing here. King of the Jews is a pretentious, rambling mess, almost unreadable in parts. Though I usually finish even bad books out of persistence, stubbornness, insomnia or for other reasons, I had to chuck this dog aside. I still think Tosches is a good writer and am going to give his Dino book a try, hoping for some of that Hellfire I remember him having.
The authors start with two parables, one of which is fiction, the other of which is simply wrong. They start with the urban myth of the harvested kidneys, which they show is a great story but not true. Then they tell the story of a guy who wanted to tell people that the saturated fat on popcorn is bad for you, and they show the "truthful success story" of how he managed to demonize saturated fat. The only problem with this example is that it's an even deeper myth, fabricated by Ancel Keys and other researchers whose work got them recognition and research money but was essentially made up. There is no link between saturated fat and heart disease - the authors bought this myth and try to sell it in their book as a good way to help others.There are some insights in this book, and a good focus, but it's nothing David Ogilvy didn't already write in the 80s. It's advertising 101, and one of their tricks is to try to explain why they are following in Malcolm Gladwell's footsteps. The difference is that Malcolm Gladwell looks for the truth and is willing to look past the conventional wisdom. Gladwell doesn't care about the wrapping. This book will help you put a golden wrapper around any message you like, whether you're the tobacco industry or Greenpeace. It's a retelling of the tried-and-true methods of selling anything, and it's all been documented in many other books on sales and marketing. Hypocracy? No. Just much ado about very little.Nice cover and title, though. They know how to wrap an old fish so it smells fresh and new.
Apparently I'm not allowed to do half stars. It was recommended to me by my business minded friend. I can see why he liked it, but it was absolutely not for me. Change has never been a huge issue for me. Conversely, I feel it is a good book for managers and business owners that are stuck in their own heads about business changes. I DO NOT recommend this as a non-business &#34;self-help&#34; book, as it's a really narrow way to view life.All if that being said, it was not well written. It was choppy and inconsistent and I won't be reading it again.
What am I missing here? The Kindle Edition lists the following contents in the title:The Jeeves Omnibus: Stiff Upper Lip / The Inimitable Jeeves / Carry On, JeevesThe picture of the cover shows the same stories. Yet, when I received the book on my Kindle, I find that it has three completely different books, two of which I already own! A dollar isn't a lot of money, but I feel ripped off.As for the stories themselves, they're great, of course. It's Wodehouse. Just be sure you know what you're getting. Click on the picture to "Look Inside" the book, and it will show what the actual contents are.
In paperback, Outlander, turns into an 856 page brick. This time-travel romance, is based upon the character of Claire Randall, who is swept away from her life in and marriage the 1900's and dropped into a life in the 1700's.  In her "new" life, she meets a cruel sadist who looks exactly like her husband, and a cast of Scots who take her in, though they to resemble Neanderthals.  James Fraser is a man she is first forced to love, but then grows to desire like no other. She is torn between staying in this time and finding away home to the man she first married.At first I was intrigued, but my mind would wander during some of the plot, which seemed to drag on for me. Much of this story is written in a Scot dialect, and some you will have no idea what was supposed to have been said, but in time my figure it out because certain phrases are reapeated, and you learn them via context. For example, "Ye kin we like her". At a certain point this grew stale with me.There is plenty of sex, but not all of it is concensual and a great deal of blood, fighting, disease and death. James Fraser is brutalized so many times, I expected him to have armour UNDER his flesh.The end (last 200 pages) of this book requires complete suspension of belief- which says a lot when we are already reading a time travel book.  I rolled my eyes numerous times and laughed when the story was not trying to be funny.
This book was given out to the top and middle management in our organization and rapidly became the flavor of the day. We peons were smothered with insider "cheese" references from apple polishers  for far too long afterwards. I managed to sneak a peek at this "book of wisdom" during my lunch break, and was less than impressed. The book's key points - stating the obvious using cute mouse/cheese imagery - were made in the first few pages of the book. These management fads have really  deteriorated in recent years. At least applying Miyamoto Musashi's "The Book of Five Rings" or Sun-Tzu's "The Art of War" to business exposed the  reader to literature instead of simplistic pap.
It seems that they tried to make a course book spending as little money as possible.  It is full of typos, sometimes they just forget the translation of the introduced vocabularly (e.g. chapter 3 dialogue 2) and you have to look about it at the dictionary. In every chapter, they introduce new vocabulary in exercises as isolated words (e.g. even root verbs!!) instead doing so inside the main text and then they expect that you remember it.  The terminology they use when they explaining grammar is a jargon that makes anybody that has finished Middle school very annoyed.  Not being unfair, I am at chapter 4 and I've enjoyed it till now, but I will continue with another course book.
I swear, that this book i awfull. I wasn't much of a fan for the first book. But this was horribale and more confusing. I think Thomas Harris Could've done better.If you Liked This Book check out the movie, soundtrack, The Silince Of The Lambs & Red Dragon also By Thomas Harris.
Come on, this in no way makes learning French easy.  I might as well have bought the paperback version.  It is simply a good summary of grammar.  No one I know is only interested in just grammar.  No pronunciation guide at all! No index to help find things! I find this simply an inferior product.  A much better buy would be Lliving Language French (beginning, intermediate, advanced). By contrast Living Language does it right--pronunciation, grammar, games.  For me, Easy French Step by step was a waste of my money.
I have this book because it is requred for the course in computer architecture I am taking. In addition to the stuff the other guys above wrote which is all true, it has the infuriating habit of placing figures overleaf the explanation for the figures.
I've seen these books everywhere, (That should have been my first clue - truly excellent books don't end up in the dollar resale bin) so I was looking forward to reading this when it turned up on my book club list. If you ever find out you have two weeks left to live, move to Mitford because every day is a freaking eternity! I would not have finished this incredibly boring, preachy, plotless book if it wasn't required reading for the book club. Needless to say, I'm not interested in the rest of the series. If you want to read about a bunch of lily-white, holier-than-thou, cutesy, unbelievable small-town folks (who must have some secret income somewhere, because their jobs and their lifestyles are completely incompatible), then this is the book for you. I thought it was one long snooze.
This book was recommended to me by a friend whose opinion I hold in high regard.  She said that this book profoundly changed her life when she read it many years ago.  However, it was only when I was more than half-way through the book that she decided to point out that there were only one or two ideas in the book that were worth exploring, and they came at the end.  The general concepts in this book are fascinating, but the approach that the author takes is hokey and confusing at best.  Even if you buy the premise that the author is channeling the voice of a spiritual entity who was once a 4th-century Pope, among other incarnations, the book is still going to be a disappointment.  Much of the philosophy presented is just plain rubbish.  And a lot of it is rehashed rubbish.  The author provides no new convincing arguments that our souls live on beyond the demise of our bodies.  There is one really interesting notion in this book, that every single thought that we have, whether we act upon it or not, is played out in an infinite number of alternate universes.  It's fascinating to ponder, but impossible to gain any practical benefit from it.  This book is basically a cult classic, very popular among people who already believe in reincarnation and the like.  But for the rest of us skeptics, it is not worth reading.
I hope that this is not the book that I burned. I really can't remember the name of the book I had been reading. It was in 1982 but at 9 hundred and some dollars for a copy and that  book is ashes now. wow!  But I had to get the book out of the house. Creepy things started happening and I was scared to death so I got up in the middle of the night and put it in the garage. Several hours later, I still felt uneasy so I went out and burned the thing. It might be this book. It was one of them dealing with demon's. You don't need it in your house. I have read many supernatural books that never scared me.
I chose to use this book as the textbook for my Russian class because it was cheaper than Golosa or Nachalo.  That was a mistake.  The book includes all the grammatical information that you need to speak Russian, but a beginning Russian student needs more than just grammar.  I don't know the author of this book, but I'm guessing that he doesn't place much importance on teaching.  It seems he still adheres to the grammar-translation approach to teaching Russian.  The organization of the book is confusing, neither thematic nor grammatical.  The exercises are brief, and could have easily been lifted from a Russian textbook that was printed in the 50's or 60's.  Frankly, I don't know why this book has gotten such rave reviews, unless it's being compared to not having any book at all.  It's a lot cheaper than a real textbook, but there's a reason why it's cheaper.  If you want a cheap way to learn Russian, check out the Berlitz Self-Teacher from the library.
I decided I was going to read this book and find out what all the fuss is about. Since I am such a avid reader, buying books can get pretty expensive and my local library lacks a good selection in books or they have a waiting list of 100+ people. I decided it was worth the money and went ahead with the buy. After reading just the first page, I realized this book was going to be the death of me. My first thought was "what horrible writing...." then it was "how is this worthy of reading!?" but I was set on finishing it since I used the little money I had to buy it. After some time my friends noticed a change in me, they asked me why I no longer hang out with them. I told them because they are all a bunch of god****** phonies. I knew the book was poisoning my mind and I had to get myself free from it's brainwashing. But I paid for the book so there for I MUST finish it, I can not let another book go unfinished! One night my phony friends snuck into my bedroom as I was sleeping and pried the clutched book out of my hands. Everyday I am thankful for that night. I know they saved my life from that god****** awful awful book.
For anyone looking for a real mystery about books, definitely pick up "The Name of the Rose" or "Shadows of the Wind" instead.  "Codex" is nothing more than a cheap, poorly written thriller.  Yes, it's readable, and mildly compelling, even if you can get past the cheesy prose.  But even as a page-turner/thriller, it does NOT deliver in the end.  This has the lousiest, most anticlimactic ending in the world...as if the author had to fit the book into X number of pages and suddenly realized he only had five pages left and none of the plotlines tied up at all.  Beyond that, though, the characters are cheap cliches, entire chapters that should be a thrilling hunt or chase are dull, and Grossman just plain cannot write.  He throws in the kind of "flourishes" that you can tell he is proud of, like a fifth grader using a metaphor in a short story he writes for school.  Beyond all that, he has no skill at generating suspense; in one chapter where the characters break into a library, instead of adding tension by offering clues, or having them pursued by someone, he merely fills the pages with a list of places they search for the book.  Dumb dumb dumb.  If, like me, you're willing to read on just to see where it's all going, as I said before, the ending is thoroughly unsatisfying.  My advice?  Don't even start.
Engagingly written, broad in concept, Salt, A World History, contained so many errors that I felt nothing the author wrote could be trusted.  For a list of 47 errors, including those found by other readers, e-mail me at kauffman37@yahoocom
Welcome to Princeton and get ready to meet some of the class of 1999. Four seniors, Tom, Paul, Charlie and Gil are just weeks away from graduating. While most seniors are simply itching to live, Paul has yet to finish his senior thesis, about a mysterious 15th-century manuscript, the Hypnerotomachia Poliphil (which is a real book). It turns out our narrator Tom also has some ties to the book, for his late father was a Renaissance scholar who spent his life trying to decipher the embedded codes in its pages. It is the Hypnerotomachia who brought Tom and Paul together in the first place, but will it now drive them apart? Add some murder and romance into the roommate's quest to unlock the Hypnerotomachia's mystery and you've got a fast-paced thriller. It's a bit dense at times, and I did have to read some parts over and over to get them, and I also felt the story went on a bit too long and could have been chopped down. Not horrible, but not excellent either.
Useless drivel from the One Minute Author. The message seems to be "Change will happen, deal with it". Hey, folks, change has been happening ever since earth was created. If you didn't know that, where were you the last 50 million years? The author seems to think that we are not aware that the world is changing. I read this book at the bookstore during my lunch break, and definitely did NOT buy it. After reading the book, I wish there were more people like "Hem", stubborn, and resistant to change. These people die off and leave a lot more of the new cheese for the rest of us. I would rate this zero stars, but 1 star is the lowest rating they have. Leave this PoS on the shelf.
I know that many of you are going to dislike this review reflexively.  This is because you "know" what the author "knows" about the flash crash.  All I can say is that what hurts you in this life is not what you don't know but what you know that ain't so.I have to confess that I was taking a short nap on May 6, 2010 and wasn't quite at the controls of my trading operation in Tulsa that consists of a couch and my $500 laptop.  I woke up at the tail-end of the event and, though my portfolio was sucking wind on that day, I like to think that it was an expensive nap as I missed a few opportunities to use my HFI (my High Frequency Index finger) to click on a few opportunistic buys at TDAmeritrade.This book is written by a columnist for Barrons (a sister publication of the Wall Street Journal and related to the folks who publish the Dow Jones Index). Coming less than a year after the Flash Crash on what would have been my mother's 93rd birthday, the book is bound to sell a bundle of copies.  Those sales will probably be helped by the two page write-up in, guess what, his employer's weekly publication Barrons.OK they'll sell a lot of copies.  Likewise, Kimberley-Clark sells a lot of toilet paper.  The authors could have come up with a catchier and shorter title than "Crapshoot Investing" - I would suggest "Crap".  Please don't let me dissuade you from buying and quoting this timely book.  I'm sure that quoting it will earn you a few points at cocktail parties, but please don't believe the story.Now that I've got your attention and no doubt many of you have already decided to dislike my review.  Let's get into the details.  The book has two main axes to grind.  First, that high frequency traders (HFT) have the advantage of seeing prices before mere mortal investors get a chance to see them.  Second, that somehow the HFT folks caused the flash crash by kicking in their algorithms and selling into the crash.  Let's deal with these allegations in turn and then let's throw in a few facts instead of just spouting anecdotes about outraged senators.There is no doubt that having faster access to the markets gives people something of an advantage over folks who don't have that access.  If I am a market maker or "scalper" I'll pay good money to have faster access.  It has always been so and this is not a new phenomenon.  Seats on the old exchanges sold for huge prices precisely because of the value of that faster access - although that value was enhanced by specialists' access to the order book and larger transaction costs in executing trades.  Today, my HFI or my magic finger executed several trades, each for a couple of thousand shares or about $90,000 worth of stock.  Each trade cost me $7 in brokerage commissions (there are cheaper brokers out there) and the bid-ask spread was $0.01 per share - meaning that if I lifted the offer on buying and hit the bid on buying the round-trip cost for paying the bid-ask spread on a buy and then a subsequent sale of those shares would have been all of $20.Compare this situation to the bad old days back in the early 1970s.  I'd have been paying $1,800 in commission to my broker on $90,000 worth of shares bought or sold because the commission rate was fixed at 2%.  Let's not even talk about the bid-ask spread as an extra cost.  Incidentally, my $1,800 order would have been phoned in and would have given my broker a window of about 5 minutes to give me the worst possible price if I happened to submit a market order.  Even if I submitted a limit order to protect myself, I wouldn't get my shares if the price moved in my favor within that 5 minute window.Let us fast forward to about 5 years ago - just before regulation NSM (one of the alleged villains in the book) kicked in.  My brokerage commission for online orders may not have been $7 but it would have been pretty close.  The bid-ask spread might not have been just $0.01/share - at some point it quit being $0.125/share.  I forget the precise date but it wasn't much more tha 5 years ago.  A bid ask spread of $0.125 works out to a round-trip cost of $250 on a 2,000 share order attributable to the bid-ask spread.  That's higher than the $20 I pay now but a whole lot less than the round-trip brokerage PLUS the bid-ask spread in the bad old days.So where am I going with this?  Well, online trading has changed the entire cost structure faced by retail investors.  I can sit on my couch with my $500 laptop and do large (for me) round-trip trades for very low brokerage and roun-trip slippage costs.  Now, I must admit that if the price information I see is 30 seconds late then I face extra slippage because I am at an informational disadvantage. On most days this is practically irrelevant.  First, I don't face a 30 second lag - it is mroe like a 1 second lag. Second, that lag just introduces noise that can either act in my favor or against me.I will concede that folks who pay $50,000/month to have their computers sitting right at the exchanges do have an advantage.  Heck, even if they do that, they'd have an advantage over me and my HFI finger sitting on the couch in Tulsa.  Because of the distance between Tulsa and New York they'd have an advantage of at least a couple of milliseconds over me due simply to the speed of light limiting how fast information can flow between New York and Tulsa and back again.  Of course it was always so - even when it was a person standing in New York instead of a computer - and those people paid mightily for their stock exchange memberships in the bad old days or their computer "colocation" today.  All I know is I get a better deal today sitting on my couch.  A couple of milliseconds latency between Tulsa and New York is no big deal to me.  I guess  I could add to those milliseconds another second or so because of internet delay - or I could pay mightily to have an exclusive slice of a dedicated fiber-optic path to eliminate the internet delay.  None of it really matters.  I am way better off today with milliseconds or even a second of latency than back when I'd give my broker a 5 minute free shot to pick my pockets.So let's agree that HFT folks have an informational advantage of a couple of milliseconds or even a second if I have a cheap internet connection.  That's OK in my book.  It's vastly better than, say, waiting a day or so to make sure that every sentient being on the planet has the chance to know about the bids and offers out there.  If we slow down information transfers to "make it fair" we move to something like a Harrison Bergeron world in which we are all handicapped to make us all equal.Let's also agree that any deliberate delaying of price information by exchanges is wrong. I agree with the author on that one.  Holding up that information and giving HFT traders undelayed information is wrong.  This is different from them exploiting the laws of physics and paying to be physically close to an exhchange.  Let's also agree that intentionally cramming data into the consolidated exchange ticker feed to slow it down is wrong.  These practices are easy to police if you have half-way alert regulators.  And they still are not the core problem which follows later in this review/polemic.Now let's deal with the second issue of whether or not HFT trading caused the Flash Crash or somehow made it worse.  In this context it pays to think of the universe of retail investors and many institutional investors as a large herd of buffalo.  Once that herd decide to move, there's not much you can do to stop it.  HFT traders basically make their money by getting in there first to "scalp" the bid-ask spread.  When they do this well, they lower the cost of trading.  Their ideal day is when they make a million buy trades at just about the bid price and another million sell trades at just about the ask price.  Net net, they don't own any more shares at the end of the day, they never had much of a position but they made a boatload of money from a million round trips capturing the bid-ask spread.These folks and their "bots" are not out there to bet on the market.  They are simply out there to "scalp" the order flow and in the process make the market cheaper and more liquid on a normal day.  On an abnormal day, these folks are simply swamped by the tsunami of selling that the ten or or twenty trillion dollars of stock that the buffalo herd commands,  It has always been this way.  It was this way in 1929 on Black Friday and again in 1987.  It is still that way and it always will be so.Let me give you some facts about the crash of October 19th 1987.  This was before people had "bots" or automatic execution.  On that day, a bunch of people and mutual funds decided to sell, having been unnerved by events on the preceding Friday and also by rumblings in Congress about a 1987 version of the infamous Smoot-Hawley tariff act.  The S&P; futures that day dropped 23%.  But the really interesting story is what happened overnight.  The "professionals" at the World Bank happened to be managing money for some poor suckers.  They decided to sell 1,000 Nikkei Index futures on the SIMEX futures exchange.  That is an order to sell futures representing about $115,000,000 worth of stock.  They submitted it as a market order. That single order represented more than half of the daily volume in the Nikkei futures contract at SIMEX.  So what happened?  Well, the preceding day, the Nikkei fitures had closed at 23,000.  The 1,000 contract market order got executed at 5,000.  Then the futures rebounded to close at 18,000 - or almost exactly down the same 23% decline that the S&P; futures had declined at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.  The "professionals" at the World Bank had managed to give away something like $65,000,000 by submitting a huge 1,000 contract market sell order into a chaotic declining market.  As far as I know, these quasi-governmental employees all kept their jobs and great tax and pension benefits.So, now we get to the real villain.  It's anyone who submits a market order.  Turn on the brain cells and submit a limit order.  Decide in advance what the highest price you will pay or the lowest price you will sell for.  If I am desperate to buy, I will always submit a limit order but I will specify a limit a couple of cents higher than the ask price to more or less guarantee that it gets executed.  It's like when I sell my $400,000 house.  Do I really want to sell it at market?  What happens if there is a snowstorm and the only buyer that shows up bids $1?  If I don't submit a limit order I am at the mercy of whatever happens, regardless of whether the market is orderly or chaotic.  So is the solution more regulation?  Only if the regulation somehow educates investors not to submit market orders on chaotic days or prohibits that type of order and does something similar with stop loss orders.Does the author make any of this clear? Of course not! Regardless he'll sell a million copies of a book that sounds like a great story but fails to educate any of its readers and does a pretty good job of deflecting attention from the derelict regulators and congressmen that deserve to be in the spotlight.
If one goes by the title alone, the book might have some of what one expects: stuff you can do with a soldering iron to hack stuff with one's NXT. However, the editorial review is very deceptive; it gives the impression that this book is something a more average (non soldering-iron) type of user would find useful.The book starts with what appears to be a history, but it's too rambling (who wants to know about "One Computer for every Child"). The part about the RIS (older sibling of NXT) goes on and on, and much of it is not relevant. The "Design" chapter has nothing to do with NXT: perhaps someone would like to build a tiny model of a container-house or the Seattle library, but what does this have to do with NXT.The mentions of NXT Elements and NXT resources is deceptive too, there's nothing there that is both useful and not already available in the NXT package from Lego.I'm going to list this book for re-sale immediately, and only wrote this review so that buyers know what they're getting beforehand.
First....anyone who gets this book will note that the print is exceedingly TINY!!! TINY to the max. I am not visually impaired!Then...it is huge and heavy.Too little  in the way of useful phrases.  such as ..."where can I find..."  ?Much too scholarly!  If chatting with Italian friends...and have a smattering of Italian...and they of English....not appropriate.I am buying  small , useful phrase and word dictionary instead. Will sell this to a used book store.
I purchased the book/cd package. While the dialogs inside the book are decent, the audio CD was a total disappointment. I would have been better off listening to Irish on the radio because the beginners' CD doesn't bother to break down the language; it starts at about sixty miles per hour and doesn't get any better. I accomplished more with a Hippocrene phrase book that didn't have a CD. I've learned three foreign languages and for each of them, the student is taken through steps; we learn the pronunciation of the vowels, consonants, and blends, which the Hippocrene book did. Then the student is given simple phrases (eg "What time is it?") at a slow or moderate pace, and we continue to build on the given theme. This "Teach Yourself Irish" is definitely the worst language course that I've encountered because it does nothing right.
I'm generally struck by Marikumi's surreal narratives and spare, lyrical prose, but Dance Dance Dance is pretty disappointing disappointing disappointing, with none of the kind of profound weirdness that makes A Wild Sheep Chase such a moving read. Here, the prose seems forced, the plot stilted and boring, and the characters lifeless--none of the magic captured in 'Sheep' crosses over into this semi-sequel. The lack of the Marikumi touch here makes some of the book's weaknesses ever more glaring, particularly the author's tendency to rush an ending after doggy paddling in characterization for 300+ pages...not his masterpiece, for sure.
It was the first novel by Rushdie that I have read and I have gotten through it only because of a succession of very long transpacific flights that I had to endure. Unlike many other novels that kept me very much awake during my travels, this was a perfect novel "designed for falling asleep". The book will NOT make the time seem to flow faster; just the opposite. You will do well skipping less interesting pages. The action is very slow and fragmented, much of the book is a rather immature childhood fantasy; a frequent consultation with an Indian (preferably of Muslim faith) is needed to understand many words. I was actually lucky that my flight companion was an Indian (but not Muslim, so he actually had problems with the meaning of some words!). The most interesting parts of the novel are around page 350, when the action moves to Pakistan. But you simply might choose to give up way before that. I would be curious if other books by this author are of similarly questionable quality but I am afraid to try.....Midnight's Children is a VERY strange choice for a Booker Prize.
Complex problems don't usually have simple solutions. Jane White, author of the catchily titled "America, Welcome to the Poorhouse", has created what I believe is known in the publishing trade as a "quick and dirty" book. It has a topical, eye-catching cover, taps into people's fears/concerns, and offers a lot of  finger-pointing and blame-gaming to the financial sector and the government. Throw in a few examples from other countries (Australia and Canada) and some generic advice about credit card debt, student loans, and home financing, and the hodgepodge is complete. The trouble is, if you are genuinely interested in improving your financial awareness, this book won't help. Its odd combination of statistics, cheerleading, blaming, and grandiose plans for restructuring our financial system ends up being so multi-pronged in its approach that we are left with very superficial and limited real-world use. Ms. White is listed on the jacket as being president of Retirement Solutions,LLC., a "401(k) reform and investment education" business.
This book is full of incorrect diet advice. There were several points that the authors tried to make that do not coincide with actual proven science. In the book the authors claim that fat is not filling. But later claims that you need small amounts for good health. It seems they can't get the information correct. It also claims that eating your carbs with protein is a good for lowering insulin response and losing weight. This to me seems reminiscent of The Zone (a much better book) of eating carbs, protein and fat in balance and limiting all three. My advice is to skip this book with its bad and sometimes blatantly incorrect 'science' and read The Zone or any book by Jack Challem. I have followed these diets and lost not only weight but aches and pains and allergies and gained better mental acuity as well as reversing my insulin resistant state.
This book is a waste of time, trees, paper and money, let's begin:The first part of the book is more or less regular, with that in mind and that the book has 400 pages or so and it could be written in less than 50 we will continue.The book goes out of the main story so many times that you really don't know which was that story, I would throw this book to the waste basket but this book wasn't mine so at least I didn't waste my money.The end of the book is just pathetic.P.S. I put two stars to this book because I know what is writing a book and just for writing it it has two stars.
My daughter brought this book home. I can see why many young girls like it, but as even my daughter noticed, it is poorly written. Kids deserve examples of fine writing, there is no need to dumb down vocabulary and grammar for them.There are books that are better reads and are also  better written. My daughter suggests the easy-to-read but well-written  series Dealing with Dragons, Searching for Dragons, Calling on Dragons and  so forth by Patricia C. Wrede, and I cannot disagree.
I love historical nonfiction but this one didn't impress me.the content was meant to show the abuse of the indian people but it was so biased that it lost credibility.the writing was choppy and didn't flow. I've read better on this topic.
Writing this review makes me sad. I used to be such a fan of this series and recently started watching a few reruns of Bones - the title character is a mash-up of Brennan as written, Reichs herself and a fictional socially awkward anthropologist. When I saw Bones of the Lost available on Netgalley I thought this might just the kick-start I needed to pick up the series again. Unfortunately, it didn't work out that way.Both the writing and the story just were not up to par.Writing - the prologue is written in almost all simple sentences. That can be used to great effect when done properly and sparingly. It went on for way too long which seemed choppy and amateurish (I really do hate saying that). I'm not supposed to quote from an ARC and I won't but it wasn't good. A writer has such a short period at the beginning of the novel to set the tone and draw in the reader. Didn't work. Another section was written primarily with questions. The MC asking herself question after question after question. This was almost worse than the simple sentences. I wanted to kick the book and couldn't because I didn't want to damage my I-Pad.Story - all of the little mysteries became interconnected. I know many authors feel they have to do this to make it a cohesive story. I would argue that point but will say that, again, it can work when done properly. In this case, the connections were so far-fetched and far-reaching that it did not make sense. The primary plot points were not very original either (human trafficking, war crimes, etc.) I felt that I had read it all before.Now I'm going to rant for a second. I'm trying to decide if I have changed so much as a reader or if many of these writers have just become either a) lazy, b) bored with their own characters or c) hired interns to do their writing. I can no longer read the Scarpetta series by Patricia Cornwell. I used to absolutely love that series but that last one I tried to read a few years ago was just painful. And, James Patterson, don't even get me started. Charlaine Harris, Tess Gerritsen (to some extent) and the list goes on and on. Now I have to add Kathy Reichs and it is making me angry.Maybe it is me. Maybe not.Ready for tears but I have to give this 1/5 stars.Thank you to the publisher for providing a copy through Netgalley in exchange for an honest review.
I bought this as a recommendation, but it was SO boring, even after a couple of chapters. I returned it. Lest you think I'm a junior high school girl, you should know that I have a Master's in English. Plenty of folks love this book, though, so remember that I'm just one person.
I read this book and I must say that I liked it but it really was just a bunch of hype as to why you should be a trend follower. Everyone in the trading business knows that the trend is your friend. Most have heard of the Turtles and know that trend following can be a great way to make money trading. But what this book doesn't address is how to trend follow. It talks alot about the money managers that do trend follow, but nothing about how, which the title of the book implies. It says "How" but fails to address "How" other then to say these guys are trend followers and you should be too. I would say the title is a little misleading. The title should be , "These Great Traders Make Money by Trend Following". So if you want to learn the "how to" then just forget this book as it will give little insight into that.
Today I woke up ashamed of myself! How can I forgive myself after I wasted my time and money reading that monumental piece of garbage--Michael Crichton's Airframe. How can I forgive myself when there are countless literary masterpieces that I have not read, and yet, I stupidly read this awful book? How will I ever explain to my kids that I read this worthless &quot;novel&quot; even though I had long ago realized that Crichton writes terribly? Why, I must wonder, did I submit myself to the same kind of unconvincing characters, contrived plot, and insipid prose that characterized Crichton's Disclosure? I cannot understand or justify my actions. But don't despair, for I have learned my lesson. Never again will I waste my time on Crichton's work. I promise.
this book was so bad, i didn't make it all the way through. it tried so hard to be a great book, tried too hard, that i just rolled my eyes and gave up. no thanks.
I tried and tried to keep reading this book, but it wasn't interesting to me.  The General was a pathetic old man who seemed to be living a life of self pity.  I got tired of his whining.  I know Gabriel Garcia Marquez is very respected for his writing, but I just couldn't get into it.  I guess I prefer books that I feel I have something to learn or are atleast entertaining.
Although Mr. Grossman seems to start out with a winner here, as you progress furthur you will find a book that is not well laid out, fleshed out, or finished well.  It seems that the author wants to let the reader flesh out too much in their own mind that should actually be provided in the book itself.It seems Mr. Grossman is in the habit of touching only briefly items and characters that should be much better explained in order to be properly placed in the stories his books are trying to tell.I have also read a few of his articles he has written for magazines and find he does not care to research his topics too well in his non-fiction work either.I believe I'll read other authors works in the future, to me it is preferable to know the reasons and direction a story is taking rather than to try to guess and fill in as I go along.
Carpet bagging referred to northern politicians who took political office in the South after the civil war.  They moved so quickly into the South that they packed all their belonging in a carpetbag.  Today we call this jumping on a bandwagon and both are true of this book.  If you are a supporter of Obama, the best thing you can do is not buy this book as it does not reflect what the campaign did, thought or is not trying to do in the White House.  Sorry to sound so negative but, while the authors have the right to create this book, we also have the right not to buy it.Barack, Inc.  is an opportunistic book.  The authors, two high tech executives, are trying to trade on Obama's name.  The contents of the book are the author's ideas not the campaigns.  They use the campaign when convenient to explain their ideas not learn what a small focused team of people did to change politics.This book is akin to the genera of "Leadership Secrets of (insert historical figure)" than an analysis or synthesis of how this historic campaign translates into lessons for business leaders.  The one problem is Obama is alive and well, his people are out there and active.  I would rather learn from the people who did the work than listen to the authors fit their ideas to someone else's actions.The book is woefully short on detail and uses publically available sources for quotes and descriptions that fit their argument which revolves around four principles:Be Cool - keep your composure and stay true to your visionBe Social - use social media - web 2.0 to engage your audienceBe the change - embody the future you want to be nowThere are few case studies; most are comments from leaders running small companies.  From reading the book, it looks like the authors did not talk to anyone on the campaign; rather they refer to more than 68 published articles and web sites as their sources.  Its good that they made these references public but it illustrates that the lessons learned from the people who did the work is found elsewhere.There are already many books and will be many more about Barack Obama and the secrets of his campaign.  Readers wanting to know should read books by people who actually were on the campaign staff, or whose job it was to cover the campaign.  Neither is the case with these authors.
Too much swearing!  Books do not need all that to make a good story, it is very distracting
In a few words, disturbing, over-indulgent, misogynist, homophobic, sadist twaddle. And completely, unbeliavably pointless. (The part were the loathsome protagonist forces himself on his mentally unstable half-sister who then commits suicide was outrageous, how can anyone enjoy reading such a book is beyond me.)
The author sends naive hero on a crazy journey - being sure to remind us every page how &#34;outrageous&#34; his book is. His main thrust is to ridicule the masses for gullibility, remind the reader he is wasting his life, and shame on him was caught up in the nonsense too.Any &#34;commentary&#34; stops there, however, and we're left with an admonishment that God is a legitimate ruler because he has suffered too - or maybe that we should suffer because God is a legitimate ruler. Either is fine. What more can be said? It's unintentionally the funniest part of this premeditated farce, light-years ahead of HAY THIS GUY IS A PSEUD and HAY LOOK HE'S RIDING AN ELUHFANT!As a thriller it fails miserably. Who can care when the title says it's all a dream? The one, single suspenseful scene - a few cops surrounded by an angry mob on a pier - was utterly ruined when the leader of that mob was also an ally.On one point I can praise this book: the lively, grotesque descriptions of the Council members' disguises - the secretary's smile, Bull's glasses, and especially the belabored, shaking movements of Professor de Worms brought a genuine smile to my face.Chesterton is not a horrible writer; he's simply out of his league. He had the idea to write a book about ideas, but it was too big for him. He read Ecclesiastes, and tried to write the first half of Candide.(Those are both good)--------------------review courtesy of strangemoe.net
Ya han pasado un par de a&ntilde;os desde que Blue State Digital sorprendi&oacute; al mundo con una de las campa&ntilde;as m&aacute;s grandes, efectivas, mediaticas y sorpresivas de la historia.El cliente de la agencia era ni m&aacute;s ni menos que Barack Obama, ex senador por el Estado de Illinois y actual candidato a la presidencia de Estados Unidos. Jillary Clinton y John McCain eran sus adversarios, y nada parec&iacute;a indicar que este hombre fuese a ser el primer presidente de color que tuviese Estados Unidos."Obama, INC" es uno de los tantos libros que aborda el fen&oacute;meno Obama desde el punto de vista del marketing.Si bien al comienzo, el libro contextualiza, cuenta cual era el escenario y quienes los contendientes, r&aacute;pidamente se adentra en la arena de la comunicaci&oacute;n estrat&eacute;gica que termino por cerrar la victoria del actual presidente.Case Study: The Barack Obama StrategyView more presentations from SocialMedia8 Amsterdam.Para quienes nos dedicamos a la construcci&oacute;n de marcas, comunicaci&oacute;n estrat&eacute;gica y marketing, este caso es todo un emblema, de ah&iacute; que me pusiera a leerlo.Si bien no voy a adentrarme en los tips o highlights del libro, quienes lo lean ahora -bajo un cumulo de informaci&oacute;n y campa&ntilde;as que imitaron a &eacute;sta- pueden sentir que el caso es bastante l&oacute;gico y f&aacute;cil de discernir, pero cabe destacar que la campa&ntilde;a fue, no s&oacute;lo una haza&ntilde;a comunicacional, sino que trasformo la forma en que se hace pol&iacute;tica, c&oacute;mo se dialoga y por sobre todo como se trabaja junto a personas comunes y corrientes para que te representen como verdaderos embajadores de la marca.Con prosa &aacute;gil (le&iacute; la versi&oacute;n en espa&ntilde;ol) el libro esta dividido en 4 cap&iacute;tulos: "Exito en el que creer y emular", "Ser carism&aacute;tico", " Ser Social", "Ser cambio".Como bien dec&iacute;a, no todo el libro trata sobre la comunicaci&oacute;n por parte de la agencia, sino que hay una breve historia de Obama, c&oacute;mo el se posiciona como un l&iacute;der y orador sereno y seguro (algo uy relevante) y finalmente, como la propuesta de valor que ellos presentan hace ver a sus contrincantes como viejos, estrictos y si ning&uacute;n cambio frente a la gobernaci&oacute;n antigua de Bush (de ah&iacute; al claim "Yes, we can").De la misma forma, hay fuerte enfasis en el uso que Blue State Digital dio a las redes sociales, tecnolog&iacute;as m&oacute;viles y el boca a boca. Ahi radica el cambio profundo en el pardadigma comunicacional. C&oacute;mo se pasa del CRM a CMR (Customer Managed Relationships"), c&oacute;mo se empodera a la gente (MyBarakObama) o c&oacute;mo se empieza a dar sentido al celular como una herramienta para votar e incentivar el voto en amigos.El caso gano Titanium y oro en Cannes 2009. Titanium es un premio relativamente nuevo que es entregado a campa&ntilde;as que cambian la forma de hacer cosas. Ya no se trata de tener una idea buena o no, se trata de cambiar la forma en que est&aacute;bamos acostumbrados a hacer algo. Y de seguro, la campa&ntilde;a de Obama marca un antes y un despu&eacute;s en termino de gobiernos transparentes, redes sociales y normas comunicacionales.Hay un sinf&iacute;n de libros que abordan el caso, as&iacute; que si les interesa el tema, hay mucho para elegir.PEACE OUT
Interesting to a hospital administrator, but not much relevance to other healthcare providers. I also found the writing style to be boring.
This book is a great example of viral marketing. Notice how many times the people in the book drops the hint that you simply have to give this book to a friend...or you have to buy it for all your employees...Just think how progressive it would be for the CEO to include this book with the pink slips!!!The book shows a well developed marketing strategy. The first half is praise for the &quot;cheese&quot; story and tells you how it will change your outlook on everything. The second half is a discussion by friends about how the cheese story was the turning point in their lives. (Both the praise and the discussion dropped several hints about buying the book for everyone you've ever met, and keeping few hundred copies on hand for the people you might meet in the future.)Hey, wait a second, the math doesn't add up...if the first half was a build up and the second half was a discussion...then...Never mind...it does add up. There really was no substance between the previews and summary. But it is a great example of viral marketing. How many people do you think took the bait?Kudos on the marketing! This Spencer Johnson and Kenneth Blanchard are now multi-millionaires.
First off, I appreciate the extraordinary literary value of this seminal work of fiction.  In essence, yes, Faulkner did brazenly pave a new road that had been yet to be traveled by previous authors.  His prolific use of literary elements, many of which are necessary to the story and some of which are not, emanate early and often throughout The Sound and the Fury.  His seemingly effortless shift between past and present, between Benjy, Quentin, &amp; Jason is undeniably masterful.With all of this adulation, my review thus far sounds like nothing short of a 5 star review.  While Faulkner's genius is irrefutably compelling, the story is anything but.  I just feel that the underlying story of the dissolution of a Southern family (i.e. the Southern way of life), none of which are likable, was as an exercise in banality, if not futility -- regardless of the literary talent bestowed upon it.I like Southern literature, but this would not be included in my top 100, let alone top 10.  It's about as fun as watching paint dry.  Just another case of The Emperor's New Clothes.  If you don't say it's great, then you must be derided as an idiot -- not unlike Benjy.  Boring - with a capital B.
I was expecting something amazing while reading this book, but it was incredibly stupid and not worth the time. Needless to say I did not finish reading it, after about midway, because I kept waiting for a point and it never came. It also was nasty and the main character was crude and it gave the illusion of him doing things that just do not need to be pictured in my mind. I was expecting something great and was extremely let down.
I have been trying to improve my career through remembering most of the math concepts like geometry, trigonometry, calculus. To do this I have been pursuiting the reviews of books from amazon.com to get the books for.Another day I have bought this book without reading any comments about it because the other algebra book was fine and from the same publisher I loved. But I am disappointed.The book starts from the basics and trying to transfer the ideas to you in a as roughly way as possible. Defines sin, cos stuff but never *fully* explains what they really are. And top of them continues to put more un-fully-defined bricks to show how your stability goes far.I am not recommending it to anyone who tries to learn (or remember) the concepts and have a feeling about them.
The woman in this book, Nan, seems to love her husband so why would she just take off like that?Her life wasn't so bad to begin with. Sure, she couldn't always do what she wanted to, but that's the way life is. Especially if you are married. It's give and take. Maybe she should have spoken up more and told her husband what she wanted instead of splitting.This book made me feel sleepy and depressed.
I have read several books by Elizabeth Berg and I have now decided that she is not my type of author.  I don't care for her "child-like" manner of speaking with her characters and I doubt I will take a chance on another one of her books.  "Say When" dealt with a marriage, gone stale, and told from the husband's point of view.  The characters, Frank and Ellen Griffin, have fallen into a rut (although Griffin was unaware of the rut he was in since he seemed to be comfortable with his life) when Ellen decides to announce her on-going six month affair (which he kind of knew about but was content to let her do her thing until she got it out of her system)!  Their eight year old daughter, Zoe, must deal with her parents trying to find themselves during this time.  To my way of thinking, Berg writes as if they are all children and Zoe is the smartest of all of them.  She is a delightful eight year old and I have to admit I did enjoy the dialogue with her parents.  I didn't particularly care for the story - the purpose of Griffin as Santa Claus was to send a message of "people awareness" as was the entire story, however, it just didn't do anything for me.
First, I should explain my expectations: the book would be about the Master Butchers Singing Club(set up by the title and cover photo), the central character would be a man (presented as the protagonist by the exposition), and the relationships would be rich and textured (given to me by Erdrich's previous work). Unfortunately, I feel betrayed as each expectation fell, and fell hard. Neither the men of the Singing Club nor Fidelis are central characters. Women are. Which is fine, except that Erdrich lead us in a different direction from the start. (The cover photo of my edition has been changed to a b/w portrait of a German woman--so apparently, I am not the only one who felt put off.) My biggest disappointment is that deep and life-long relationships are given to us by the narrator as a point of fact instead of the author allowing us to see them develope which is more believable or at least endearing. I wonder if Erdrich tried to do too much here: too many characters, too many plots for too little paper. Instead of creating rich and memorable characters, we are given a list of events and told to accept how deeply the characters feel about one another. I feel frustrated because I do like the kernal of these characters and would have appreciated a more simplified plot in exchange for depth of feeling and the first-hand witnessing of the relationships' development. If you approaching Erdrich for the first time, I would not recommend this one.
Timeline is the third disappointing novel in a row from Crichton. There was simply no suspense in the novel at all. Scientific facts and conjecture can only do so much when unaccompanied by at least some tension. Every  sword sparks, every horse sighs, winnies or snorts and everybody escapes  huge knights in the knick of time...It was a chore to finish, skip the  book, skip the movie...
I picked up "Lost in Translation" because I enjoyed Eva Hoffman's book "Shtetl" and I was interested in her experiences with culture-shock and feelings of alienation after she moved from Poland to Canada back in the late 1950s.  Some of her experiences are probably similar to those of other immigrants, but to me, most of her problems with fitting-in and finding happiness seemed to have more to do with her own personality than the fact that she was from a foreign country.  Her aspirations to be a concert pianist and then a professor of English literature were actually what made her different than most of those around her, not the fact that she was Polish or Jewish.  She would have been outside of the mainstream regardless of where she was from.  Even if she'd become a concert pianist in Poland, she may have gained people's admiration, but it would only have helped her to "fit in" with other elite musicians.  For an author who seems to have such a reflective nature and who obviously is no stranger to the therapist's couch, it's amazing that she doesn't seem to grasp this distinction.Also, in the final third of the book she writes as if her friends and acquaintances (mostly people involved in the NYC/East Coast literary scene) are typical Americans and contrasts their attitudes and habits with "Polish" ones.  Really, she's comparing the attitudes of a very small subset of American society with those of an even smaller subset of Polish society (expatriate political dissidents).  This is really more of a commentary on the political sensibilities of different social groups than about language or national culture.  Once again, if Eva Hoffman felt out of place with these people, it was probably due more to personal issues than to broader cultural ones like language."Lost in Translation" offers some insights on Post-war Poland and some interesting descriptions of Vancouver and Texas during the 1960s, but for reasons given above as well as in some other reviews, I don't recommend this book.  Not surprisingly given the author' training, her writing style often resembles that of literary critique.  It's wordy and her analysis draws heavily on old-fashioned Freudian psychoanalytic theory.
Let me start out by saying that I REALLY wanted to like this book.  I have never read Harris before but have an interest in history/thriller/mystery idea.  Needless to say I was excited about reading the book.  In the end I was pretty disappointed.Pompeii chronicles the four days leading up to and including the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius.  While this backdrop is intriguing, I have to agree that the time limitations made the character development non-existent, the plot underdeveloped, etc.  Marcus Attilius, aqueduct engineer from Rome stumbles across love, conspiracy, and heroism all within 96 hours.  There are some interesting storylines here including the rebellion of young Corelia and the subsequent relationship with Attilius, the water conspiracy in Pompeii, the disappearance of Exomnius, etc.  Nevertheless none of these storylines are grossly developed and in the end I felt that I really didn't care what happened to anyone.The novel is at times hard to read and the character names hard to pronounce.  All in all I was fairly disappointed and glad that the book was a mere 300 pages.
I loved the idea for this ghost story and it's set during my favorite time periods. The problem is there is just not enough story or likability of the characters to keep a reader interested
I only put up with half of this "book", but the rest of the one-star reviews indicate it didn't get any better.This book is so boring that the only word for it is trivial.  The first-person character is uninteresting and lifeless, not to mention prissy.  It was plainly written more by effort than inspiration.  There is a stale and sterile smell like moth-balls around it.  I'm not kidding: you will shake your head while reading it, and often utter the word "Yuck!" (and not for any reason that's deliberate).It's written in an annoying stream-of-consciousness style, to the point of an attempt at poetry.  She'll say one thing and then another; and some of the more jarring sentences are fitted with retro-justifications in the next sentence.  The deliberately incorrect punctuation is also meant to be poetic and show what a virtuoso she is, but it too is only jarring.It is highly inappropriate, not to mention ridiculous, to compare this book to Orwell, or Ayn Rand.The anti-religious zeal of the book is so shrill that you almost wonder if it can be serious.  You almost wonder if Atwood simply wanted to join the Speculative Fiction club but thought everything else had been done.  She is, however, out of her depth in this genre, and all you can say is "Nice try!"I'm not a Christian, but I am spiritual, and the anti-Christian message of the book does grate on me; but of course it ties into the Feminist dogma that men have made God up to oppress women with.I can't be bothered going into all the shortcomings of the book (like the potted damnation of the holocaust, the tacked-on Mills-and-Boon romance strand, getting love wrong, dabbling in post-modernism, observations that are just bad, ... ); but I will say, that to judge from the self-satisfied photo of the author on the back cover, she doesn't realize that she's just being indulged for this.
I work in development finance and I remember a couple of years back a lot of people in international development and ICT for development never stopped going on about this book. When I finally read it I was puzzled that people would buy into such paternalistic rhetoric in this book. I admit that Prof Prahalad has very genuine intentions to come up with useful knowledge to inform development finance practitioners and policy makers in development finance. I think its important for future readers of this book to be mindful that the book does not in any way empower low income individuals. They come across as very passive agents, who come into prominence when it comes to considerations on how businesses could profit from the little they have. The idea of private enterprises profiting from the poor comes with a taken for granted view that businesses will profit from poor people responsibly. No proposals are made for safeguards against corporate excesses, and exploitation of the poor. Hundreds of poor people in Andra Pradesh committed mass suicides due to pressure from micro-finance companies who irresponsibly gave out loans at extortionate rates and resorted to threatening and intimidatory tactics to force loan repayments by individuals who had no governmental or other legal resources to assist them with advice and information on their consumer rights. Other examples include a Mexican Micro-finance company which charged poor consumers interest rates of over 190%. He also mentioned in his book about a multinational company (Olivine Industries) which has been known to make and sell skin lightening products to African and Indian women. Is that really empowering and ethical? This book is one good example to validate the dependency theory. It makes very strong assumptions that developing nations should look to outsiders for solutions to their developmental problems rather than embrace them as important and active participants. Nations that crossed the path from underdeveloped to developed country status never embraced such ideas, they charted their own territory, made their own mistakes and lessons. And in all that the state played a prominent role, as opposed to this paradigm which hot wires the state and its citizens out of the game. Personally as an African the book did not enlighten me one bit.
I have a feeling that Gabo should have just let Alvaro Mutis sit on this project.  Gabriel Garcia Marquez, author of at least three (really entertaining and pleasurable) masterpieces of fiction (One Hundred Years of Solitude, Love in the Time of Cholera, and the short stories of Strange Pilgrims), seems to have entered into a lull during the writing of The General in His Labyrinth.  The best expression I can think of to classify this book is "distressingly soporific".  The General (Simon Bolivar) always seems to be lying in the "aguas depurativas de la ba&ntilde;era" and the story moves as slowly as an old man's body (with apology to agile old men).  There's barely a climax, and you were expecting it anyway: Bolivar dies.  Meanwhile, Bolivar reflects on his political experiences and rather libertine love life, and treks with his entourage into exile.  If you haven't read a lot of Garcia Marquez, try his masterpieces, and then his deep and satisfying memoir (Living to Tell the Tale), and don't bother with The General in his Labyrinth.
A light political satire, written within a few years of (and so sounding at times very much like) "The Mouse That Roared." The government of France collapses yet again; this time somehow it's the Monarchists that come into power. They find the rightful heir of the Carolingian line and crown him Pippin IV. His teenage daughter dates the son of the Egg King of Petaluma, California. Political philosophy is discussed. The ending is a bit less upbeat than "Mouse" (this *is* John Steinbeck, after all), but nobody dies or anything.Not at all typical Steinbeck: that may or may not be a Good Thing, depending on your tastes.  I found it amusing to read once (and short!), but zero replay value.
The Fiery Cross is simply not in the same league as the other books in this series. As I was reading, I was aware that two things were missing in this book - passion and plot. Although there are a few gripping moments, overall the book is a series of vignettes woven together to form a fairly disjointed book. Part of the problem is the switching of storylines between Jamie &amp; Claire to Roger &amp; Bree. Just when you'd get interested in what was happening to Jamie &amp; Claire, a chapter (or two) of Roger &amp; Bree's story would begin (it didn't help that I find Roger &amp; Bree incredibly uninteresting). Because of this disjointed style, much of the passion between Jamie &amp; Claire (which made the previous books so fabulous) is somehow muted. The book could have also done with some judicious editing - there are segments that seem to ramble on forever (the day of Brianna's wedding takes almost 200 pages!). Quite honestly, the whole story could have been told in about 400 pages. I am still a fan of the Outlander saga, but The Fiery Cross wasn't worth the 3 year wait. Hopefully the author will get back on track in the next book of the series.
THIS BOOK WAS DIFFICULT TO FOLLOW AND I DID NOT ENJOY READING IT. VERY ODD AS I LOVE PSYCHOLOGY BOOK AND ANY WRITINGS RELATED TO INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS
This book is painfully slow.  The author's try to develop characters but instead they put the reader to sleep.  The characters are dull and uninteresting.  The author's develop a jumbled timeline that is difficult to follow.  The ending seems sudden and abrupt.
I wish I hadn't read this book. I suppose this may be construed by some as evidence of a great author....who has IMPACT on his audience. I did enjoy this book until near the end, where everything falls apart and violence takes over. I'm sorry...if I'd KNOWN about the utter chaos of the ending, I'd not have ever started. Some may enjoy books which make them feel ILL at the end....I do not.
The wind chanted wicked will in time pass over the straight path and be made true, travel away, a ways from the crooked road or a witch be you.Always pay you mind, the vast, Wooded Cathedral.Open the Grimorie. It is written in antiquity's ink, colored by soot and mixed with gum the script nearest to the witch's hand and in flourish set down in ornate style. The words reliant on pigments strength become loose, paragraphs fade and whole texts follow. Now left of these mystical tomes, the essential combination that once held words to pages are separated from the adhesive properties of gum.Words fall back in time to pure soot to take in your hands and fall through your fingers, all the great magical books. Sorcerers fall on collective knees entranced in temples consecrated by spells and led by eidolons who gather under the shadows of statues made from sheer wizardry. And once again the scribe will take up the quill and using script nearest to the illusionist's hand and in a flourish set down in ornate style, record magic's epic.Chris Roberts, Patron Saint of Witches
This is designed a C-level executive book and should give those executives an idea about the pitfalls of software, why software is apparently difficult to get right, and how it can go disastrously wrong. The reader who is unfamiliar with software and the business of software is likely to believe much of this book despite its obvious lack of connection to reality and its anecdotal lessons and vague and useless tips. This book isn't really about software anyway. It's about technology management, a wholly different topic. It's about the whole of information technology, with all the buzzwords and hot trends that will make this book a remainder within six months. Indeed, by scrapping the title and changing the focus slightly, this book wouldn't be so egregiously bad.The author relies on a few outstanding examples to make his point throughout the entire book. Or, I should say, the author relies on a team of researchers who only came up with a couple of outstanding examples. Find any discipline and you can find stories where the process goes horribly wrong, the tools fail, and people make the wrong decisions. Finding a couple for software stories doesn't enlighten anyone.The author's favorite example, called back into service in many chapters, is some software used to control medical radiation-delivery devices. He blames the software for leaving the collators wide open, delivering lethal doses of radiation. Why does this happen? It's not just a failure of software. If you are dealing with deadly radiation, part of the process should be a test, using the exact setup you'll use with a patient. Before you put someone in front of the beam, measure the output directly. Don't rely on anything else to tell you how much radiation is coming out of the machine. Software might be the fault, but it could be something mechanical. Why weren't these devices calibrated before the technician used them to kill people? Who was supervising their use? Why does this situation go so wrong? People trust computers instead of using their common sense, even if they know that what they see on the computer screen is wrong. However, the author doesn't really hit that point. Why do we hear stories about GPS users driving their cars into lakes? Because they turned off their brains and let the computers think for them despite everything else their senses told them. Why does my friend pay attention to the directions that her GPS gives her even though she's been driving the same route for 20 years? That's not a glitch in software. That's a defect in humans.He also is quick to jump on the latest round of Toyota recalls, suggesting, before the facts are in, that the unintended accelerations were the fault of software. We now know that to be false. Those issues were largely mechanical or operator related. However, when software is around, it's an easy target that can't defend itself. We scapegoat it. Other examples he uses includes Bernie Madoff maliciously and purposedly entering bad data (how is that software's fault?) and security breaches through loss of laptops and smartphones. He cites an example of police repeatedly raiding the wrong house because the computer gave them the wrong address. How is improper police procedure software's fault? Shouldn't the police surveil the address first to verify their target is there? Why blame computers when the stormtroopers go in with guns blazing without any direct evidence that there is a threat or a suspect inside? How is software to blame there, but not in Waco or Ruby Ridge? How does the paramilitary trend in law enforcement have anything to do with software? Again, by shifting blame away from people, he absolves them of their responsibility in the outcomes and ultimately undermines the points that he is trying to make. Software is not the culprit in these cases; people are. By using sensationalisitic current events, even before the facts are in, he shows that he's not up to a serious and deep discussion of what's really happening in software.This book does not deal with how software comes into being, and seems wholly ignorant of it. The author makes the common mistake of equating computer science with software. That's about the same as equating a physicist with a civil engineer. Although the physicist may tell you he can design a bridge because he knows the laws of the universe, do you really want a physicist in charge of something you'll drive over? Computer Science, which he wants to rename to "The Art of Computer Science" (with no nod to Donald Knuth's "The Art of Computer Programming"), is not a software creation discipline yet people keep hiring computer science graduates thinking they know how to write software. That's the problem. Computer Science is not vocational training for software creators anymore than a Chemistry program is vocational training for pharmaceutical research. However, since many people don't understand this, that there is a shortage of qualified software workers, that there isn't good training for software managers, and that everyone can shift blame to the software and the tools, the black arts of software creation and management causes a lot of problems. It's not a problem with the software--that's just the symptom of an underskilled, poorly managed, and misunderstood craft, and it's nothing new. To be sure, bad software comes out of this mess, but do you blame the culinary world when your kids burn the eggs they cook you or you get a bad meal in a restaurant? Who does Gordon Ramsey blame in Kitchen Nightmares? If you want to know more about why your software workers don't deliver, try The Pyschology of the Computer Programmer, The Mythical Man Month (or anything by Frederick Brooks), or many other books that have already dealt with the topic much better.At one point, the author says that the senior level executives should trust their IT managers. Again with the trust. Instead of trust, the senior level executives should be holding their managers' feet to the fire to find out how much they really understand what they are doing, how they are evaluating alternatives, and what long term effects their decisions will have. They should also be holding their vendors feet to same fires so they aren't sold a bill of goods that not only doesn't meet their needs but doesn't even do what it says on the tin. However, since very few people actually understand any of this (compare with the Better Off Ted "Jabberwocky" episode), they let it slide. Again, they can shift the blame and shirk their responsibility as managers. Who gets fired when something goes wrong? It's often not the top. Compare that to the Navy, for instance. Who gets fired if something goes wrong on a ship? It's usually at least the captain of the ship, even if he did everything he should have done because he is ultimately responsible. Add careeer consequences to IT failure, and you'll change the game. Make people liable for what they do and they'll be more careful.Having said that, I expected to see examples of companies employing good practices with high standards still run into problems that can't be blamed on anything else but the software. Are there times when you can do everything right and still lose? Where are the stories from the aerospace industry, like the Air France Flight 296 computer that decided to land when the pilot was doing a low speed pass during an airshow, or the Mars missions that miss Mars because one group used imperial units and another the metric system? There's not much breadth in this book. It's the USA Today of the subject.I would have also like to have read a lot more personal stories from leaders of technology companies, looking back at their big mistakes. You can't effectively do that with anything current without inciting investor revolt, but how about the glitches from 20 years ago? Raymond Chen's idea on the decisions that went into Windows, the operating system that causes quite a bit of IT headaches and loss, are quite enlightening. When do the business decisions trump the software decisions? How do you balance the desire for having it now and keeping it working with the rest of your IT infrastructure with the competing forces of doing it well no matter how long it takes? How about Steve Jobs talking about any of his many failures, which he readily admits to (Apple III, Newton, etc)? Why do you have to buy expensive support contracts for Oracle, SAP, or PeopleSoft? What is the real reason those products takes so much care and feeding and cause so much frustration? What about Open Source software that still hasn't delivered a desktop operating system that normal people want to use, can't outshine Adobe's Photoshop, and still has egregious bugs despite it's "many eyes"? Why do we lie to ourselves? Is it just confirmation bias, or is it something else.
This is a book for people who are afraid of change.  Personally, I was attracted by the title and thought it might be an interesting book.  The concept is too simple and not really useful to me because I actually love change and hate routine so it's not a book for everyone.  The cheese is a symbol for what is important to us in our lives.  It can be your relationship with someone, your job, etc.  I've highlighted some important ideas in this book.First and foremost, the world is always changing so you must change with it.  Did I tell you the concept is simple or what?  Instead of questioning who moved your cheese, you should move with the cheese.  The sooner you let go of the old cheese, you will find your new cheese.Don't worry too much.  When you relieve yourself of all worries and fears, you will feel free.Anticipate for change.  When you look for signs of change, you will start planning for the future.  This will lessen the impact when change does occur.Visualize the cheese and you will find the cheese.Laugh at your mistakes.  Don't be too serious.  This will ensure you will move on and not remain stagnant.  Enjoy change.That's it.  If you feel you did not gain anything from this review, you are wrong.  You gain the money you would have otherwise wasted on this book.
I find it remarkable and I was quite impressed how someone can write 200 pages with just one message, "there are a number of commodity trading advisers who have made lots of money by following trends". Its an old message that the trend is your friend, but Covel has written a whole book on this one trading adage. You will not learn much else from this book, so if you are looking to improve your trading or investment skills look somewhere else.
I usually don't rate books so negatively, especially ones by John Grisham, who I love as a writer.  And I'm very open to new types of writing, especially from established authors. But Grisham should definitely stick to what he knows.  This story starts out slowly and drags on until the end.  It took me 2 weeks to finish and I keep hoping it'd get better.  The story of Luke on a cotton farm is interesting, as he develops a crush on Tally and is witness to all sorts of crimes and secrets, a lot of pressure on a little boy.  But the story wraps up with Luke leaving behind his grandparents and the cotton for a new life with his parents and a new baby on the way.  The story wraps up without bringing closure on many of the characters - what ever happens to Tally and the Cowboy, to Libby and the baby?  Does Ricky ever come home from the war and does he marry Libby?  Do Luke's grandparents survive the flood and the debt they are in?  What happens to the Letchers?  Does Hank's body ever surface?  Too many loose strings ... Definitely frustrating at the end, especially since I'd invested many hours and kept pushing to finish this book.  I should've stopped long before ...
This unusual fantasy novel started off well enough, with interesting characters, and some clever and cool sounding plot details. But it quickly degenerated into an almost random series of events in which the characters just didn't behave in a remotely believable way. So in the end, it was just dumb.
I'd been wanting to read this book for a while, having already sampled most of Murakami Haruki's work, and since I'd heard that this was his best work I was naturally compelled. Yet the reports were mixed - some non-Japanese had devoured it, while some Japanese had found it dull as hell. Certainly, it presents a very complete world, which not ever book can accomplish.The book is very Murakami in the way that it shows a man - very dull, quite ordinary, yet somehow unconventional in his thinking and motivations - thrust into an odd situation where he must solve riddles, learn about other-worldly things that connect him with a fantastic history, while he makes sense of trauma in his own life. And what is that trauma?  Like so many other Murakami characters, his relationship with his wife has deteriorated, and then one fine day she just disappears (can Murakami not find something else to write about?).  Along the the journey he half-heartedly undertakes to find his wife, he meets many strange women.  Okay.  And why do we care?The more interesting part of the book deals with a Japanese soldier who is stationed in Manchuria during World War II and the hell that he endured there.  That might have made an interesting book standing on its own.The book was published in three parts in Japan. I find the first two parts more interesting. In the third part, he abandons some of the characters, and moves on with others. I don't find this improves the book, and by the conclusion I am only partially fulfilled. Still, he does a good job of NOT tying the strings together, and building a metaphor/allegory of post-war Japan.
This Grisham Christmas fairy tale was a big disappointment.  The story of Nora and Luther Krank's (could he choose better names for his characters?) decision to &quot;skip Christmas&quot; was a slow read from beginning to end.  Travel plans, nasty, controlling neighbors and a pollyanna ending was laughable.  This book would never have been published in the first place had it not been written by Grisham.  He should stick to the type of writing he does best.  Christmas &quot;fairy tales&quot; are NOT Grisham's strength!
I was kind of disappointed with this book because I feel it did not deliver on the premise of its title.  The book is a collection of anecdotal stories, by the author and by many others, that sometimes describe how simplifying a product or process yielded a better result.  Yet many of the stories do not really address the notion of "subtraction" at all, and meander over a lot of interesting but irrelevant territory.  The stories are collected under half a dozen headings that the author calls "laws," but really are not even hypotheses or guidelines.  They are, rather, attempts to sort the anecdotes into categories that are, on the whole, rather unilluminating.  I had the impression that the author collected all these stories and then tried to fit them into his premise for the  book.  I think the author had a good idea - it is all in the book's title - but, for me, at least, really failed to deliver.  This subject needs more focus, more thought, more depth -- more subtraction.
Having really liked Weir's other books on the Tudor dynasty, I was happy to finally get a chance to read her biography of Elizabeth I.  Unfortunately, it's not a book I will be recommending to others.  I found it very &quot;fluffy&quot; and scattered.  Elizabeth's abortive &quot;courting strategy&quot; for example, is no doubt important.  But I found there to be so much of a focus on this particular aspect of her life, that I ended up feeling as though the book could be summarized &quot;Elizabeth flirted around endlessly with a bunch of princes, then there was some Armada thing, and then she got depressed about being old and died.&quot;  Where is the &quot;meat&quot; on what happened from year to year, how she got through it, her interactions (if any) with subjects and her actions during the years of famine that are so briefly mentioned?  Why such a tiny section on the Spanish Armada, something that was such a defining moment?The book also contains a stylistic flaw that I found annoying: at least three times, there were facts or quotes or opinions that appeared once in the book and then popped up again later in the book for no obvious reason (for example, the fact that she received some of the new silk stockings and resolved to never wear anything else again).  The first time or two, I found myself wondering if I had accidentally opened it to a part I had read before.  After this happened two or three times, especially with minor points that didn't seem to be terribly central to either section they were in, it started to feel like either padding or poor editing.
Whoa, who knew that there was a worse bestseller out there than DaVinci Code? At least Dan Brown has the mechanics of a thriller down: the striplings behind &quot;Rule of Four&quot; are rank amateurs. Brown at least keeps the writing simple: The prose in &quot;Rule&quot; is clotted with complicated syntax, choking on exposition and littered with silly pronouncements. The book's &quot;wisdom&quot; is especially laughable: The philosophical spoutings of Ivy League seniors are unbearably pompous even to other Ivy League seniors--why would the authors think grownups would take them seriously? The dialogue and plotting is farcical and would be hooted out of a writer's workshop. The publishing establishment has done these boyz and readers everywhere a great disservice by pumping up &quot;Rule&quot; as a literate successor to &quot;DaVinci&quot; -- don't try to sell us warmed-over Olive Garden fare when we're in the mood for a Big Mac.
The greatest benefit of this book is an understanding of how difficult the head job at the Federal Reserve can be.  Since the Fed is considered one of the most "secretive" institutions in our country, sometimes I found it difficult to believe the author really had reliable info to present to the readers.What bothered me most about the author was he constantly criticized a persons job which is very difficult and requires much guessing.  Another serious problem is the author seems to assume Greenspan is almost solely responsible for the bubble.  If I were to place most blame on one person I would choose President Bill Clinton.  It was Clinton who planted the seeds to start this bubble several years before the bubble got its start.  However, the author fails to mention anything about the Presidents "devious deeds".Even though I have not seen a book written yet discussing the real cause of the housing bubble, the best one would include Clinton's name numerous times.
Well I got hooked on Dan Brown.  Read all his books.  His thrillers are well-written and interesting.  This book, however, is very disappointing.  The authors are not to adept at weaving a stort together, and the characters are poorly drawn.  Sorry to say that this is not an exciting summer read.
Michael Marcus clearly has useful insight to share about the psychological side of trading. But this first attempt is very general and needs more development.Quick summary: trading is 80% your psychology, start a yoga practice and a meditation practice, you'll become more self aware of your emotional content and psychological blind spots. This can lead to the development of an inner voice that could help your trading?If I was Mr. Marcus's editor I'd say, GREAT TOPIC, you need to add 70 to 100 more pages of detail about how you, Michael Marcus, systematically developed your "Inner Voice of Trading" and how you help others develop their inner voice. Fact check your Art History. Keep name dropping and coat tail riding to a minimum. You don't need to use up precious paper and ink retelling Jack Schwager's work. Hire a copywriter to check sentence structure and spelling. If you want to promote yourself as a trading coach, put your contact information in the back of the book. This is your book, so make it your book about your experiences and how they might help other traders. Especially if the publisher is asking $26.99 retail for a 166 pages.This is a great topic, I look forward to reading the revised edition. Especially on the section on "Surrender".
I bought this book during our evacuation for Hurricane Katrina. From the synopsis on the back, I could tell it was going to be a romance (not my first choice), but it was the only interesting thing at the department store near our hotel, and I was curious to see how the heroine would handle her situation what with being unexpectedly thrown 200 years back in time. Besides, I felt I could do with some light reading.Well, it's been seven months as of this writing, and I've only got up to around page 200. The plot just drags along, explaining useless details to the point where I'd put it down and not pick it up again for weeks. And the thing I thought would be most interesting, seeing Claire struggle to come to grips with her bizarre situation, was simply glossed over. "Sure, fine, it's 200 years back in time. Whatever. Wow! That Jaime fellow sure is a hunk!"I realize giving the heroine a really good reason to cheat on her husband has got to be attractive to bored housewives everywhere but, I mean ... I don't think anyone would just shake off an event like that and la-la-la get on with life. Still, I don't like to leave a book unread once I've gone more than a few pages into it. I've finished some books that weren't much fun for me just to see how it would all turn out ... so I kept this one around, hoping I'd find the resolve to plow through the rest of it "one of these days." Then I decided to read the reviews here to get an idea if it was worth the effort.I can only say I was stunned. Four and a half stars? I thought I must really be missing something! Still, I couldn't believe it. Who ARE these people giving this book such a fantastic rating -- and WHY? Reading down a bit further, I got the rest of the story. Somewhere toward the middle, the story gets racy, and then zooms right past racy to violent/kinky. Ok, you know, I'm not going to moralize. To each his own. Let's just say if I were in the mood for that sort of thing, I wouldn't make myself trudge through hundreds of pages of inane drivel first. So ... this book? Garage sale. And thanks for the warning -- now I won't waste any more time trying to get to "the good part."
I bought this book because I heard about how great it was and everyone kept raving about it. Boy was I disappointed.  I was so bored.  The book is way too long and drawn out. I cannot believe that there are several more books about these same characters.  I could not get into it at all. I skimmed the end of the book. I didn't see the chemistry between Jamie and Claire. I liked Calum and his brothers' characters more than I did the hero and the heroine. To sum it up in one word BORING!
I love Elizabeth Berg's book, but stopped reading this one halfway through.  I just couldn't get into it at all.  I was amazed that this woman left her husband to go on a journey by herself.  Just up and left him when there was nothing wrong with their marriage so to speak.  I could understand wanting to get away and all that, but then you take a vacation for a week or so!  There was not much of a plot and I found it so boring.  It took everything in me to pick it up to continue reading it and then I finally just gave up.  Life it too short for boring books.
On the advice of an author (her last name is `Hospital'). I started reading Haruki Murakami's novel "Kafka on the Shore." She had advised emerging writers to read book translations from languages other than English to experience different voice. I had not read any of the novels by this author.The book began on a high note. A 15 year old school boy runs away from his house and travels to another city in Japan. He hated school.  But I suddenly found another story starting in the next chapter. A group of school boys while collecting mushrooms in the forest lose consciousness for a while but then wake up fine. So I thought this book may have some element of science fiction. Or the author would come up with an explanation in some future chapter. But no explanation ever comes.Then there is a third story of a cat talker. An old man dies in an apartment and a wriggling animal crawls out of his mouth. You never know what's the significance.A ghost of a fifteen year old girl lives in the body of a 51 year old woman.Two soldiers missing from World War 2 live in a forest without aging. In some other dimension there is a township inside a forest.And there is some entrance stone which needed to be turned upside down.Aren't all these things interesting? Reader continues to read because of the belief that issues will be connected and resolved in the end. And when it did not happen I felt cheated.(I finished this book to learn a valuable lesson of 'how not to write')And you would think the three stories would merge in a coherent story at some point early in the book but doesn't occur till the end of the book.This is a very poorly written book. Weren't there any editors to take a look at the prose before this book got published?Let me go here one by one.`I nodded' is a clich&eacute;. But is repeated so many (67 to be exact) times I got irritated. Another line in the dialogue repeated frequently is `Nakata is not very bright.' Well, readers are not suffering from dementia. Told once or twice, we would remember it, right? There is also a character that is shown to wear a Kunichi Football hat or take it off, all too often. It irritated me.`Self-editing for Fiction Writers' says - And when you explain dialogue that needs no explanation, you're writing down to your readers, a surefire way to turn them off. There are many scattered examples of poor dialogue in this book. Here's an example:`Yes, a little," Nakata replied."Impressive all the same," tabby commented.""My name is Nakata," Nakata said, introducing himself. "And your name would be?""Ain't got one," the tabby said brusquely.And the improbable Kafka and Oshima (the librarian), both school drop outs discuss the kind of philosophy that would put Socrates and Plato to shame. Part of the latter part of the book feels like a kind of encyclopedia of music.Another repulsive piece of scene was when 15 year old Kafka asks a 51 year old woman to have sex with him (he knows she could be his mother) and she obliges him by getting laid at night.I was put off by this novel. Is there a possibility that this author's other novels might be good? I won't dare to find out.
Allow me to be the first to submit a 2-star review on this book.I love beer.  I've been a craft beer fanatic for 8 years and a homebrewer for 4 years.I love books about beer.Unfortunately, this isn't really one.Charles Bamforth definitely knows his stuff.  He was even a professor of brewing science at my local university.  I feel very confident that if he wrote a book about brewing science, it would be very informative.  Sadly, this book could have just as easily been about the underwear, motor oil, or computer software industries.  The author spends a disproportionate amount of time talking about which breweries bought other breweries, which in turn merged with another brewery, ultimately being bought by InBev, etc. etc.It also confuses me that the author clearly has good taste in beer, but proclaims that Annhausser Busche is hands down the best brewer, simply because their beers are consistent.  I believe any brewer with as much disposable cash as A.B. could achieve a far better product with similar consistency, and probably even without using rice and corn adjuncts.  I should note that he works for them.  But I digress...Aside from the content, which I'll readily admit had some interesting points, the book is one of the most horribly organized that I've seen.  The author constantly refers to end-notes; so much, in fact, that the end-notes comprise almost half of the books content.  I'm not exaggerating.  You need to use 2 bookmarks while reading this book, because you will need to flip between your current page and the end-notes anywhere from 1 to 5 times per page.  The author is generous enough to tell us we don't HAVE to read the end-notes, but realistically the book would only be half as interesting if we don't.A sluggish, off-topic book, I give this one 2 stars.
"Who Moved My Cheese?" is a simple parable that illustrates the natural tendency to resist change. The uncertainty that generally accompanies change in the workplace provides a level of discomfort that some try to escape. Rather than take the necessary steps for change, some employees cling to old notions and actions that produce little or no results.Of course, it has been known for decades that people tend to avoid tasks that cause physical, mental, or emotional discomfort. Why it takes a simple little story about mice and cheese for some people to understand this is beyond me. Perhaps it provides a non-threatening, feel-good reminder of what we already know about ourselves?The problem I see with "Who Moved My Cheese?" is not the message, but the difficulty in reducing such a simple little concept into practice. Knowing that we need to "search around the maze for new cheese" is equivalent to the stock market wizards telling us to buy low and sell high, or business experts telling us that we need to possess organizational savvy to be successful. These are things we all nod our heads in agreement with . . . but then what? We are left without any guidelines for determining when we are "moving around the maze" or simply "sitting at the cheese station."Reading "Who Moved My Cheese?" is like signing up for the membership at the health club. It sure feels good, and it can be the start to something better, but the real work is yet to come. Read the book. Ponder its contents. But expect some discomfort if you really want to make progress.
Though I enjoyed the first two books in this series, I found this one to be a little dull.  I couldn't get interested in the plight of Gudlaugur, the murdered Santa. We never got enough of a sense of who he really was to develop any sort of feelings about him. Despite the looming Christmas holidays and the transient nature of Erlendur's pool of suspects, there was no sense of urgency or danger.  Indridason likes to combine a couple of different storylines, and even the secondary plot, the mystery of the abused boy that Elinborg was investigating, fell flat.  There was nothing to tie it into the overall story, and no solid resolution at the end. We did learn a little more about Erlendur as he stumbles through his life in his socially inept way, but even there there wasn't much progress made, other than a little more understanding between him and his troubled daughter Eva Lind.  If you'd like to try Indridason, I recommend his previous book, Silence of the Grave, but you can give this one a pass.  I'll probably read the next book because I enjoy reading about Indridason's Iceland, but I'll be hoping for a whole lot more.
I Never write reviews, however I just had to say how I found this double crossing self centered heroin simply UNBEARABLE!
I love every other Boyle book--and I've read them all--except for this one. It was mean spirited and unconvincing. What were you thinking T.C.?
It is not as if I wasn't primed for this book at an early age.  As a child I was quite obsessed with any books that had the name "Betsy" in them.  The excellent and little known, "Understood Betsy" by Dorothy Canfield was written in 1917 and remains one of the sweetest unsentimental children's stories today.  Yet even young I consciously avoided the Betsy-Tacy books like the plague.  I was aware from an off-hand flipping through them that these were not stories I would enjoy.  They were about little girls who had rather wimpy (in my opinion then) adventures.  Where were the exciting city scenes of the "All-of-a-Kind-Family" books?  Or the beautiful descriptive passages of the "Little House" books?  I was disappointed by these books as a child, and I am afraid my opinion has changed little since growing up.  The books are maudlin and lacking in spunk.  The most gripping scene in the book is found on page five when Tacy flees from Betsy.  Spunk is not unknown to little girls in books from this time period.  Girls in the books already mentioned had it.  My beloved "Caddie Woodlawn" had it.  Heck, "Anne of Green Gables" was fairly overflowing with it.  Is this to say that every little girl in every book from the past should be spunky and wild?  Not at all.  But there must be some interest there.  Something that a girl today can read and latch onto.  Friendship is the overarching theme of this book, and it carries the story as far as it can.  Just the same, I have my doubts that any child uninitiated into this series by an earnest parent would naturally gravitate to it in the library today.  It would also not read aloud well to boys, I suspect.  I may be incorrect and as I write millions of little girls are falling in love with these stories on their own daily, but it seems a little unlikely.
On the plus side, this book has a lean prose style and it is well organized.  However, I found the author to overuse buzz phrases a lot, and worse yet, to imbue them with more meaning than they deserve.  360 degree reviews are not a source of omnipotent insight in and of themselves.You'll never figure that out from this book.
Decent read...except he's wrong.  How he could list Shaq as the #1 player of all time is beyond comprehension.  I could understand the argument for Chamberlain, but MJ's teams were far more dominant, due to his airness exclusively.  But his forecast includes Shaq winning at least 3 more titles.  One gets the feeling he ranked the players like this to create controversey...but that doesn't make him right.
When I first found the book I was really excited to read it as it had a pretty interesting plot. So the first few chapters I really enjoyed, but soon after I started to see a pattern (cue: near rape, near rape, rape, near rape, etc) and a decidedly uncomfortable viewpoint that spousal abuse and rape equal a &#34;passionate&#34; love. I have to say that this really not only disappointed me for the lack of utilizing such a great initial plot idea, but actually promoting the idea that men who beat and rape their wives are in some way romantic.
I read this book because a friend whose taste I respected recommended it.  And by recommended it, I mean he said "I didn't like it, but maybe you will."  Well, no.  Droned on and on and on about death.  The characters had no dimension- they were just mouthpieces so Delillo could set up conversations about death.  I'm sorry, but I'm not that consumed by the thought of death.  I will die one day, so will you, but for now I will enjoy life and not waste it obsessing over death.  If you happen to have an unhealthy preoccupation with death, you will most likely enjoy this book, but I found it so terrible I almost wished for death.  Writers like Hunter Thompson or Vonnegut or Tom Robbins or Keroauc will give you a much better insight into American culture, and are all FAR better writers.
The Visor is so easy to use you don't need this book. There are no special secrets in this book that makes it worthwhile to buy.Read the documentation that comes with the Visor if you are into knowing every little feature.
Much will be made of the gory, sinister nature of Hannibal, the violence and the strange, disturbing ending. What concerns me the most is that in previous efforts Harris made the FBI seem as a capable law enforcement  agency. In Hannibal the FBI doesn't appear at all. The agency knows  Hannibal is back in the U.S. but little is written about attempts to  capture him. Further, the manipulation by bureacrats to ruin Starling's  career is hamhanded and ludicrous. In short, there are so many plot flaws  and holes in this story that it is unenjoyable. One minor peeve: Harris or  his editor should know how to spell sizable (no e) and buses as applies to  the vehicles, not busses as a kiss. I waited six years for this book. I  hope Mr. Harris will use the next six years to return to the good form  demonstrated in Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon.
I recently took and passed the first of four Oracle exams to gain Oracle DBA certification.  I used as my basis for study the first five chapters of this book, for which I had paid handsomely. Based initially on some of the  reviews here, I realized I was in trouble for the test, which I thought  would be a cakewalk since I understood the book.  I turns out that much of  what is on the test simply isn't in the book; and also the explanations are  often a bit murky. For example, there was a date-formatting question using  a syntax you won't find in this book. The sample test from Oracle is a much  better indicator of the types of questions you'll see on the test.  I gave  up on studying this book, and instead studied &quot;Oracle 8, the Complete  reference&quot; by Koch &amp; Loney.  That was enough to get me over the  bar. However, that book will only be good for the first test.I gave it  two stars anyway, due to the fact that it is trying to cover a lot of  ground, and you will learn from this book, especially if you are new to  oracle.  But overall, this book in no way delivers on the promise it makes  of being the &quot;ultimate preparation kit&quot;.
If you're an 11 year old girl who likes adventure and fantasy, you'd like this, right? WRONG! This is extremely strange and out of the ordinary. The only reason I read it was because I needed to make a book report.
Go ahead, laugh at me and call me a Hem, but I must join the ranks of folks who got very little from this little book.  I certainly know what the author is saying, and I can't deny that developing a good attitude toward change can be helpful, but the simple fact is that change is not always a good thing.  Life is a series of ups and downs, and no amount of visualization and optimism can guarantee that something better can be found just by looking for it.  I read this book because I had seen it mentioned and was curious about it; had a corporation or company I worked for suggested I read this book, I would have been mortified.  The thought of actually having a business meeting to discuss this simplistic book makes me cringe.  It would send a clear message to me that the company wanted to prepare me for bad news or to eliminate criticism in the ranks.  Frankly, I found the story rather silly, and there was nothing there that I had not already heard before.  Rather than promote free thinking, I can see managers dismissing policy questions or even fruitful suggestions from employees--if the company is moving in one direction, but you think an even better plan involves doing the old thing differently, a manager may well just accuse you of resisting change and not even listen to your idea.  The folks who don't embrace change for its own sake fare rather poorly in the author's universe.I cannot recommend this book.  Not only is it very short, but it is two or three times longer than it needs to be because the author excels in redundancy; the repetition of the author's "brilliant" points also qualifies in my book as a method of indoctrination. The fact that this book is so popular with managers and executives sets off alarms in my mind; this is because the book encourages their underlings to not only do as they say (no matter if they are right or wrong) but to smile while they are doing it.  Expecting a group of employees to read this book and follow its precepts smacks of pied-piper management and herd mentality; the effect I get from the book is one almost antithetical to true individualism and freedom of choice. By all means, look out for yourself and try to plan for the future, but do not betray yourself while doing it.  Just as many people are harmed by implementing bad changes as are helped by responding positively to good changes.  Bad policy decisions deserve criticism, not blind devotion.  Authority should be questioned when it is clearly wrong.  I assure you that the secret of happiness is not to be found in these pages.  This is one rat who will not be following the Pied Piper's music over the cliff.
Steinbeck is one of my favourite storytellers, but this should never have seen the light of day, as his attempts to be quirky don't come off, and the whole thing is just, well, awful.  He wrote some wonderful things, this just wasn't one of them.
It started off good. But I lost interest about half way through. This book is just way to long and drawn out with too much pointless dialogue that doesn't really contribute to the plot. I found myself wondering why I was still reading and when things were actually going to start to happen.I might give it another go at some stage...
First, let me say that I am not a reader who is annoyed by ambiguity as long as there is some sort of explanation. As a literature major and a heavy reader of fiction, I am used to ambiguity. I just defended a novel in a review, The Zero, that was highly ambiguous. Please read my criticisms with that in mind.Paul Rayment is a man in his sixties who loses much of a leg due to an accident. For no apparent reason he chooses not to have a prosthesis, even though he preferred the life of a loner prior to his accident, and even though a prosthesis would help him become self-sufficient again. By choosing not to have a prosthesis, he not only severely limits his ability to transport himself, but becomes quite dependent on others. Thus, in the first few pages we have a decision that makes no sense based on what we know about Paul. Okay, so be it. Let's see what happens. He eventually gets a nurse who he falls in love with. He is now in a dilemma because he is not exactly a "catch," and the woman he has fallen in love with is married and has three children. Yet how he yearns for her! At least things are getting a little interesting.Enter Elizabeth Costello out of nowhere, who not only presses herself upon Paul, but moves in with him despite his protests. (He later throws her out and for no apparent reason she sleeps with the homeless). Why does he not simply show her the door from the moment he first finds her to be obnoxious? How did she find him? She says he sought her out, but he has no such recollection, nor is there any evidence in the novel to support her claim. Is she his alter ego or, as she claims, a novelist who has chosen him to be her subject? If she chose him, 1) how did she find him and 2) what made her decide to choose him as her protagonist when she knows so little about him? None of these questions is answered. So her continued reappearances become extremely annoying rather than riveting.It is exactly as "Bookmarks Magazine" reads, "Simply, Coetzee's postmodern literary trick overwhelms what could have been a provoking rumination on love, old age, and life. Instead, the novel flounders under the weight of ambiguity, cerebral analysis, and lack of scintillating conversation and action." Put more simply, this is an awful novel.
finally claims the title character in this story filled with more instances of belittling than one can probably imagine such a slim volume could contain. This bad behavior is practiced by: a malefactorous midwife, cruel cretins, and belittling brats, which are to be found more often than one would expect in even the most vile village. The prospective midwife's apprentice's behavior is also sometimes suspect, alternating between submissive (toward the midwife), kindly (to a handful of persons), and revengeful (to those who've "taunted and tormented" her).Jane Sharp, nondescript, Catholic, bearer of six children (all deceased), is inexplicably accepted as the town's midwife/faith healer in spite of her horrible bedside manner (yelling at and sometimes beating patients) and other bad behaviors, which includes canoodling with a married father of twelve. After finding the homeless girl "perhaps...twelve or thirteen" hidden in the warmth of a dung heap, the evil woman dubs her "Beetle," as in dung beetle, and, between belittlings, provides meager room and board in exchange for the youngster's assistance in the medicinal side of the midwifery business. For no apparent reason, many of the townsfolk treat her the same. Eventually, she befriends a local boy and gains credibility as a prospective midwife by helping deliver twin calves and a baby born by a woman Jane abandons during labor in favor of another richer client. But when she loses her nerve and fails at easing a woman's particularly difficult birth, she skips town and lands at a nearby inn where she gains the confidence to return to the town and give midwifery a try.The book is short and uncomplicated, but literally filled with taunting and bullying behavior. A sample follows, for your reading displeasure: "Dung Beetle," "cow," "nitwit," "lackwit," "No brain," "Idiot," "Clodpole," "Nincompoop," "Brainless Brat," "Good for Nothing," and "fool." The book's best part is the five page Author's Note, which is about the practice of midwifery through history. Better Newberry winners: The Tale of Despereaux: Being the Story of a Mouse, a Princess, Some Soup, and a Spool of Thread by Kate DiCamillo; A Single Shard by Linda Sue Park; and The Giver by Lois Lowry.
I did not care for the novel.  I felt it dealt with stereotypical menopausal issues in an unrealistic setting where the protagonist had unlimited funds and was running away from a life she had instituted through her own misguided choices.  However, my book club was strongly divided on the book with some members in the &#34;I loved it&#34; category.
This is a very difficult book to follow. Be prepared to read the same page a couple of times to understand which character is talking. One of those literary achievements that is written as a "stream of consciousness", with few chapter breaks. I think few would care to admit that they gave up on the book after 100 pages and went on to a Leon Uris novel.  I am sorry if I insult all those literary snobs out there with 720s on their verbal SATs, but this is not that good a book.Still, One Flew... is still a classic and one of my all time favorites.
Granted.  We have all the information (and more) we can absorb in our lifetime.  We do not need any more of it:  we just need to understand it.  So we search for things,  (and books) that are straightforward,  direct,  so we can grasp its concept easily.  This is not the case.  Oversimplified,  obvious,  almost offensive to one's intelligent,  this book,  that  contains no new ideas or points of view,  is one of the most overrated item  I've seen in a long time.  Please:  do yourself a favour:  for simple yet  intelligent material,  go somewhere else
This is one of the worst books in the world---in my humble opinion!  OK, I'm in the minority.  Most of the reviewers LOVED the book.  I think this book is a waste of beautiful words!  Yes, Conrad had a beautiful English vocabulary.  But, the "story" is "encrusted" with so many words you'll tire of it after awhile. OK, try the book, but now, at least, you won't feel as I did,  "What's wrong with ME that I don't like this book."  You won't feel "alone" in your reaction.  I think "Heart of Darkness" is a much better book.  Comments?  boland7214@aol.PS:  As of 1-15-07 I see that I have ZERO "yes" votes for my review.  That's "mean".  I'm just giving my honest reaction.  You don't have to agree with me but why not give me a break for spending the time and energy just to write my thoughts----thoughts which MIGHT help someone....maybe not you....but someone.  Thanks.
I have always enjoyed Ruth Rendell's books especially Inspector Wexford. but found this one rather boring and not to her usual standard.  Time for Inspector Wexford to really retire this time. though I shall miss him!
For children, or an adult who has lived in a cave his whole life this book is a great primer.  The concept is phenomenol, accept change and move on.  I found "Oh The Places You'll Go" by Dr. Seuss to be a much more fulfilling book.  Again, if you are trying to motivate a child--or possibly a teen, this is a great book, but as an adult, I only found this book mildly entertaining.  I'm sure the author took his cheese and laughed his way all the way to the bank.
I'm nearly tempted to give &quot;Phone Calls from the Dead&quot; a couple of extra stars for what might be the best paranormal title in the history of publishing.  Certainly, this insane and vastly entertaining non-examination of long-long-distance calls from The Land Beyond Area Codes deserves some credit for being a fun read.  And the book is educational in its own way as a marvelous study in the practice of leaping (connecting?) to elaborate conclusions based on no evidence whatsoever.  So maybe I should be kinder in my rating.  It's a tough call.Anyway, in this book we learn about &quot;Theta-agents&quot; contacting the living via telephone to give cryptic messages on behalf of the (usually) recently departed.  We learn about living people sometimes placing phone calls without actually placing them.  (I wonder what those look like when the bill arrives?)  And we are presented with alternate theories, none of which I can reCALL at the moment.  Paranormal writers always present a variety of theories, possibly in the hope that the reader will not get hung up on any one theory.  And, in keeping with the paranormal party line, these authors don't hesitate to suggest that any or all criticism of their views is off-line.  Obviously, we are to free our minds of any critical static as they ring in one theory after another.Crank literature can be tedious, but this book flows quite smoothly, with a serious and busy tone that contrasts greatly with the sheer lunacy of the material.  I eagerly await &quot;Crank Calls from the Dead&quot; and &quot;Phantom Telemarketers.&quot;  And I hope no one from beyond ever calls me collect.
Parts of the background  are intetesting.  But did not really give any insight on how to associate personality traits with behaviour or observations.  So doesnt really help you understand people wih different traits
Just finished this so-called masterpiece and found it to be an average read at best.  Yes, there were parts that made me chuckle, but they ran about even with those that bored me enough to fast forward through some sections. I leave this book without keeping a memory of even one likeable character.I'm glad for those readers who found this book to be so enthralling. I'm glad we all don't have the same likes and opinions or it would make for a very dull world.
After writing Ulysses, Joyce faced a problem: what to do next. In Ulysses, Joyce had taken the novel form to perhaps its outermost limits (even today, fancy writers like Pynchon, Gaddis, D.F. Wallace can only imitate Joyce, or try to). Joyce covered consciousness, time, love, memory, God, mythology, the daytime world. So he decided to write a book about the night, a dream world sort of place. If he had reached the limits of what language could accomplish in Ulysses, why, then he had to invent a new language. Which he tried to do. Pity it's a private language, all but completely inaccessible, little different from baby talk, when you pare away all the phony portmanteau nonsense. Finnegans Wake is narcissistic drivel. Highly accomplished, yes. But so what? Who has the time for this?
...Amazon should have higher standards than this.  Ignore this recommendation at your peril.  At minimum, the Kindle version should contain the entire book...not just one chapter.
I have been wondering all these years about this book..everyone raves about it, calls it a classic, my niece even said she re-reads it every few years, so that did it, I bought the damn book..read the damn book, then when I finished the last page I wondered why everyone thinks this is such a great book..maybe it was the times, or maybe they don't read a lot of books, but I find that there are many, many better authors than J.D. Salinger...hmmm, maybe it's just me
This was a really quick and boring read.  I figured so many people were ranting and raving about it that perhaps reading it might do me some good.  No, not really.The book is about a story of two mice and two little people who live in a maze and try to find cheese.  They all find a huge supply of cheese and when the cheese is all gone, the two mice go off to find more cheese while the two little people can't quite accept that the cheese is gone and isn't coming back.The story of the people at their high school reunion telling the story is laughable.  They're all so excited to discuss how the story changed their lives.  I wrote better stories in the 3rd grade.I was not motivated at all by this book.  View me as a Hem if you want, but the book is filled with things you SHOULD already know.  You have to change and adapt in this world if you're going to get anywhere in life.  You have to pay attention to your surroundings so you can notice when things are changing and be prepared for it.I honestly can't believe that there are people who don't already know this.  I can't see how reading this horribly written book will motivate anyone to change their ways.
Honestly this book was so slow moving I never ended up fisihing it.  I read over half of it and could not bring my self to waste any more time.  Just getting through what I did took me for ever because I had to make my self pick up the book and read it.  I would not recommend this book.  It is just to slow.
I was eagerly awaiting this book after reading great reviews of it and enjoying Dan Brown novels.  I was sorely disappointed.  Rather than setting out to write an interesting, well-written thriller, one is left with the distinct impression that the authors set out to impress everyone with their superior knowledge of Latin, Renaissance history, Princeton life, etc.  Unless things have changed drastically since my school days, college students simply do not live or talk this way, dropping references (in foreign langauges, of course) to Pliny the Elder or French philosophers to express how they feel about something totally unrelated, or finishing one another's quotes from Milton in the middle of a discussion about girlfriends, or whatever they were doing.... one started not to care while rolling ones eyes at the sheer pretension of this book.There are also serious flaws in the timing which make the plot not credible.  The Naked Run occurs during the first snow of the school year, which they have happen in APRIL? No snow in NJ in Nov. through March? Right. And the amount of traveling and activities Paul and Tom get done in the hour and a half before a lecture on Good Friday evening (lets see, a trip to and through the steam tunnels, a chase, the Naked Run, a trip to Tom's girlfriend's dorm, a meeting in the library, another meeting in the art musuem, etc., etc.  And they still make the lecture on time!) also makes this novel unbelievable. I kept flipping back to make sure I was understanding the timing right.It was one of those I finished merely because of my habit of finishing everything I start to read, like it or not, and hoping it would get better.  It didn't.
As far as I'm concerned, language courses without the cassette tape are useless. No matter how much you understand the rules, grammar, conjugations, declensions, etc. they don't help you pronounce the words correctly.  I will neve again buy a language &quot;instruction&quot; book without audio.No one ever learned to speak their native tongue by first reading a work book.
A fantastic book so real.....however the copy I received wasn't in very good condition - the spin was all broken so I was a bit disappointed in this....the first time I have received a book in such condition.
After reading the first couple of hundred pages, I felt something was not right. The notation the author used to explain his OO theories seemed like I was actually being forced to learn a computer language syntax. Before buying, I remember reading through some of the Amazon reviews that mentioned this book was an advertisement for Bertrand Meyer's Eiffel language. So I got online to find some Eiffel syntax and programming examples. Sure enough, Meyer's had me secretly learning his OO language, Eiffel!The first big clue comes in Chapter 36. Meyer's writes, "the language is the notation that we have devised in part C and applied throughout the book." The Epilogue is the epiphany moment. It's entitled, "Epilogue, In Full Frankness Exposing the Language." In the last paragraph he thanks the reader for "patiently" following along, unveiling that the "anonymous language" used throughout the book is actually Eiffel! He concludes, "welcome to the world of Eiffel." BTW, this is on page 1,163!I give it 2 stars because 4 of the 36 chapters (~120 pages) are actually worth reading and have very little cruft. These chapters are included in Part B, "The Road To Object Orientation." They cover some very key OO topics, such as modularity, reusability, decomposition, genericity, and abstract data types (ADT). I especially liked the contrast of functional and object-based decomposition in chapter 5. Meyer's argument really gives you a sense of the power of OO languages in application development environments compared to functional or structured languages, such as C or Ada.However, I bought the book believing it was a language independent study of OO methods. I made this assumption from the title, table of contents, and the book's back cover description. I feel very cheated and would not recommend this book to anybody who is looking for an in-depth read of OO analysis, design or programming. It wastes time introducing the "anonymous" Eiffel syntax, evolution, and implementation when the reader doesn't quite understand the big secret yet.
I work in the investigative field and can say while there is some useful info in here, much of the book is about the author's gloating over his career.  This would be fine in an autobiography, but just serves as filler material for the book.  How about some table layouts or listings of "must have" sources to aid in investigation.  Instead, we are forced to read the author's long winded narratives.  Also, there's nothing in the book about searching for individual's delinquent taxes.  I'm surprised a former federal agent didn't even cover that aspect.  Overall this book needs a complete rewrite.
This whole series of books is so misleading!! There is nothing "fringe science" or remotely dangerous or interesting in most of these "evil genius" books. NOTHING EVIL and NOTHING CLOSE TO GENIUS. This guy should give up writing these awe-un-inspired books - the kind of books that are so mediocre they probably do more harm than good - when kids get bored and turned off by reading this crap they just might turn evil and hopefully burn all of predkos crappy books.
After The Street Lawyer, I decided not to invest in further John Grisham novels. When I saw the reviews for Painted House, I changed my mind. I wish I hadn't !! There was almost no plot, very little character 'building' and, as a consequence, I found the story flat and lifeless. Sorry, Mister Grisham, but this really wasn't for me.
Ugh - I know I'm going to be unpopular with this review, but I did not enjoy this book. I tried. I really tried. But it was all for naught.This book is touted as historical, when, in fact, it is not - it is set in an historical time, but this is a period piece, not a story set in a "richly detailed" historical epoch. You may put the book down knowing that the Scots and Brits didn't like each other in the 1700s, but this isn't richly detailed history. Likewise, you may learn that women had to wear dresses and were treated poorly in the 1700s, but again, this knowledge was probably obtained in grammar school and is not overly insightful.This book is 98% "romance" and not a very convincing romance at that. When have women who are raped and beaten really enjoyed it? Yet we're asked to believe that Claire is "taken" by her husband as he spews forth such terms as "wench" and "I'll take ye," and is also beaten severly but comes to realize the importance of physical violence. PLEASE! This is just ridiculous and eventually becomes so pervasive that one is tempted to skip a good quarter of the middle of the book since it involves quasi-rape scenes through and through.If you're looking for a truly historical novel, skip this one. And if you're looking for realistic romance, skip this, too. If you like reading about misogyny and masochism, have at it!
Readers should be aware that Plimer is a member of the Humanist Society of Victoria. Its membership application (1994) says 'I subscribe to the objects and rules of the Humanist Society of Victoria in order to create a society in which a person may reach their full potential free from supernatural beliefs'.It's difficult to believe that anyone could honestly claim that his book was respectful to religion and not anti-Christian when it's full of puerile mocking of the Scripture, which Jesus said "cannot be broken" (John 10:35). He also claims on p. 278 that belief in life after death is evidence that one has not been 'taught how to think'. It seems the main reason for this tirade against creationism is that it challenges his religious faith.He uses about every unfair rhetorical trick in the book, including leading questions and guilt by association. Despite being subtitled 'reason vs. creationism', Plimer seems incapable of stringing two logical thoughts together. Plimer even brags about deceiving creationists in several places. So if he thinks that dishonesty is justified when attacking creationism, then how can a reader be sure that he's not deceiving them elsewhere for the good of the 'cause'?In fact, Plimer's book has the dubious distinction of being the most embarrassing anti-creationist book for many anti-creationists. His fellow anti-creationist Jeffrey Shallit described this as 'a shoddily-written polemic that, in places, verges on the hysterical' and documents examples of poor grammar, straw-man arguments, and the worst academic sin, plagiarism. Another sceptic, Jim Lippard, has described some passages in the book as being 'nothing less than a dishonest hatchet job', and uses Plimer as an example of 'How not to argue with creationists'. An anti-creationist scientist, Ian Hore-Lacy, says that Plimer 'displays a surprising ignorance of nuclear physics'.Plimer made many serious allegations against the Creation Science Foundation, now Answers in Genesis. Note that the charges were investigated by a committee chaired by well-known anti-corruption campaigner and former Chief Magistrate of New South Wales, Clarrie Briese, who was then a part-time commissioner with the NSW Crime Commission. And the rest of the committee all had impeccable public reputations, independent of CSF/AiG. The investigation concluded: "The grave allegations and/or innuendo against the ethics of CSF and its directors are not supported by the evidence.... CSF and its directors have been often and seriously misrepresented [in Telling Lies ...]."For all Plimer's self-professed scientific expertise, there are many crass blunders in science, quite aside from the creation/evolution issue. For example:(From a blatant plagiarism of an obviously tongue-in-cheek article about heaven and hell in the Bible) 'Brimstone (sulphur) is solid below 444 degrees C' (p. 21). But this is the boiling point of sulphur. Somehow, Plimer has confused melting point and boiling point. Sulphur actually melts at 119 degrees C. Perhaps he also thinks that water is solid below 100 degrees C?On pp. 29-30, he gets the important chemical concept of racemization completely back-to-front.On p. 125, Plimer claims: 'Kuru is *only* transmitted by cannibalism, by eating the brains of another human afflicted with the disease'. But New Scientist 142(1927):36, May 28, 1994 pointed out: 'Kuru was transmitted through handling and *possibly* eating tissue from infected corpses during funeral rites in Papua New Guinea' (emphasis added).For a possible reason he was accused of 'surprising ignorance of nuclear physics', see this passage from p. 25: 'This process of radioactive decay involves the release of energy and atomic particles (alpha particles) ... This method of radoactive [sic] dating uses well-known physics. This physics is tried and proven. It is the same physics which enables us to make nuclear reactors and nuclear bombs. If such a process did not work or was wrong, then nuclear reactors would not work (as they utilise the known rate of energy released from uranium 238) and our solar system's giant nuclear reactor (the sun) would not warm the earth.'.Of course, most high-school physics students know that the power source of nuclear reactors is actually *fission* (*not* alpha decay) of uranium *235* or plutonium 239, *not* uranium 238. They also know that the sun's main source is *fusion* of *hydrogen* atoms.  Of course, his claims about dating, involving atoms falling apart are irrelevant to fusion, where atoms come together.On p. 19, Plimer complains that the Bible is wrong to talk about the sun rising and setting. Maybe he should abuse modern astronomers and meteorologists who are also happy to say 'look at that beautiful sunset'. If Plimer knew elementary physics, he would know that motion must be described with respect to a reference frame, and all are equally valid for descriptive purposes, as astronomers such as the late Fred Hoyle have affirmed.Plimer's analysis of the Bible shows a complete ignorance of the original language or historical context. For example, on p. 17, Plimer claims the Bible is wrong to state that bats are birds, camels do not have cloven hooves, turtles have voices, etc. However, the Hebrew word translated 'bird' is `owph, and simply means 'winged/flying creature', which bats certainly are! The word is derived from `uwph meaning 'to fly'. The Hebrews simply classified animals according to function, which is perfectly reasonable. The Bible is right about camels too -- they have an elastic pad at the bottom of their hoof, which helps prevent it from sinking into the sand. This pad means the hoof is not fully divided. And if Plimer had consulted a modern translation rather than KJV where English words had different meanings from they do today, he would have found out that the verse is referring to turtle*doves*, which certainly do have voices!Even sillier is his claim: '... the 23 letters of the alphabet ... ' (p. 224), although we haven't ascertained which three he doesn't accept.  And he or his hero-worshippers can't claim that it is referring to an ostensibly 23-letter phrase from Dawkins, "Methinks it is like a weasel", because since the phrase involves the right sequence of 28 units with 27 possible types of character *including the space*.  Dawkins' starting sequence always had 28 characters in various combinations of letters and spaces, such as "WDLMNLT DTJBKWIRZREZLMQCO P " typed by his baby daughter.Silliest of all is Plimer's statement: 'In my view, the Bible is not true. However, it is the Truth.' (p. 289) Plimer could certainly do with an elementary course on logic. Bear in mind that this is a strange sort of statement from a humanist, unless he was trying to curry favour with compromising churchians who might be put off if he was more up-front about his anti-Christianity.Finally, *every single allegation* has been answered point-by-point by Answers in Genesis on its web site. Because of all this, it's just a shame that 'anti-stars' (negative numbers) aren't available for reviewer rankings.
I was disappointed in this book. Not  as scientific as I wantedfollows the 'traditional, conventional' typically American Medicaleducated physicians route.  Dr. Brownstein's work is a much betterchoice.
This textbook was inflicted upon me for a class that I was teaching.  The book is pretty to look at, with lots of colored boxes and friendly-looking diagrams.  It will set your career back years to learn C++ from this book.  It makes easy things hard and discourages students from trying to move on in the field.Your money would be better spent buying Stroustrupe'sC++ Programming Language (4th Edition).  It's not as pretty, but unlike Dietel & Dietel, easy to understand.  When you read Stroustrupe you'll wonder why you didn't start programming in C++ earlier.If you buy the book in this review, you'll wonder why anybody would ever use C++.
DeLillo is supposed to be one of our best contemporary novelists. Alas, when I picked up this book, I found a world of Hitler obsessions, death worries, multiple divorces, sexual blackmail, and toxic waste disasters.  Perhaps there is some satyrical level that I didn't get, but I couldn't identify with any of this.  THe characters are two dimensional and the story is too outlandish to be taken seriously.Is it my imagination, or are contemporary novels supposed to be bizarre?  Sure, American suburbs are like an odd bubble in history, but no one I know is this crazy.  This is mediocre.
AND I need to read/watch/surround myself with laughter and joy for the next couple of days. I ran out to my local library to get this book based on the good reviews. I thought, "wow, this book must be awesome for all the 5 star reviews". To me, the book was slow. I just kept waiting for the good parts, but alas (to me anyway) there was SOME, but definitely not enough.I don't want to touch this book again. What I'm feeling right now is, is sickness from the violence I've made myself endure. There was just too much violence and rape for me in this ONE book. I didn't even finish this book, because ....THIS IS A SPOILER SO DON'T READ THIS IS YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS IN THE BOOK JUST YET...... when I got to where Jamie was bargaining himself to Randall to free Claire. Lord, I just couldn't continue. I was overcome with this revulsion for the book. I mean throughout all the violence Jammie and Claire has gone through, I thought surely Ms. Gabaldon would not write of Jamie being raped. But alas, Jamie was raped by Randall. I don't know, I don't know how anyone could enjoy reading about rape, but I couldn't. I had to stop when I skimmed for the next couple 50 pages, and was proven that what I didn't want to happen did happen.I guess to each their own, but this was not by any way the book I was expecting when I went out to get it. I just had to put down my one cent since I'm feeling sick all over from reading this book. I guess I'm just not made for this book. I'm more for books with more happiness and I can endure violence and misfortune in a book,  but I just couldn't anymore in this book.
These novels mimic the happy ramblings of an airheaded schoolgirl only too well. Colette can turn a nice phrase at will, but it doesn't make up for the insubstantialness of Claudine's thoughts about her experience of life.
Being a 3rd year medical student, I purchased this book to study for my family med rotation and also prepare for the shelf exam. I was disappointed in the book. It really did not help me at all. I found the book to vague when it came to the details required both during my rotation and the shelf exam. Although pretest helped me in our rotations it did not help me with this one!
I recommend John H. Manhold&#8217;s 3-star review of January 26, 2014 and avoid repeating his comments and criticisms.  I wonder if he read the Kindle edition as I did.  I found this Kindle production to be deeply flawed, with some of the same complaints that Manhold expressed.  First, no &#8220;real&#8221; page numbers, just that awful Loc number&#8212;and at one point a chapter appeared to just end and I had no idea what the beginning of the next chapter was about so tried several times to figure it out until I found that the &#8220;locs&#8221; skipped four &#8220;pages?&#8221;&#8212;no wonder.  Towards the end, I wondered if some chapters had been reversed.  Beyond the Kindle problems (carelessness!), I don&#8217;t think this work itself had an identity&#8212;a Cozy?&#8212;a Mystery?&#8212;an academic satire?&#8212;a slapstick comedy ? (2 men batching and eating, with relish, disgusting &#8220;gourmet&#8221; meals)--a tribute to Emily D&#8217;s various mysteries and her poetry?  I am one of those academically trained literature readers and I can&#8217;t imagine that most people would &#8220;get&#8221; a lot of what was alluded to about Emily D.  As other reviews implied, too many characters are &#8220;cut out&#8221; or even ridiculous (a female villain hides her evil deeds in the folds of her fat) or pathetic (her father cut her finger off when she ran away as a child). There are some admirable characters but they do seem either long-suffering or unreasonably heroic and successful in their heroics.  Oh well, I only paid a $1.98.
The fullest review I have read of this book on Amazon is by Damian Kelleher (30 December 2006), and I suggest you read his review before you read mine, for that saves me from having to repeat what the book is about.  Some people might resent that review (though I did not) because it certainly contains spoilers: for example, it alerts the reader not only to the fact that the book changes pace and tone about half way through, but also to the occasion and the reason which prompts that change.  It also shows that the complicated Prologue of Part One - in which one Angel explains to another how and why he has manipulated the encounter of Max, Onno and Ada - will only come into its own a long way into the book; without that knowledge, one is puzzled by the Prologue for some 180 pages, because there appears nothing at all supernatural in these encounters or in the well-told story of how the relationship develops: we do not get the feeling that everything in that development is pre-ordained by the Angel to produce a particular result.  The same is true of the Prologue to Part Two: here the story is stranger, more dramatic, and the relationships - now also involving Ada's enigmatic mother Sophia - even more complex than in the first; but it could perfectly well stand on its own, detached from anything the Angels had said.Although I urge you to read Kelleher's review, I cannot say that I agree with everything he says.  For example, he says that there is `never the idea that Mulisch is hitting us over the head with his cleverness' and in that respect contrasting him favourably with Umberto Eco.  In Part One I had the opposite impression: the conversations between Max and Onno certainly are studded with references to a wide and impressive range of knowledge, but they rarely do more with these references than drop them into the conversation: they mostly do not set off any genuine discussion of these ideas, and in that respect they are, I think, much less stimulating to the reader than the sustained way in which Eco handles ideas (but I have only read The Name of the Rose).  They are, in a sense, showing off: for example, Max (and Mulisch, I think) aim to impress by knowing that Beethoven's Grosse Fuge op.133 originated from the conclusion of opus 130. (p.162).However, in Part Two we do get the beginning of more sustained reflections: for example, Max, the astronomer, thinks about the insignificance of unpredictable events on this earth when seen in he context of the `inhuman reliability' of the vast universe - and yet how hugely significant is the birth of a single human being, and how, though we are so small compared with the universe, our mind is yet great enough to contain the awareness of it and to reflect on it.In Part Three we see Ada's son, the Wunderkind Quinten, growing up.  A child's imagination is often surrealistic and at the same time strikingly insightful.  This particular child triggers off metaphysical ideas on which the adults expand and expound at some length, freewheeling as they go along.  They involve astronomy, architecture, music, become increasingly complex and recondite, and  now begin to connect somewhat with what we have heard from the Angels; and their activity manifests itself not least in a supernatural intervention at the end of that section.The supernatural becomes strong in the last part of the book.  It begins with the Angel sending a raven to Onno.  It will put in a mysterious appearance again later in this part; initially it merely encourages Onno to ruminate - at great length, with some originality  and again in a freewheeling style - on such practical matters as the origin of political power.  But for most of this part we are in Dan Brown territory (though the Da Vinci Code is a lot easier to follow than what we have here):  Quinten, now 17, is in Rome and, piecing together biblical and other texts, he is convinced that the Tablets of the Law , enclosed in the lost Ark of the Covenant, are now actually inside the altar of the Sancta Sanctorum in the Piazza San Giovanni in Lateran, and he intends to steal them ... Of course it all has to end in more surrealism.  At the end one of the Angels purports to explain it all to the other Angel - but, frankly,  he hasn't managed to explain it to me!I have noted just a few of the many strands in this book: some are well-developed (like Onno's involvement in Dutch politics), while others are very thin: for example, it is hard to remember who is who among the  seventeen original inhabitants of the castle in Part Two.  The book is in fact rather a ragbag into which Mulisch has packed everything from  philosophy through the politics of the 1980s to a tour round the sights of Venice, Florence and Rome.  He has some arresting and interesting thoughts, but at times he strikes me as pretentious and at other times, especially in Part Four, tediously didactic.  I think he tries to do too much.  I bought the book because I had been impressed by Mulisch's earlier novel, `The Assault' to which I gave five stars (see my review); but I was relieved when I had finished this one - as well as disappointed by what was supposed to be its climax.
This book gets a mixed review from me.  If I were reviewing it 14 months ago, when everything was in chaos, I would have given it a better review.  There are time to take credit risk, and times not to.  There are times to extend maturity, and times not to.  There are times to seek inflation protection, and times not to.  There are times to invest abroad, and times not to.This book takes a view of income investing that is correct for average credit markets, for the most part.  But average credit markets rarely exist.  Few investors possess the fortitude to go through the nadir of the credit cycle, and ride it into the next cycle.With high yield, he offers a simple stop-loss strategy.  Good.  But he should offer something similar on preferred stocks and dividend-paying common stocks, which are riskier than high yield bonds.The chapter on writing covered calls is simplistic, but the truth is that most of us are simplistic with covered calls -- we look for free yield, and often gain losses greater than the income received.The book gives simple and reasonable descriptions of various bond types, and other income oriented assets.  In general, it understands the relative riskiness of all of them, with exceptions noted above.The title is a great title, but I would have loved to have seen a different book that would have taught people to analyze yield spreads, and getting people to think when there is enough compensation for the risk involved, and when there is not.Who would benefit from this bookIf you don't understand income investments, this book could be useful to you, and the book is not long.  It is an easy read.  In general I don't agree with the way the book is designed, but if you have a lot of self-discipline, the book will prove useful to you.
Overwritten.  That's the word that best describes Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason's novel, "The Rule of Four."  The authors begin with a fascinating premise, that of an ancient book containing a series of riddles and codes which guard a secret that men have died to uncover.  But having laid the foundation for what could be a gripping and suspenseful mystery, the writers then proceed to add layer upon layer of complicated subplots pertaining to Ivy League college life, generational conflicts, ill-fated romances, and unsteady friendships.  This, combined with a writing style that tends to emphasize form over content, yields a narrative that is too wordy, too unfocused and too obscure.  Assaulted with a barrage of clues drawn from historical minutiae, the reader is left with the uncomfortable impression that the authors are simply showing off, and the book becomes a chore, so much so that I was left with a feeling of exhausted relief as I finally slogged my way through the last sentence.I give the authors an "A" for their basic idea, an "F" for execution, and a "D" for the final result.  If you insist on reading it, perhaps you'll be able to answer one question that should have been easy to answer:  was all this business about tunnels and murders and proms and thesis deadlines and explosions and fires really supposed to have occurred over the course of one single Easter weekend?  If I were you, I wouldn't bother trying to figure out the answer.  Regrettably, not recommended.
I bought this book hoping to learn about XML. What I learned was that B-movies are something I can safely avoid, and that they have NOTHING to do with XML. This is a long book filled with personal anicdotes with only an  occasional smattering of discussion about XML. I read it all the way  through, and then headed to the bookstore to find another book so I could  learn about XML.You won't learn about XML from this book.
Wow, this book is writen in an intensly negative manner. It will tell you (supposedly) why you have these issues and make it clear that you have issues, and that's as far as it gets. It focuses ONLY on your childhood exsperieces and saying that you were not raised properly and then leaves you hanging. Nevermind that I truley think that a good handful of the "your childhood's to blame" hypothesises are crap, even if they are the reason, this book tells you absolutly no way to counter act those feelings. I buy books alllll the time and rarely felt like I have wasted my money as I get at least something out of it. Well, this is the first book that I feel like I've wasted my money on. Heck, I have a bodyways book I just picked up that are helping me much more deal with my emotions then this book does. Gah!!
This simple, plain and uninspiring book can be read in 15 minutes. It shows a variety of elementary, no-surprise, common sense ways to be a nice person. It would be a good book for a pre teen to learn about basic social skills.It does not show how to get what you want without having to ask.There was one good idea that stood out. If someone is unsure whether to shake another person's hand, the author says, "Hang on, who put the other person in charge of the script?"That's as about as good a nugget of wisdom as you're going to find in this yawn of a book.The author seems like a nice person. I wanted to give him a good review. Sometimes being nice doesn't cut it, and doesn't get what you want without having to ask. Sorry.The book doesn't deliver. I don't recommend it to anyone over the age of 15 unless they really need a lot of help.
This lengthy book is tedioius and uninspired. The style is awkward and the recurring italics are destracting. I have never seen so much brooding packed in a single book. Do we need to know all of Morgaine's thoughts?The characters are cardboard cutouts and love scenes exude no passion. I fail to see what so many people think is so great about this book. I approached it with a lot of goodwill, almost all of it dissipated by page 60, then I read on a bit more and that was that. I continued to turn the pages, reading passages here and there, but it was the same thing. I found no new insights here about Christianity or the pagan beliefs of pre-Christian Britain. Sadly, I cannot recommend this enormous volume for its educational or entertainment value.
book I have ever read.  This is not entertainment, this is tediousness.  Maybe if I read novels for a living I would appreciate the challenge, but this book is like an ungreatful girlfriend.  You do your best to understand  her and get nothing back in return.
This book is simply too condensed for a novice to negotiation to get anything useful out from it.P.
That should have been the title of this collection of college student angst.  I fell for the publication hype, and knew I had made a mistake after 20 pages. This book bears no resemblence to &quot;The Divinci Code&quot; in either story line or character development.  Besides telling me more about Princeton than I would ever want to know, the authors (in their obvious arrogance for their alma mater)allow this sideshow to interfere with the pace of the story. Finally, they cop out on the one interesting part of the story, the quest to uncover the secret of the book.  The book jacket says they started writing &quot;The Rule of Four&quot; in 1998.  Their effort did not age well like a fine wine.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have never been a fan of T.C. Boyle--but my book club chose this book so I felt I had to read it. I enjoyed the first couple of chapters, but it soon became clear that it was going on and on without character development, without sensitivity or subtlety. The characters are not likeable, they are either pathetic or brutal (sometimes both), their political positions are exaggerated, the Mexicans don't talk or think like Mexicans or other Spanish-speakers I have known. There is no sense that Boyle knows the Spanish language--which after all is not just English with other words. The language one speaks informs the perceptions of the world and the thoughts about reality one is likely to think. It's all hitting the reader over the head like a hammer. There is an adolescent insistence on gore and sensational violence--which is what I remember about Boyle from attempts to read him before. He hasn't grown as a writer (or a person, I can't help feeling). Sometimes you feel when you have finished a book that you have been in the presence of a great soul--not the case here, emphatically not!
I thought I was reading a description of the Salem witch trials or McCarthyism.The author is very biased. The author admits,"Personally, I do not think that anyone (Milken) should be making that kind of money ($550M in 1987)."Bruck appears to structure this work of fiction on the thesis of Hofstadter's "The Paranoid Style of American Politics"From Hofstader:"The central image is that of a vast and sinister conspiracy, a gigantic and yet subtle machinery of influence set in motion to undermine and destroy a way of life."The paranoid scholarship starts with "a careful accumulation of facts, or at least what appear to be facts, and (goes on) to marshal these facts towards an overwhelming "proof" of the particular conspiracy that is to be established....what distinguishes the paranoid style is not, then, the absence of verifiable facts.... but rather the curious leap in imagination that is always made at some critical point in the recital of events.""The enemy is clearly delineated; he is a perfect model of malice, a kind of amoral superman: a sinister, ubiquitous, powerful.....Unlike the rest of us, the enemy is not caught in the toils of the vast mechanism of history, himself a victim of his past, his desires, his limitations. He is a free, active, demonic agent. He wills, indeed he manufactures the mechanism of history himself, or deflects the normal course of history in an evil way. He makes crises, starts runs on banks, causes depressions, manufacturers disasters, and then enjoys and profits from the misery he has produced....very often the enemy is held to possess some especially effective source of power: he controls the press; he directs the public mind through "managed news"; he has unlimited funds; he has a new secret for influencing the mind (brainwashing);....he is gaining a stranglehold on the educational system."I hope the author credits Hofstader for plagiarizing the story.
This book is good for people who already have faith in Catholic doctrine and who aren't looking for a serious defense of Catholicism's weak points.  Weigel does a good job of pointing out some of the beauties of the faith, and I appreciated his explanations of Vatican II.  When it comes to the thorny issues, though, such as why Catholics forbid women the priesthood, this book proved to be one of the most intellectually weak opinion pieces I have ever read.  It's full of either-or fallacies; straw men; and misdirected, missing, and contradictory arguments.For example, Weigel refers to the "common priesthood of all the people of God" (p. 66) and refers to the "personal equality of all the people of the Church by reason of their being created in the image of God, and their spiritual equality because of their baptism" (p. 67).  Then, on the same page no less, he begins an argument that men are the only gender fit for priesthood because their "maleness" allows them to "iconographically re-present Christ."  To me that sounded oddly like Animal Farm's "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."  Furthermore, there's more than one flaw in Weigel's argument here.  Weigel argues that humanity can't handle worshipping Cardinal Ratzinger's "invisible, remote, and mysterious" God without creating more accessible images, like a golden calf.  Therefore, the male priest presents the image of Jesus that our human weakness requires.  But why is it the maleness of the priest that makes this substitute effective?  Of all the qualities of Jesus one might want a priest to embody, why is gender-rather than faith, compassion, selflessness, or wisdom, for example-a dominant one?  Moreover, if it -is- gender that makes the difference, would a sex change operation qualify a woman for priesthood?  Weigel doesn't take up these arguments; he merely asserts opinion.I bought this book based on the glowing reviews of the other readers, hoping for a reason to believe in Catholic theology, and was highly disappointed.
First and foremost this is a book that promises to teach you how to Trade Your Way to Financial Freedom from a guy who does not trade himself but relies on second-hand information from those who do (supposedly) many of whom are referred to by first names only. Its like learning to fly from someone who is not a pilot - sure his observations may be interesting but what can he really tell you or show you what to do when the going gets tough or when you need some real, in the trenches advice?Why buy this book when there are so many much better books, newsletters and/or seminars out there by far more qualified authors, namely real traders with real track records? If you want books about traders, Jack Schwager's Market Wizards is a far better choice.Disclosure - Review copy provided free.
I'm equally shocked and sadly not surprised by all the good reviews for this book. Yes, it's engaging and well written, for the most part, though I do think Gabaldon is wordy at times. But there are two major flaws:1. It's completely unbelievable. Yes, time travel is inherently unbelievable, but a good writer will push that aside with her ability to take fictional characters and make them real despite the absurdity of their circumstances. Yet, here, we've got a main character who comes from a relatively modern era, is supposed to be worldly and feisty, is hurtled through time to barbaric 17th century Scotland, and barely bats an eyelash. Not only does she fit right in with her new and completely foreign peers (the occasional confusion over her use of modern words notwithstanding), but she readily accepts their barbaric (and to use her word, sadistic) culture as her own. Yeah, she balks initially and halfheartedly, but she so quickly realizes the error of her ways that you can't help wondering what kind of miserable life she must have led in the 1940s. She doesn't miss the radio, hot showers, butcher shops, cars, trains, paved streets, sweets, hand lotion, toothbrushes, or even civilized men. Which brings me to the next problem...2. This book is nothing more than a romance novel prettied up and disguised as a fantastical story. The "hero" is a domineering sexist, and the heroine is a submissive damsel in distress. Boy meets girl. Boy saves girl...over and over again. Girl occasionally saves herself and then blames boy for not doing it for her. Boy beats girl because she's his property and threatens to rape her because he just can't control his feelings for her. Girl forgives him because...well...she might just enjoy being abused. With books like this around, it's no wonder modern men have no idea what women want. I'm not sure I do. They say they want partners, but their romantic heroes are traditional brutes. If you like historical romances, read the Clan of the Cave Bear series. That too is just a romance novel made to be a fantasy, but at least the hero and heroine aren't offensive.
The writing itself is wonderful; it is the conversion from hardcopy to Kindle that is the problem.  There are so many &#34;typos&#34; that it is impossible to enjoy the writing fully.  Who wants to read and reread sentences and play detective to figure out what the author really wrote?  My guess is that  the publisher ran a hard copy through a scanner and used Optical Character Recognition to convert to Kindle, but never bothered to let a human do any quality control -- so flecks in the paper became periods (for example), or new words were invented.  I was enthusiastic about Kindle when I first got one as a gift, but after struggling halfway through this book, I'm ready to throw it away and go back to paper.  All 12 Kindle books I've read so far have had this problem, but this one is was the final straw.  So much for progress.  BUY THE PAPER VERSION!
I can't say the book is bad, because the kids seem to enjoy it - mostly for the animal pictures.  I eventually had to hide it because I got sick of reading it.  It just doesn't read well out loud - same phrase over and over and over and over just gets stuck on your tongue.
this novella's a breezy, engaging read, but it's principally a sketch and insufficiently developed to justify, in my view, the accolades it's getting from most reviewers. the story seems to me to exploit (and not so originally) a very basic, primitive fantasy. there's a somewhat neat twist towards the end, but still, it's pretty much a fluff piece, as i read it. this man can write, no question, but this is a light, not deep, book, whose impact dissipates quickly.
The great modern philosopher Charlie Sheen observed that Hemingway had taught him that the meaning of life was to 'fight a bull ; plant a tree; have a son; write a book' butI dont get Hemingway, at least any of his novels.  'The Snows of Kilimanjaro' and 'The Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber' are among the most sublime of short stories, but the novels arent of the same level.This may be one of the great novels of the 20th Century, but I couldnt understand what the fuss was all about.Hemingway's prose - supposed to be 'hard, athletic' - is insipid, dull and child-like.  Frankly,  some 15 year old could have written this aimless plot, inane observations on life, and general inability to maintain the reader's interest.Now, will someone please explain why the hell bullfighting is such a noble effort anyway.  I mean there are soldiers  (even in Hemingway's time) fighting and dying for great causes, poor people struggling with poverty and disease, ...And this Hemingway decides that some boring jackass trying to bag some idiotic English woman - while wasting his time in bull fighting arenas is somehow a great, noble story worth caring about?If this book doesnt convince you that Hemingway writes junk,  try 'The Old Man and the Sea'  now this may intended to be a meditation on what makes a creature (man or fish) noble but to me it was another children's book which might be more interesting if it had been written by a child.
It is difficult to categorize this book, but trust me when I say I would not like Harry Hole going to bat for me.  Harry is a detective who approves of animal cruelty, sleeps with potential witnesses and is so drunk by the end of the book that he couldn't possibly think straight. This book was part travelogue, part mythology,  part mystery, and a whole bunch of hooey.  I certainly don't want to read another Harry Hole detective story....ever.
Well, this will be the first and last time I ever read anything with the label 'Oprah's Book Club' on it. To think I actually thought this would be a depressingly romantic novel. Well, it only took me about half a year to realise that this was one of the most painful reads I've ever experienced. I don't understand the appeal, now that I have finally completed it. I wanted heartbreaking anguish, torturous characters. But what I got was a mopey stalker type novel, who's main character reaches pedophile levels. And we were supposed to feel sorry for him?The writing is stuffy and laborous and would not have been so utterly boring if the actual story was a bit more interesting. I connected with none of the characters and I barely felt the passing of 50 years in the novel. It seemed rushed, but at the same time, I felt as if the book would never end.It all seemed completely unrealistic to me and while I can understand how someone would find this book appealing and romantic, It had the opposite effect for me.
"Moral Intelligence: Enhancing Business Performance and Leadership Success" by Doug Lennick has a simple premise. Once you get that premise, the rest is about internalizing it, and living it out when the moral challenge presents itself.Accepting the premise of the book is easy: Do the right thing because it is the right thing, and enjoy business benefits in the process. -- The premise is the entire book. There. I have blown in 17 words what takes the author 256 pages to say. Sorry about that.If your sales manager gives you this book, you can flip through it, remember a few anecdotes, and you'll be set.That's my primary difficulty with the book. I did not disagree with the premise, or feel that his anecdotes were inconsistent. It takes a very deep message and handles it lightly, without as much substance as such a book should have.Very heavy on business anecdotes, it reads well, but has the tired tone of every business book on the planet, as if the writer went out of his way to quote as many people as possible, rather than looking into the questions more. Unfortunately, it is especially heavy in the financial planners/services sales people. Not much diversity of markets, business areas, or position.There are a few charts gussying up "Moral Intelligence" but no substantive grids that will help the reader understand the way morality looks in real life. A few statistics are dripped in here and there, but it always boils down to "Do the right thing."While no one expects a business ethics book to speak on the level of Aristotle or Augustine, it is reasonable that the author would present some grounding for morals. While he claims that relativism has been injurious to society in general, and to the workplace specifically, Lennick presents more of a generic understanding of morality. Touting a specific belief might get him into trouble, of course, yet by not doing so, he comes off bland and without a standard.Somehow, in all the quotes from upper middle managers, Lennick misses William Pollard, former CEO of ServiceMaster. In fact, there is no discussion of ServiceMaster entirely. ServiceMaster, a massive Fortune 500 company, has been until recently, very outspoken that it was called such because of a Christian belief system, short for "Service for the Master." A look into how this philosophy works, and how ServiceMaster struggled to do the right thing, would have been instructive. Blown opportunity.Lennick mentions the obvious criminals, like Ken Lay. He misses other law breakers, like PTL's Jim Bakker, and, in describing Lay's problems, provides nothing that has not been on the news. What Lennick could have done is outline the subtlties of business morality, and how we fall into breaking our own moral code.There is little here that doesn't begin, "Joe was an Assistant VP of FinancialMegaCorp, and noticed something askew with the month's figures. He realized his friend and colleague, Rick, had absconded with thousands of dollars. Should Joe talk to Rick, or gather evidence to bring to the firm's legal team?"Equally weak is the "Moral Competency Inventory" which has potential to reveal our true moral responses. With questions like, "When I agree to do something, I always follow through," I wonder if I just took a Cosmo quiz.Wharton School Publishing dropped the ball on this one, diminishing the school's great reputation for a strong program. While an education there is still top notch, putting their stamp of approval on this one was not on par. There is nothing bold here, except that the book was published in the first place.Anthony Trendleditor, HungarianBookstore.com
I agree with the previous reviews as far as typos and being flat out right wrong at times. I have just completed the book and the worst was the answers for the last chapter had the letters wrong. It is frustrating to see the letter state you are wrong, then the explanation support the choice you picked. Which means you cannot feel safe seeing the correct letter in the answer section, you still have to read the explanation to see if they match. Furthermore is the explanations that in no way support anything the PANCE expects you to know.A very poor study guide indeed.
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time," by author Mark Haddon, is the story of Christopher John Francis Boone, a fifteen-year-old boy who discovers his neighbor's dog dead and sets about to solve the mystery of who killed it, making many other discoveries along the way. In this book, readers are treated to a unique voice, not only in literature, but in life, as Christopher is developmentally disabled. He doesn't like other people and he doesn't like being touched; as a result, when confused or angry, he often screams, groans, or physically attacks others. In giving Christopher a voice, Haddon succeeds in making us identify with his protagonist for his similiarities, but not for his differences, and ultimately fails to recognize what makes Christopher special.By allowing Christopher to tell his own story, Haddon shows us that Christopher isn't really all that different from the rest of us, despite his disability.  While outsiders deride Christopher as "special needs" and an "elf," because we are allowed inside Christopher's mind, we can see that he is not a freak. In describing one of his episodes where he loses control, Christopher says, "I felt giddy. It was like the room was swinging from side to side, as if it was at the top of a really tall building and the building was swinging backward and forward in a strong wind . . . I rolled onto the bed and curled up in a ball." Hearing about Christopher's outbursts in his own voice, we feel compassion for his experience instead of fear. While obviously he is different from us - he can multiply 251 by 864 in his head, he counts prime numbers when he is upset, and he lacks imagination - he is also similar. Like us, Christopher feels happiness and sadness. He is happy when he can pretend he is the only person in the whole world and sad when he finds the dead dog. Also, Christopher, like the rest of us, has dreams: he is going to pass his A-levels, take more A-levels, go to the university, and become an astronaut. In fact, by the end of the book, after he has passed his A-levels, made plans to take further A-levels, and finished his book about who has killed his neighbor's dog, he knows he "can do anything."  Like the rest of us, Christopher has dreams, and his determination to make his dreams comes true makes him a character that we cannot only identify with but also root for.Unfortunately, though, in highlighting Christopher's similarities, Haddon never recognizes Christopher for his differences.  When he acts out, his mom and dad both hit him, and when he is mocked by his father's friend, his father - his primary caregiver, the one who cooks his meals, cleans his clothes, and looks after him - doesn't even defend his own son:  "I don't like it when Rhodri laughs at me. Rhodri laughs at me a lot. Father says it is being friendly." In fact, at one point, his own father mocks him, asking him, "How stupid are you?" Even worse, though, is the treatment of other students at Christopher's school.  While we are supposed to object when Christopher is mocked as "special needs" and a freak, Christopher treats his own schoolmates with similar contempt, particularly Joseph Fleming, who "eats everything," including "one of the little blocks of blue disinfectant which hang inside the toilets," "a 50 pound note from his mother's wallet," "string and rubber bands and tissues and writing paper and paints and plastic forks," and also "bangs his chin and screams a lot." Just as Christopher is shunned when he is at the train station, Christopher himself shuns Joseph.  Christopher sets himself as different not only from this boy but his entire school, as he says, "All the other children at my school are stupid." He is not like them, he is not stupid, because he is going to pass his A-levels, which in fact he succeeds at doing.  Christopher becomes acceptable, then, because he is not a Joseph Fleming; he is more like "one of us," so we can find him tolerable.  He can communicate with us and he is not stupid. We admire him in spite of his differences, not because of them, and in the process we fail to recognize Christopher for what makes him truly special.In giving Christopher a voice, Haddon succeeds in making us identify with his protagonist for his similiarities, but not for his differences, and ultimately fails to recognize what makes Christopher special. Because we are able to get inside Christopher's head, he does not seem so different from us; he is someone who can, to some extent, communicate with us, and someone we can learn from. But what about other mentally disabled people whose voices we don't have access to, like Joseph Fleming's?  Is it ok for us to shun them? In the classic book, "Flowers for Algernon," we come to like the disabled protagonist, Charley Gordon, not because he is similar to us, but because he is different. His differences are what make him special, and when he loses these differences, his character becomes almost unlikeable. In the "Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time," however, we come to identify with Christopher because we can see that he shares some of our qualities - he is good at math, or he likes dogs, or his parents are having problems - and we choose to ignore his differences.  In truth, though, we probably shouldn't like Christopher for how he is one of us, but for his differences. In the end, a book like "Flowers for Algernon" makes a stronger point: we should not, as "Curious Incident" suggests, find the developmentally disabled tolerable because somewhere, somehow, they are like us, but instead we should recognize them for their differences, because that is what makes them special.
No real value in this book.  The chat service is horrible.  Everyone is losing money there.  Buy Oliver Velez and Greg Capra book, Tools and Tactics for the Master Daytrader, and subscribe to their services.  They have over 65,000 members world wide.  That tells ypou something.  Obviously when you have that many members, most of them make money or they would have left, wouldn't they?  Compare that to the 400 members of Jea Yu site.  do you see what I am talking about?  Pristine is the only way to go.
Cleverly written though it may be, any book bemoaning current trends in the language in which it is written will ultimately become precisely what the author decries for one simple reason: All languages change.Anyone who has read Beowulf or even Canterbury tales in their original languages would be quick to point out the relative instability of language over long periods of time. English has changed considerably in the interval between now and the era in which said texts were put to paper (or more accurately, vellum), and will continue to change until either the language, or the people who speak it become extinct.Obviously languages like Greek and Lithuanian have changed little over a comparable period, but if you compare Homeric, Classical Attic, Koine, and Modern Greek side by side my point still rings true.I have to laugh whenever I read a book like this, it is always very enjoyable to glimpse the pretentious hang-ups of those who believe they know best.  Arguing the degradation of a language is a highly subjective and ultimately futile pursuit, similar to engaging in an altercation over the "best" style of painting, condemning all that followed as corruption. The impressionist works of the 19th century and the works of Dutch Golden Age painters like Rembrandt offer much fodder for contrast. One can even effectively argue that impressionism is the more simplistic of the two, but is it a degradation of the art of previous ages?  Much like art, language is a tool of human expression. A language's form is molded to suit the needs of it's speakers.  As with art, the question "Do you like it?" is irrelevant, the appropriate question to ask is "Does it make itself understood?"The answer is obviously "like, yeah dill-weed! Otherwise dudes wouldn't even be able to get what other dudes are saying."The fact that speakers of this "degraded" language can make themselves understood to the author indicates that these differing modes of speech are more alike than not, and I imagine that fact is a bit of a sore point here.All languages change over time; morphologically, phonologically, grammatically, syntactically, and yes, even stylistically.And there have always been, and will always be those who see language change as "degrading", but that fact never stops the change from occurring. As a standardized language of prestige, Latin has had a longer history than English, and it boasts at least four different conventions of "correct" pronunciation and usage - all stemming from different periods in the language's rich and diverse history.  That's without even scratching the surface of the myriad variants of Vulgar Latin which gave rise to the languages we now know as Italian, French, Spanish, Romanian, Portuguese etc.Imagine what Ovid or Virgil would make of Victor Hugo.I found this book to be quite lively, but pretentious nonetheless.  To suggest that a given generation and its values have "degraded" a language is about as snotty as it gets in my book.To Quote Winston Churchill on a related topic:"There are some things up with which I shall not put"
This book is definitely not for faint-hearted. The plot was ridiculous and the scenes too graphic. Claire and Jamie's reactions to certain situations are contradictory to their characters.For example, Claire's reaction to Jamie's abusive treatment towards her - no self-respecting educated modern-age woman (even from 1950s) would forgive such act by her lover/husband, even if she could not physically stop him. The book made it sound like beating Claire was the last resort Jamie had in order to restore respect among the clan. But it was not - they could have left the clan right then, rather he chose to beat her, and she forgave him - UNBELIEVABLE! Another example about character contradiction is when Jamie was tortured in prison. Why did Jamie give up fighting and submit himself to such cruelty after Claire got away? He knew he was going to die the next day anyway. Any worthy hero would have fought and faced death with dignity! Wasn't he supposed to be brave and heroic? Where was his courage when he needed it the most? - completely OUT OF CHARACTER! And what about Claire just left Jamie in prison to the "black jack" knowing what a price Jamie was paying - how could she live with herself?  And the author then described how Claire fought wolves to defend her precious life - where was her strength when she and Jamie fought Randall just before this scene? She could keep a whole pack of wolves at bay, yet she and Jamie together could not win the fight against Randall (yeah, right!).  As for the graphic scenes, they are entirely unnecessary. THEY MADE ME SICK. Lastly, the opium-induced beating/revenge (whatever) scene at the abbey was RIDICULOUS to say the least - Jamie would need a lot more than that to restore himself mentally after what he had subjected himself to. Oh by the way, there were at least two occasions before that Jamie could have killed Randall (he sure had enough reasons to do so) and he didn't - why? - just so the author could have her chance to detail pervert and cruelty!I had never NOT finished a novel in my life.  Although I wanted to with this one, I kept talking myself out of it hoping that the author somehow would redeem herself.  After all, the book got great reviews and how bad could it be? Boy was I wrong! It got worse and worse till the very end. Don't waste your time and put yourself through such an unpleasant and sick experience. The flaws are too numerous and they are not minor issues that can be overlooked.
I was excited about the title, in knowing what the author means by "Impossible Thinking."This book probably could have been compressed into a pamplet with contents from the first and last couple of chapters. The idea of Mental Models are thought provoking. The technique of Zooming In and Out are useful. The ending Nueroscience chapter is full of information. But then you have about 80% of the book in the middle that are just full of generalizations and very basic common sense thinking. It's hardly "Impossible" thinking, and nothing ground breaking.Instead of this reading, I would much recommend any self help book, or any book under "creativity" ("Cracking Creativity" by Michael Michalko is a good one) would be more insightfull.Very dissappointing book, especially with such a seemingly dramatic title. Just full of generalizations and repeatedly asks the reader basic common sense questions.
The story is violent, brutal, pointless, and dull.  The same can be said for the characters -- and add &quot;cliched&quot;.  While I enjoyed &quot;Paris Trout&quot; immensely, and still see the humanity and motivation behind each of the characters, the same cannot be said for this work.  A big letdown.
Several years ago I went with friends to see the movie &quot;Speed.&quot;  I was very impressed with the plot, which was as follows:  there's a bomb on a bus; the bus goes fast; people shriek; this continues for two hours.  Fans of &quot;Speed&quot; -- and apparently there were many -- will love Jurassic Park.  Its plot:  killer dinosaurs chase people around park; people shriek; this continues for several hundred pages.Hello?  This isn't a novel; it's a situation, and an endlessly repetitive one at that.  &quot;Oh no!  Dinos!  Danger!  A narrow escape!  And then the heroes went another mile and -- oh no!  More dinos! More danger!  And another narrow escape!  And then they keep going and -- can you believe it?  They see more dinos and have to narrowly escape!!!&quot;In addition, we have Crighton's usual characters:  one-dimensional bad guys; one-dimensional good guys, and worst of all, the Crighton mouthpiece.  Yes, you know this man well, for he parades through each and every one of Crighton's novels, preaching Crighton's own Crightonist philosophy and spouting oh-so-wise Crightonisms at the other characters (who generally try to ignore him, as do I).  In this rendition, he is masquerading as a wounded mathematician who lies around foretelling doom and chiding everyone for not respecting Nature.  Funny how a mathematician can sound *exactly like* an overrated Hollywood/New Age author who can't write a plot to save his life!
I wanted a book that gave at least a basic outline of trend trading and go a cheerleader.  Not worth your money unless you simply want to understand how trend trading is different from buy and hold etc.
As one pursuing a master's degree in Library Science, I was required to buy this book for my reference course.  I have found it to be poorly written and organized and of little practical use.  Someone out there must be able to know enough about reference techniques to write a more coherent and interesting text on the subject.
I am grateful to all the reviewers that tried to save money and anxiety and anger for other people or potential readers of this book, by advising against buying it. I find all such comments are very interesting and very inspiring, which are elements you would never find in this book. In particular, I am grateful to the review entitled Show Me the Cheese by Bruce Silveman. It is such a wonderful review which should be published by major newspapers like New York Times and Washington Post. And we can read here for free! This book is an attempt to trash our culture, to put everything valuable we inherited from the past in a dumpster and sell some real garbage as the latest invention of once in a life time. This book and many other books such as the Jonathan Livingston Seagull, Shack, and the book insults God which I don't want to mention here, are all part of effort to show that man can be better off by themselves without the divine guidance of Jesus. Everything in the Western society in the last two hundred years are part of the development of that ideology. Just wait, you will read things worse than this!
I had heard such great things about this series, but I am finished after the one.  By, the middle of the book all I could think was, "Really? Rape. again." or "You don't say, they are in mortal peril. again." It was just too repetitive for me and I found it gorier than necessary. How many times do we have to relive in detail the various torture scenes?  I didn't mind the time travel. I found the characters interesting. I like historical fiction. I like trashy romance. I like thought provoking characters and intriguing plots.  But, this book just didn't do it for me. I kept getting bored with all the running for their lives and wanted more of the boring home life.
I only ever used this book to look up terms and I could have just as easily Googled them.  The professor required this book, however I was able to ace my graduate level class without ever reading much from it. The book was hard to understand and required supplementary material to understand.  I wish the professor had chosen a better text book.
The book does have some helpful tidbits, but the overall tone that "this will work for all chidren" is overly confident. Not a bad idea to skim it if you are reading everything written on the subject, but there are better books out there.
Simply put, The Sun Also Rises is the story of a handful Parisian-based expat men who go on a trip to Spain to fish and enjoy the running of the bulls. (The anthropology of the bull-fighting is the most famous part of this book.) As classics go, this one has a high chance of disappointing: the tension in the novel, such as it is, comes from their all being in love with the same soon-to-be divorced Englishwoman, and if the characters change at all over the course of the novel, it's vanishingly subtle --- except they're all much closer to the day that a doctor diagnoses them with cirrhosis of the liver.Yeah, yeah, I know we're also supposed to genuflect before the icon of the great Revolutionary of Style, but in truth, Hemingway leaves me cold. The way everyone talks about how `economical' his writing was makes him sound less like a writer and more like a home-front housewife who cleverly figured out how to stretch her family's ration coupons further. Take for instance this passage:>There were lighted bars and late open shops on each side of the street. We were sitting apart and we jolted close together going down the old street. Brett's hat was off. Her head was back. I saw her face in the lights from the open shops, then it was dark, then I saw her face clearly as we came out on the Avenue des Gobelins. The street was town up and men were working on the cartracks by the light of acetylene flares. Brett's face was white and the long line of her neck showed in the bright light of the flares. The street was dark again and I kissed her. Our lips were tight together and then she turned away and pressed against the corner of the seat, as far away as she could get. Her head was down.Say this out loud and it just sounds silly: you have the clumsy instances in which back-to-back sentences end with the same word (`street' and then `flares') plus the repetition of four-word sentences actually sounds wordy because you the reader have to stop and supply the missing connections. This writing might have played a key role in the evolution of fiction, but it can't, on its own, be said to be good writing, or even decent writing. And the clipping of words gets to be downright irritating in three-way conversations when you're not told who is speaking and the dialogue is so vague that the words are not obviously in the style of one person.The novel isn't all bad. Hemingway's style, for instance, can sometimes lend itself to capturing the essence of drunken conversation, and since everyone is always `tight' in this novel --- in every scene you're told what they're drinking --- he gets a lot of chances to nail it. Two moments in particular stand out. One is in which a guy gets silly as his blood alcohol level increases and he makes an argument that ends with, "[The] Road to hell [is] paved with unstuffed dogs." In context, this makes sense and for a moment the character seems like a warm and funny person. The second successfully inebriated moment is when the tension over the woman breaks above the surface and one drunk launches a relentless verbal attack on another man despite everyone telling him to shut up. The scene is brilliant, but it was too little too late: as I paused to absorb the scene, I glanced up to the top of the page and thought, "Page 146 and something is finally happening."But what really sinks _The Sun Also Rises_ are the comparisons it begs. The novel fits into two saturated genres. Two vastly superior `expats of Paris' novels are George Orwell's _Down and Out in London and Paris_ and Geoff Dyer's more recent _Paris Trance_ (and there's a lot in between). One could argue that novels like this have the benefit of having _The Sun Also Rises_ to draw upon. That's true, but it doesn't make Hemingway anymore fun to read and it doesn't hold water when talking about the other saturated genre this novel represents, namely, accounts of the Great War generation. In that case, F. Scott Fitzgerald's _The Beautiful and Damned_ dances circles around _The Sun Also Rises_, like Fred Astaire sensually gliding around a dumb fire hydrant. Ironically, Fitzgerald, who helped in the editing of _The Sun Also Rises_, would go on to die in obscurity while this novel began Hemingway's march to the Nobel Prize. Such is justice in the literary world.
I know this book is a classic -- that's why I wanted to read it. It's very easy to read, but I did not get much enjoyment out of it. I understand Caulden has angst, but that's all the book was about?
Big disappointment.  Story was very slow.  I didn't care for the characters; granted this takes place in 1955 where men were the bread winners and women stayed home to cook, clean and raise the kids.  The main characters were self centered and after awhile they got on my nerves.  I started skipping chapters to just end the book.I do not recommend this book
As commented on by many reviewers there are numerous typos and errors in the math. The author presents some ideas very clearly. It is a shame that the learning is then sabotaged by these errors. A new edition is clearly needed and the first edition should be withdrawn. Addendum: I just found a notice that a new edition is due in January of 2013.
I have very little to say about this book because the book itself has very little to say.  It is sophomoric, silly and trite. It is everything that the multitude of authors either cited or alluded to in the book - from Derek Walcott to A.S. Byatt to Emily Dickinson to Proust to ______ (name your literary, highbrow author here) - are not.  The book is, I will grant its multitude of fans, very "hip and urban" - mind you, in the very worst sort of way.  It's more a sort of Prada bag  than a book.The author herself claims the book to be, like Proust's opus, about memory.  But it's about memory in precisely the way Proust's work is not.  Proust's ultimate aim - as stated by, well, Proust - is the revelation of "the unreality of the perceptible world." The perceptible world, regardless of what time and date our eponymous time traveller, Henry, finds himself transported to in this book, is all too front and centre, and as for his eponymous wife, Claire, reading Proust makes her fall asleep.The book, for all its literary groupie appeal, is essentially an action and adventure tale, and will appeal to readers who savour action, adventure and pretension, not necessarily in that order.
This novel was chosen by my book club... Our overall review was a resounding thumbs down.  It starts off promising enough with an interesting premise, and did hold my attention till about the halfway point.  Then something strange begins to happen to the plot and the characters, they both deteriorate to the point of ridiculousness.  I was especially amazed with the character of Lester, who although seemingly portrayed as a loving father engages in such inexplicably reckless and stupid behavior as to certainly result in his children being minus their daddy. The novel is also gratuitously interrupted with raunchy ...descriptions that sound like a junior high school boy and his friends were penning the scenes.  Save yourself the aggrevation and don't bother with this one.
Funny bit of humor that does not even profess to tell what it says it's about. The first thing I noticed was the author thanking those he credits with his, get this, success. Anyway, the book is a joke and I grew tired of it fast. I did not finish this and I do not think my reviewing of it requires that i do so. I also did not finish the too salty nuts either.Rent "Slacker" if you want to see how to be a complete and utter failure. Is a book actually required for this topic? How about an unedited manuscript that was not picked up by the publisher?Also, I have noticed many in the Amazon Vine group giving above average review for below average products. Those salty nuts were way too salty. And I also see many more "unhelpful" numbers next to the honest reviews. The point of this is to be honest, not nice. We are not at someone's house painfully eating spinach and telling them how great it was. If something is garbage, I'm going to say it.Many of you need to learn to do this too.
This book needs a complete overhaul.Markets have changed, tactics have changed and the whole internet and technology boom has had a tremendous effect on markets. There are other books on trading strategy that are more current, and ones that focus on specific markets...such as stocks or currencies. You would be better off with something updated. Generally, from a 'big picture' point of view the book still holds up...but you can find general big picture info at the numerous websites offering free education and lessons.A new, up to date, well tested and proven version of this is needed.
I bought the book because of the great reviews it got here.  Well... I must say I was very disappointed.  This is a NOVICE book!  No database files on the cd, too much code and no &quot;real deep&quot; explanation and the examples are very easy to code (ie: you don't need the book to code them!)  Newbies: don't waste your money and go read at 4guysfromrolla.com, learnasp.com, asp101.com, activeserverpages.com.  More advanced users, this isn't for you also.  The only thing you'll learn in this is how to write cookies and to a database... duh! :)
This was the first baby sleep book I bought, when my son was just 3 weeks old.  The fact that I went on to collect about a dozen more baby sleep books should give you an idea of how well it *didn't* work for me!  Which was a really big disappointment.  I liked Pantley's gentle tone, and her parenting approach seemed to mesh with mine.But her book centers around one idea - get a good bedtime routine down, and your kid will sleep, as long as he is not dependent on sucking to get there.  This is simply not true, unfortunately.Because I read this book so early in my son's life, I worked hard to ensure that he could fall asleep without nursing.  And for the most part, it worked.  He's fallen asleep anywhere you can imagine!  But that didn't change the fact that he WANTED to sleep while nursing.  I put him to bed "drowsy but awake" a thousand times, I mastered the "Pantley Pull Off," and I put an impeccable routine into practice.  But my son still kept waking up every hour or two to nurse, right until he was almost 8 months old.It took me weeks of agonizing, but eventually we used Kim West's "Sleep Lady" program, with some tips from Weissbluth's "Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Child."  It meant some crying, but it worked. My son quickly dropped down to a much more reasonable 2 wakings per night.On the plus side:* Pantley's advice for routines and an early bedtime are very helpful.* She'll make you feel better about not having a "perfect" sleeper.* Her program is flexible.On the negative side:* Her program is flexible.  She offers so many options, and in such an unorganized format (this idea might help co-sleepers, this idea might help parents of twins, this idea might help older babies...all on the same page), that it's almost impossible to come up with a real "program."  She knows that all children vary, and that's great, but please give me a step-by-step list.* She has decided that letting your child cry alone is cruel.  Okay, I can see where she's coming from...but she doesn't address what to do when your child is crying in the crib and gets MORE upset to see you lingering nearby without picking him up.  She really thinks babies can be soothed by standing in the doorway and cooing "key words" at them.* She doesn't value consistency, which is so important for babies to learn anything.I like her no-cry philosophy, but it just didn't pan out for us.
What a disappointment.  I never finished this book and wish that I'd stopped long before I did.  It doesn't get any better.I usually love Grisham's books, but this one is weak.  Try The Testament or The Pelican Brief or The Firm if you want to read a good one.
Interzone was the working title for William S. Burroughs's most famous novel, Naked Lunch. The title has also been used to refer to this 1989 collection of short stories and other Burroughs odds and sods. I have had Interzone in my collection for at least 23 years, yet never read it until now. My grand clear-the-shelves project, where I give away my books after I read them in order to make space for others, is nearing its end. Now that I have read Interzone, there are only about five that I plan to toss when I get around to reading them.Burroughs can certainly write a flowing short story, one where the pages seem to turn themselves. I enjoyed the short story section best of all. I am a squeamish reader when it comes to any depictions of bodily mutilation. The worst reading experience I ever had in this regard was getting through all of American Psycho. I have to confess that I felt faint while reading the short story entitled &#34;The Finger&#34;, wherein Burroughs described how he chopped off the tip of his little finger with poultry shears. This was at the lowest point of his drug addictions and emotional state, as he mutilated himself in his attempt to impress a future male lover.I do like Burroughs's imagery, and two remarks he made about the living dead gave me a chuckle. Both are from the second section entitled Lee's Journals:&#34;Morton said to me: 'How long were you in medical school before they found out you weren't a corpse?'&#34;and:&#34;Foster, one of my anthropology friends in Mexico, died of bulbar polio. 'He was dead when he walked in the door,' the doctor at the hospital said later. 'I felt like telling him, &#34;Why don't you check straight into a funeral parlor, pick your coffin and climb into it? You've got just about time.&#34;'In 1984 the original manuscript for Interzone or Naked Lunch which was believed to be lost was found among Allen Ginsberg's papers at Columbia University. One sizable chunk that had been cut from the eventual publication of Naked Lunch was the sixty-page long rambling set of words entitled, fittingly, WORD (all in capitals). The editorial advice to delete WORD from the eventual manuscript of Naked Lunch was wise, as it is nothing but an incoherent mumbling of ungrammatical phrases from a closeted queer high on horse. James Grauerholz, the editor of Interzone, described WORD as &#34;the longest and most unusual section&#34; as well as &#34;a manic, surreal, willfully disgusting and violently purgative regurgitation of seemingly random images&#34; and a &#34;profane, first-person sibylline word salad&#34;. I found it to be totally unreadable, a chore that took me hours which no amount of rereading could clarify. What do you expect from a guy whose sole preoccupation is finding a vein? Burroughs has always used scatological (in its original, Greek-derived sense) and phallic imagery throughout his work and WORD was swimming in it. WORD was tiring, and literally put me to sleep in frustration several times.For readers of Burroughs who are interested in learning more about the evolution of the writer, Grauerholz makes the following assessment at the end of the introduction:&#34;This book is meant to portray the development of Burroughs' mature writing style, and to present a selection of vintage Burroughs from the mid-1950s--a kind of writing he can no more repeat than he can once again be forty-four years old in Tangier. The willfully outrageous tone of voice represents the exorcism of his four decades of oppressive sexual and social conditioning, and his closely-observed experience of mankind's inexhaustible ugliness and ignorance. Only by dispensing with any concept of 'bad taste' or self-repression could he liberate his writing instrument to explore the landscapes of Earth and Space in his work written over the following thirty years. Reading Interzone, you are present at the beginning.&#34;
I bought this book for a bookclub I belong to and while it was well written, I can't say that I enjoyed the book.  I did not care for the characters involved nor their story.I will not recommend the book to friends.  This was a case of reading something because of bookclub obligations but having to struggle to finish it.David
No wonder high school kids don't like reading when they're required to read this junk in school. A story about a whiny, chain-smoking, spoiled teenager. This could be written while listening to the whiny "Occupy" protesters. Dang you Salinger, I wish I could get the time back that I wasted reading this trash.
It's been years since I've read this so please bear with me.  I'm not here to debate the literary value of the book.  Initially when i read the description on the back cover i was intrigued.  However, I actually became so annoyed that I returned it to the store.  For one thing, of the reviews that I've read people seem to keep forgetting that the very first and last chapters (or the epilogue and prologue....as I said it's been years since I've read it so i don't remember how they were labeled in the book....) are happening even further in the future and the story part of the book is supposed to be a recording of one particular woman's experiences in the past that a council is listening to.  So technically for those people the story is part of their history.  And so, my annoyance with the book began early:What initially happened to drive this part of the US to such extremism? (and since for some reason *eyeroll* there seems to be a weird debate on wether or not this is an anti-Christian book....for the record i'm agnostic and couldn't care if these extremists were christian, muslim, shinto, hindu or zoarastrians.....they were extremist nutcases pure and simple.  Perhaps whatever caused the apocolypse in the first place screwed with their heads...)  I'm assuming (since the council members discussing this "recording" hint at it) that there was some sort of nuclear war/bomb/whatever that plunged the country into chaos or a post apocolyptic state and somehow these extremists took over.  It's mentioned numerous times that the women  (ALL the women even the handmaidens....) are not necessarily assured of their fertility.  The Aunts and wives of the commanders are too old or because of whatever happened have been determined that they are NOT able to have children.  The handmaidens talk about when or if they do become pregnant whether or not the baby will become a "shredder."  What does this mean?  What has to be wrong with the baby for it to be considered a "shredder?"  and if it is a "shredder" what happens to it?  (besides what i'm assuming is the obvious b/c of what they are called....) And since this aprticular handmaiden is able to remember her former life before all the chaos what would even compel her to just give in?  It seems to me that this is just a small part of the US...and who are they fighting that this has become a military state?And, seriously, how in the world were these extremists able to convince these people that this way of life was the way to live?  I would also think that some intelligent people amongst these extremists would try to consider the effect this type of "breeding" would have on the human gene pool?  Why is it just the old men that are allowed to have sex with the handmaidens?  I'd think the fact that there are still young men around would HELP because young men are supposed to be more virile.Just thinking about this book makes me wish I had never read it.  Most of the time while reading this book I felt completely confused and found myself saying "wait? what?  why is this happening again?  what is the reasoning behind this again?"  BLEH!!!  I felt like there just wasn't enough background information about the time and place to get a good understanding about the story in and of itself.  And why even bring in the epilogue and prologue if you aren't going to elaborate on the future...why are they even studying these "recordings?"  I don't know if I would recommend this book to anyone which is why I decided to give it two stars.  Perhaps others out there can see more into it than I can and would find the book interesting.  But, if you're one of those people who need to know how and why like me, I doubt you'll like this book.Oh and since some people delight in pointing out others grammatical and spelling mistakes; I have two young kids and have had very little sleep over the past few weeks and find forming a coherent sentance and/or thought taxing.  So, if I've spelled something wrong or I have a grammatical mistake or have forgotten to capitalize a pronoun....I DON'T CARE!!!!  I also ramble...which is quite obvious now.  :)  Happy Reading!
I can't honestly say I enjoyed this work. While it was impeccably written and deeply philosophical, the style chosen to write it in was distracting and caused far too many pauses in reading. It did give me some inspirational insights to methods in which I can add elements of philosophy to my own writing, but overall led me to understand methods of writing that serve to distract and confuse readers. His overall purpose (of showing the evils of Irish Catholicism, and the necessity of embracing a Nietzschian way of life) seem lost on the reader that doesn't care to struggle through the overemphasized rhetoric. I'm glad I read it, but wouldn't do so again.
I had always thought that Mindel was a credible expert. I have also respected the writings of Virginia Hopkins. So, when I saw this new book at the public library, I checked it out. I turned first to a health condition I am newly familiar with ADHD. My whole family has ADHD -- husband, kids, even the dog.  What I read in this book was so ignorant, misleading, and just plain abusive, I was shocked.  If the authors were that wrong about ADHD, what else did they get wrong?My kids don't have ADHD because I feed them junk (I don't). They have ADHD because they got a double-load on the DNA. There IS science behind ADHD, and it explains not only HOW the medications work but also that they DO work. And they have been studied for DECADES.Most importantly, we know what can happen when ADHD is NOT treated: unwanted pregnancy, drug abuse, suicide, dropouts, the list goes on. Telling someone with ADHD to "try harder" is like to telling someone who wears eyeglasses to throw them away and "try harder" to see. It's cruel and IGNORANT. Especially because they endorse DISCIPLINE. You can't spank or punish the ADHD out of a child.  So, why do these authors feel it's okay to do that to people with ADHD? What gives them the right to publish this hogwash?It has been the breakthrough discovery of my life to learn about ADHD and receive medical treatment for i t. Yes, it goes against what everyone expects (what *I* expected) that a pill can help someone focus, organize, be more patient with my children, manage money better, and so forth? It sounds too easy! And so, when we ignore the facts, we fall for "common sense" hucksters like Mindell who depict ADHD as a  hoax. And by the way, maybe you want to buy their book.Earl Mindel's website lists  NO academic credentials. Why do people listen to him?  After reading what he has to say on ADHD, I can't believe ANYTHING in this book. The "facts" about ADHD offered by Mindell and Hopkins  are nothing more than superstition. They even refer to anti-psychiatry nutter Peter Breggin, who is hard up for a career, as far as I can see; that's his only claim to fame.Examples:Alternative to medication: Discipline"If you're a baby boomer, you likely recall kids who were 'impulsive,' 'hyperactive' or 'inattentive' from your own childhood. Perhaps you were one yourself. We remember how those kids were dealt with, and it certainly wasn't with drugs. It was with discipline."Alternative to medication: Time with Dad"Peter Breggin, M.D., the expert mentioned earlier and author of several excellent books on the dangers of psychiatric drugs, has found that many children with ADHD symptoms would be more appropriately diagnosed with 'DADD,' or 'Dad Attention Deficit Disorder', caused by a lack of adequate attention from fathers or other male role models."Other "alternatives":  Protein breakfast, multivitamin, and exercise ("if all else fails and a child seems out of control, try exercise."Sorry, but a protein breakfast, multivitamin and daily exercise are recommended by ADHD experts, too. And really, shouldn't EVERY child get exercise?  AHDD or NOT?  Hello!!!!!!This "fourth edition" of this book reads like it is from 1942. What a shocking disappointment.I should have first looked up Earl Mindell on Quackwatch dot org. Then I would have seen he was a snake-oil salesman before wasting time reading this book.Here is an excerpt from Quackwatch:An Irreverent Look at the Vitamin Bibleand Its Author (Earl Mindell)James A. Lowell, Ph.D.According to the advertisements in the newspapers, I was going to learn "How to Live to Be 100 Plus!""It's free," said one ad, "and if you are less than a century old, what have you got to lose?" So, since I am not quite that old, off I went, pen and notebook in hand, to a lecture in Tucson conducted by Earl Mindell, R.Ph., Ph.D., "noted nutritionist, pharmacist, lecturer . . . and author of the best selling Earl Mindell's Vitamin Bible."The lecture was sponsored by two Great Earth Vitamin Stores located in the Tucson area. Mindell helped found the Great Earth chain of health food stores, which, numbering about 200, is now the nation's second largest. He has also written Earl Mindell's Vitamin Bible for Your Kids, Earl Mindell's Pill Bible, Earl Mindell's Quick & Easy Guide to Better Health, and Earl Mindell's Shaping Up with Vitamins--books whose total sales are in the millions.Mindell claims to hold valid credentials in nutrition. Although he does have a bachelor's degree in pharmacy from North Dakota State University, his Ph.D. is from the University of Beverly Hills, an unaccredited school which lacks a campus or laboratory facilities. During his speech, Mindell also said that he studied at Rutgers University, but representatives in Rutgers' records office whom I contacted could find no record of this.Mindell's Vitamin Bible was written while he was working toward his Ph.D. His adjunct faculty adviser for the project was James Kenney, Ph.D., R.D., who is currently a nutritionist at the Pritikin Longevity Center in Santa Monica, California. Kenney reviewed the manuscript while tutoring Mindell and told him that it contained over 400 errors, more than 100 of which were important. Kenney told me that most of the errors remain in the published edition. The acknowledgements section of the book recognizes Dr. Kenney for his help and also thanks the American Medical Association, the National Academy of Sciences, the National Dairy Council, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the Nutrition Foundation, "without whom a project of this scope could never have been completed." However, the fact that all these prestigious organizations would strenuously disagree with information in the book is not mentioned.In a section entitled "The Whole Truth," Vitamin Bible tells what each vitamin and mineral can supposedly do for you and gives advice for self treatment with supplements of many of them. For example, it suggests pantothenic acid for tingling hands and feet, vitamin D for conjunctivitis, and calcium for menstrual cramps. This section also promotes substances which Mindell calls "vitamins" B10, B11, B13, B15, B17, P, T, and U. There is no evidence that any of these substances are essential to humans or that supplements of any of them are beneficial. Furthermore, B15 (pangamic acid) and B17 (laetrile) pose health risks. Another section of the book recommends self-treatment with supplements for more than 50 ailments and conditions including, acne, bad breath, baldness, headaches, measles, mumps, prostatitis, syphilis, gonorrhea and warts.In Vitamin Bible for Kids, Mindell advises parents who suspect that their child is deficient in any nutrient to consult a "nutritionally oriented doctor" or (if mineral deficiency is suspected) to obtain a hair analysis. Among other things, the book recommends vitamin supplements for acne, bronchitis, athletes foot, canker sores, chicken pox, clumsiness, colitis, dandruff, diabetes, forgetfulness, impetigo, insect bites, prickly heat, poison ivy, stomachaches, tonsillitis, and warts. For multiple sclerosis, it recommends orotic acid, which Mindell refers to as vitamin B13. And for children "whose little white lies are growing darker," he recommends eliminating sugars, refined starches, and junk foods from the diet and supplementing with B-complex vitamins.Mindell is co-editor of Keats Publishing Company's "Good Health Guides," a large series of booklets promoting dozens of questionable supplements. His fellow editor is Richard A. Passwater, whose "Ph.D." is from Bernadean University, an nonaccredited correspondence school that was never legally authorized grant any degrees.Mindell has also written information sheets that are distributed as educational material in health food stores. Although all of them warn that the information they contain "is not intended as medical advice but only as a guide in working with your doctor," it is clear that health food stores are using them to boost product sales by making claims that would be illegal on product labels.
It is rare that I would argue with a writer about a character in his or her book; after all, the writer did create the character.  But I will in this instance.  I was very disappointed in this book, for I don't feel that Harris was true to the character of Clarice.  I just can't accept the ending as valid.  My recommendation - see the movie instead.
I tried reading this book a few years ago, couldn't get into it, and tried again. This time I finished it.First off: I always love a puzzle in a novel, and this one was brilliantly constructed. I loved making the connections and seeing how every jump in time corresponded to an absence in the present. As an intellectual exercize, this novel can harldy be topped.I also love "soul-mate" love stories. The-one-and-only-everlasting-love: that's me. I believe in it, and I want to read about it, and so this book should have worked for me. Sad to say, it didn't.I just  could not get into it, did not get caught up in the story, did not find myself panting to know how it all works out. Perhaps I was too much mentally with the puzzle to be properly emotionally engaged. But I found fault everywhere.I found flaws of commission and of omission. Too much unnecessary detail; I did not care about every single move in a pool game, or lists of punk bands I've never heard of. Too many dreams. I HATE dreams in novels, even if they are there to show some aspect of character, fears, or whatever. These can be shown while the protagonist is awake. Too many conversations that went nowhere, too many quotes in German and French -- I speak both languages, but still found this pretentious and irritating. When Clare asked Henry to recite a Rilke poem while in the throes of labour I almost threw the book against the wall! He even started to recite in German! Ridiculous. In contrast to all the poetry and their very discriminating literary tastes: their crude sex talk. This was just wrong. It did not fit in with Clare's almost ethereal, luminous personality; it was jarring. Too many scenes that seemed gratituous, put in there for no reason, and not carrying the story forward.The worst of these was the 9/11 scene. This for me was a huge problem. 9/11 happens, and is never ever referred to again. No emotion: just them watching history happen because they know it will happen, and hardly seem to care. What was the point? Niffenegger could have made a great point with this scene; surely they would have been so horrified at what is about to happen that, even though they KNOW they can't change history, they would have at least tried? Tried to tell the authorities, and been ridiculed for such a preposterous idea? Tried to tell the media, anyone, and then, after the fact, people taking note that they knew? Not trying to write AN's book for her, just suggestions of HOW this event could have tied in with the whole destiny/free will theme. It was such a huge event; I couldn't believe how blase they were about it, and how it was simply shoe-horned into the story, and left there with no further comment. Either fit a scene properly into the story, or leave it out.Another problem for me was Alba. I can't believe that, once they found out that she too ws a time-traveller, they showed no concern whatsoever for her. A little girl time-travelling, according to the rules AN set out, would have been disastrous and highly dangerous. A six year old girl turning up somewhere else, naked, among strangers! What parents would not be horrified at the possibility? But no, "Alba loves time-travelling" and no mention is made whatsoever of the difficulties and dangers this would have caused, no mention of her parents trying to prepare her for those flights. Oh wait. I forgot, she DID learn how to pick locks. Was that the only survival skill she needed?What jarred me the most, though, was the second time Clare had sex with Gomez. This was so out of left field, so out of character, so weak, so creepy -- I wanted to kick him AND her out of the story altogether! And then Charisse walks in and life returnes to normal. He cheats on his wife, she on her best friend, and all because she imagines it is Henry?????? All because that creep Gomez comes up behinds her and starts nuzzling her neck? This was supposed to be the love story to end all love stories, and THAT happens? Give me a break: I expect more self-discipline from my female lead character!OK, rant over. I know that many people love this book and if you love a book and get carried away the flaws just don't jump out at you: you forgive them and are swept away by the story. But I was not swept away; the inconsistencies and inconguities and plot holes really leaped out at me, and I was not able to suspend my disbelief.
Like many, I am a huge fan of the Alex Cross series, however Crossfire was disappointing.  It wasn't good enough for me to just have Kyle Craig appear out of jail.  That's a cheap cop-out.  The rest of the story was predictable and even suggests future stories will be similar to what we've already enjoyed.  I don't think a real effort was put into this story.Formatting for the Kindle edition was poor.
"The Rule of Four" is an ode to Princeton.  In fact, the school is the only interesting thing about the book.  The four main characters, four Princeton students, are really caricatures of the four types of students that one would find at Princeton: the arrogant guy who has a job lined up at a Wall Street firm, the intellectual who is destined to be an academic, the gunner who's going to med school, and the senior who isn't quite sure what he's going to do after graduation.  The writers, one of whom is a graduate of Princeton, clearly know Princeton and thus the school is described beautifully.  The descriptions of the library and the eating halls are pretty close to reality.  The story, however, is terrible.  Coming on the heels of the success of "The Da Vinci Code," "The Rule of Four" explores the mystery of the Hypnerotomachia, a famously peculiar manuscript.  The book starts out in a very compelling manner with one of the students studying the manuscript as his senior thesis and the apparent murder of his thesis advisor.  About halfway through the book, however, the writers seem to get bored with the story and the ending feels very rushed.  In addition, somewhere along the way, the writers decide that the book will no longer be a thriller but a coming-of-age novel about the main character -- bad decision.  If the writers had continued in the same vein as the beginning of the book, "The Rule of Four" would probably have been one of the most interesting and popular books of the year.  However, given the weakness of the second half, it's not even worth borrowing from the library.
This book only deals about a bunch of characters' perigrination through all the pubs of Paris then Pamplona, while the main female character, BRett, dates all the men in the plot. It's an endless description of people  going into a pub, ordering a vodca or wine or champagne, then going out to  bed to sleep, then falling in love with each other, then taking a shower,  then taking a cab, bl&aacute;, bl&aacute;, bl&aacute; !  Horrible!
This author actually believes that she can tell you all about your life just by what age you are and she can predict what kind of story you will write, just by knowing your age.  Wrong!  There is also an entire section telling to basically quit your job, ignore your loved ones and devote yourself fully to becoming a millionare writing in Hollywood (which in reality, most of you will never make a penny doing).  This book is entirely unrealistic, but not because of the premise of the title.What I do like about this book is she pushes you to quit procrastinating, gives good writing exercises, and gives you your basic outline without being too specific.  Not really the book I was looking for.
The House of Sand and Fog by Andres Dubus III was a dissapointing read. I had lost interest in the characters while I was only a quarter of the way through the book, but I kept reading thinking it had to get better. I also wanted to see what happened in the end. It never did get better and by the time I finished, I was mad that I had wasted so much time reading this book.The two main characters, Colonel Massoud Behrani and Kathy Nicolo do not evoke much sympathy. They are both very stubborn and self-destructive. They each get exactly what they deserve in the end. Another character, Deputy Sheriff Lester Burdon, also falls into the trap of not using his common sense and ends up losing everything. This is a story of the American Dream gone bad.The narrative is told from Behrani and Nicolo's points of view respectively. There are many anti-American sentiments in Behrani's parts of the narrative. He was a Colonel in the Iranian army who served under the Shah and was forced to flee his county. He doesn't think Americans deserve what we have. We are all &quot;radishes&quot; and take it all for granted. Nicolo, on the other hand, is a recovering addict who falls into the same irresponsible behavior she has been trying to overcome all of her life. Her spontaneous, self-destructive behavior causes her to lose everything and by the end of the book, she still hasn't learned anything.If your time is valuable, don't waste it reading this book.
I tried to read this a couple times and couldn't get through it. The writing was good. It just wasn't for me.
Reading this book can only be described of as a chore.  This was not written well at all, and it is delivered in a very annoying way.  The information in this book is very dated, and only repeats topics that are described in other books of this category. After I finished reading it, I threw it in the trash.  There are not many books that I would throw out.
The characters were not relatable and the love scenes were kind of odd to me, as well. I managed to finish the book but I will not be reading the sequels.
This is simply a lot of bunk - superficial and ill-informed. What is the author's super-duper, secret, terrific advice for recouping all the loses people have suffered in the recent stock market crashes?Why invest in the stock market, of course!Yeah, right. And if I believe that, you've got a great deal on a used bridge in New York I'll bet.The author makes a small show of how bad off financially current generations (like the Boomers) are, and then gives incredibly bad advice on how to correct our collective financial problems.I find it hard to believe how investing in the same casino con game which took our money in the first place will correct the problem now. Giving money to thieves will get back the money the thieves took earlier? What absolute nonsense.Run like mad from this book and read Divine Right of Capital and David Korten's books instead.
I read this book because Amazon recommended it since I was a big fan of "The Brief, Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao." This book is nothing like Oscar Wao. The writing is so simplistic it drove me crazy. I understand it was written from the perspective of someone with Aspberger's, but it was frustrating nonetheless. I just don't feel like there was any real point to this story. I didn't walk away with any new insights or relevant thoughts. It was a really easy read, but overall, a waste of my time.
One reason I rated this audio CD so low was the packaging- The 5 CD's aren't labeled.  This made change CD's inthe car difficult.- As far as I could tell, the CD's were all just one track.Most recorded books put a chapter on each track.In my car CD player, they way you forward is to skip to thenext track.  Not possible with this one.This book started as a great telling of history.  The author really got to know Linus well and I feel he presented Linus as he really is ... the good, the not so good, the learning experiences.  It was really nice to hear the history of Linux.  The end was a disappointment.  The book finishes by pontificating on Intellectual Property rights.  Interesting, but not what I was in the market to purchase.
AS i gave The Goldfinch  5 stars, The Secret History should get a 3. Perhaps because i am advanced in years i found the characters' constant imbibing in drink and drugs absolutely impossible to fathom and unrealistic. Perhaps more time should rather have been spent in fleshing out the main characters to make them believable.
If you are considering this book because you are new to the world of software development, do yourself a favor: go find an experienced (10+ years) developer who has no reason to lie to you (i.e. you do not work for/with him) and ask him to describe his experiences in the profession. Do this over and over.  Take what each person says with a grain of salt, combine it with your own real world experiences and come up with your own set of ethics and beliefs.Software development is a field historically dominated by strong individualists.  I'm not saying that there isn't a place for "company men" in our profession, just that they don't fare as well over the long term as do those who intelligently look after their own interests, first.You don't need someone else's "Code of Conduct".  Discover your own.
If you want to read a book from someone who is convinced the key to successful trading lies in complicated TA methods, go ahead. The author from this book uses a wide range of TA methods going from the RSI indicator (witch a fixed upper and under limit), Elliot Wave analysis, Gann his time wheel (don't skip this part!) and something she calls reverse engineering ...She's an expert at drawing complicated trendlines and waves on a chart that make the whole picture quite incomprehensible, instead of understandable. The whole time during this book she claims  lot of stuff without giving backtests or statistics  to support her claims. Also the methods she uses aren't clearly explained at all. Instead she does something way more easy: she tells you she won't share her exact trading methods or tools. She leaves you behind with a short unclear explanation of her tools. One of the comments here on Amazon calls it `mental masturbation'. That pretty much says it all. I can't imagine readers will get useful stuff for their trading skills out of this book.In conclusion: save yourself 30$ and a lot of frustration by not buying this book.
The author writes smoothly and is able to create interest by coyly withholding information, but the characters are flat, the dialogue is lifeless, the psychology lacks wisdom, and the themes are phony.
This is a very difficult read. The imagery is beautiful but the story line is so hard to follow. I kept getting lost and having to reread passages over and still not completely understanding it.
This is definitely the last straw! Grisham has managed to consistently disappoint me with each novel he's written since the &quot;Pelican Brief.&quot; It must be a writer's worse nightmare to fall slave to a contract or publishing advance that forces you to write lifeless uninteresting novels like " The Summons."  I would comment on the plot and characters in the novel but they're both so flat that they're not worthy of mention.  Half way through the novel I simply gave up, acknowledging that I am turning Grisham in for better material.  His last ten novels have succeeded in diminishing the value and credibility of his first three.  He seems much more capable of producing mediocre, uninspired, sophomoric reading material than producing anything of serious novelistic value.  You should not waste your time or money with this.  He's not getting any better so don't waste your shelf space.  I'm selling everything I own by him.
Many years ago I saw the movie 'Lord Jim' with Peter O'Toole and I thought it was a great flick with a lot of depth and very thought-provoking. It is one of my favorite films. So, I thought I would read the book since I've often found books to be even better than the movie. But, in this case I was sorely disappointed. The book, to me, was very hard to read with exceedingly long sentences and paragraphs and written almost in a 'stream-of-conciousness' mode as told by a third person. I found this to be true of Conrad's 'Nostromo' as well and have to admit that I failed to finish either book because of the cumbersome writing style. Perhaps, I am not smart enough to understand the writing style. In any case, may advice is to watch the movie which I found to be much more enjoyable.
The popularity of books like this one explains why so many people lose so much money in the stock market.The book puts too much emphasis on the most useless techniques of technical analysis. The use of chart patterns that O'neil loves is closer to astrology than finance.The book talks about fundamentals (earnings, growth, etc), but in a very limited way. Using fundamentals according to O'neils way can easily make you lose your money!A much better book on growth investing is "The Little Book That Makes You Rich". A good book on technical analysis is "How Technical Analysis Works". I also recommend reading "Evidence Based Technical Analysis" which shows how limitd technical analysis is.
When Catcher in the Rye came out it was something of revolution. Never before had anyone took time to explore the mind or problems of the over-privileged, white, American teenager. It is an esoteric novel, a low brow piece of literature that sells to its particular crowd: people who haven't read much, or experienced actual life beyond the age of twenty. Now, it's not necessarily the worst thing I've read, but the acclamations people have given it are beyond absurd. Only a fool could identify with Holden Caulfield. This book is basically the 'Twilight' of its day. The only reason it's regarded as a classic is because enough time has passed. Somehow the imagery of an era gone by is enough to cement itself as something of a must read. But you don't need to read it. The story is very simple. It's about an angry white kid, who travels across the city, and finds out that there's more to life than his incessant, introspective whining...and of course there is.
There are many myths about the Australian Aborigines and most of them are misguided. As a white Australian I don't profess to any special understanding of the Aboriginal, but I do know that it is wrong to try to measure their success or failure in terms of European cultural traditions. What matters is that Aborigines are honoured for what they are, for their own culture. I feel that I need to make the same effort with the Aboriginal culture but it is difficult since it has been dominated so much by Europeans. What exactly is the Aboriginal culture - one of the oldest isolated cultures in the world? We should not fall into the trap of assuming it to be a homogeneous culture across such a vast empty space, and one that lived in harmony with nature - always complimenting and never changing the environment. A great place to start getting some empathy with Aboriginal people is Josephine Flood's 'Archaeology of the Dreamtime'Chatwin's 'Songlines' is colourful and worth reading but to me it was also disappointing, seeming to apply a far too European explanation to what he 'observed' or, at least, interpreted. If it is your step into further exploration on the culture of the ancient race of the Australian Aborigines then read it by all means. My voyage of discovery with the Aborigines was triggered by finding a skull being excavated by wind on the dunes at the back of a lonely beach, but that's another story .....Recommendations:'Archaeology of the Dreamtime' by Josephine Floodaboriginal cave paintings
I absolutely enjoy reading classics and because this was mentioned on the great 100 books list, I thought i might give it a shot.My GOD it was so hard to read.  I truly do enjoy challenges but i couldn't understand what the heck was going on through most of the first half of the book.I do understand the purpose of Faulkner writing in so many different dialects/styles however it was painful to read.  I finally had to set the book aside and read a synopsis of the book to really understand what the heck was going on and even after reading that, I seriously questioned how one could possibly pick up on those nuances from reading the book.This book is impossibly difficult to read and frankly, for what the actual plot ended up being, really not worth it.  I am still confounded as to why this book is even considered a classic.
Like most people I know, I read all of John Grisham's. This one is definitely a plunge from sublime to the ridiculous. From the first few chapters, I had this strange flasbacks of Tom Sawyer, Studs Lonigan and Once Upon A Time in America all slapped together into this dragging, incoherent, disjointed plot, without rhymes, reason or resolution. Some people call it style, I say Grisham should stick to his lawyerly knitting.
Like many series based on one character (even a charrismatic character), the Alex Cross series has lost the spark that was still evident even three books in the past.
I read the book but gained nothing as far as understanding Wittgenstein is concerned.
The only thing that saved this book was that it has a cool premise - I mean, who wouldn't want to imagine being able to see a live dinosaur? But the writing is bad. The plot is full of deus ex machina and irritating sermons by professor Malcolm. This left me weighing for a rewrite by someone with more talent.
I very much enjoyed "Red Dragon" and "Silence of the Lambs" and so was very excited when I saw that "Hannibal" was being published.I read the book with mounting distaste, and once I finsished it, I felt almost ashamed that I hadn't had the integrity to put it down half read. I wondered if perhaps I should force myself to read an entire series of Christian Romance novels as penance.The violence was over the top, but I can handle that. What was more distressing was the fact that I got the impression that I was to be cheering on a sociopathic monster, simply because he's genius-level-intellegent, a good cook, doesn't molest children, and knows a lot about perfume, makeup and cutting a woman's hair. Lecter goes from being Evil Sociopath to Cannibal with a Heart, and the character of Clarice Starling is twisted beyond all recognition or sense. No wonder Jodi Foster refused to do the film, and no wonder the ending of the book was changed in the movie version.I'm wavering between giving this book five stars, because it is well written, and affected me so strongly on a number of levels, and one star, because it's so violent, cruel, and contains images I didn't need in my head. I'll compromise with two stars.This is a well written book, but very disturbing.  In my opinion it ruins the characters Harrison spent time creating in his previous novels.
Well-written but unabashedly prolix, and a rather tepid offering for those more interested in classic picaresques. Humor is largely absent here, at least in the form of biting satire. The novel also lacks a charismatic or engaging central character, few examples of unusual cunning or creativity, and most disappointing of all, no purpose. What's left is a string of rambling vignettes on Chicago life during the Great Depression, but since the main character, Augie March, more closely resembles Goncharov's desultory Oblamov than anything in picaresque literature, the vignettes quickly grow repetitive and tiresome in a way that even Bellow's graceful prose cannot save. Augie engages in a variety of moneymaking schemes (stealing books, raising an eagle as a hunting raptor, etc.) but since none of these are of his own devising they come off as almost an afterthought, leaving the reader with the nagging wish that the narrative would follow one of Augie's more imaginative friends instead. It takes Augie 85% of the novel to find a goal (I know, I was keeping track since there was nothing else going on in the book), and while the last 15% picks up a bit once Augie finds something to aim for, it can't save the long slog of the first part of the novel.While Bellow's point regarding the need to find a purpose in life comes off clearly enough, the truth is that those hoping for something more like Candide, Barry Lyndon or even the Lazarillo de Tormes will be sadly disappointed here.
The first chapter of Ian McEwan's &quot;Atonement&quot; is wonderful; I would give IT 5 stars. It's lyrical and witty and a perfect character sketch of 13 year old Broiny as she plans a play in her brother's honor in 1935.  This chapter could stand alone as a short story and you would feel wonderfully satisfied and impressed.But if you move on to the following chapters in &quot;Atonement&quot; confusion, disappointment and frustration set it.  I was so prepared to love this book based on the media hype and the wonderful first chapter...but by the time I got to page 70 and still nothing had happened and the run-on paragraphs were PAGES long full of of internal monologs and descriptions...I finally, reluctantly, sadly, had to close the book.  This is not the masterpiece that was promised.
A word that means, "Not one of Lemony Snicket's best offerings."  Book 12 begins with the Baudelaire orphans being picked up by Kit Snicket, and taken to the Hotel Denouement.  They are to infiltrate the hotel under-cover to learn the identities and the intentions of their enemies.  While there, they will encounter almost every villian and ally(?) they have previously met, including (of course) Count Olaf.  After the build-up from books 10 and 11 I was all prepared for some big event to take place at the hotel, and with the hotel filled with villians and allies(?) I thought for sure something was going to happen.  Then the book ended, and I realized that very little had happened.Now, it's not so much that I mind frustration or not having my questions answered (if you do mind that, you are reading the wrong series).  But Book 12 didn't really feel like it belonged in the series at all.  In previous books, the adult helpers were limited in usefulness because of personality flaws or because they were too attached to their own agendas to see what was going on.  Kit Snicket, by contrast, gives them almost no information (thought it is implied that she could), and sends them on a difficult mission with no real guidance.  It's like she is being deliberately unhelpful to them.As for the children themselves, they don't really act like Violet, Klaus and Sunny.  We are almost 300 pages into the book (literally) before Violet invents anything, Klaus quotes anything or Sunny bites anything.  Instead of using their respective talents, the orphans spend most of the book standing around and observing the other characters.  Thus we get seemingly endless pages describing "Sir's" haze of cigar smoke, Esme's comments about what is "in" and Carmelita calling people, "cakesniffers."  Frankly, we've seen all of that.When action does take place in the book it tends to come and go very quickly.  Afterwards, there is more talk, making for a book that is very slowly paced in comparison to the others in the series.  The ending, while exicting, is just bizarre, with the children, particularly Sunny, acting in ways that defy reason and prior characterization.To be fair, the book has several humorous asides (a Lemony Snicket trademark) which kept my interest.  Despite that, Book 12 gets my vote for being the most puzzling and least rewarding of the series to date.
I'm having a hard time trying to classify this book.  It's not drama, mystery, it's certainly not comedy. Well, maybe it is mystery. The mystery being how can this book get such a high rating?I found this book totally absurd. Every single character is caricatured to the extreme. Maybe that's the way it was meant to be, but it did not appeal to me at all.The main character, Ignatius Jacques Reilly is an elephantesque, whiny slob. Not one character is believable and the story, even less.I'm sure there was meant to be a message on society somewhere in there, but the only message I got was: Put this book down.The book's only redeeming quality is the writing. I love how Toole played with words and descriptions.Describing dust bunnies as "little spherical formations of lint" or " Miss Trixie was never perfectly vertical; she and the floor always met at an angle of less than ninety degrees" brought a smile to my face.I especially liked how he nailed the New Orleans accent in writing. I could "hear" the accent just reading the words on the page.The most interesting thing about this book is the story of how it came to be published (which you can read in the foreword of the book itself), which is ironic because in my humble opinion, it never should have...
Although you don't expect indepth information from a refernce book, its fair to expect at least the basic concept. Part 1 I think did a decent job of that. Part 2 however was a disaster with it being nothing more than listing of the classes and methods (epsecially the collections framework). Examples were pretty ordinary probably just a step over Hello World. It lets you know the syntax but doesn't explain how it is used in real world. Overall not moany of the 100+ pages were worth reading.
On the one hand, O'Neil's method seems reasonable to me. He says that to make money you have to buy growth stocks, and you also have to attempt to judge when the market is improving vs. getting worse. You cut your losses when you're wrong, and don't worry about them, because your real goal is to make sure you are in there, in the right stocks, when the big money is made, as for example in the 1998-2000 market. (Now I just told you everything of value in the book, so you don't have to buy it.)On the other hand, O'Neil himself apparently couldn't work his system very well. He ran a growth fund which he was forced to close. He makes his money off his newspaper and books, not investing. His two early scores, heavily trumpeted in his books, could easily just be luck.Furthermore, in his book he constantly touts his newspaper, IBD. Now, I subscribed to IBD for a year, and I can tell everyone that there is no way you can use the information in IBD to assist you in investing. The stock ratings still leave hundreds of stocks for you to plow through. The "stocks in the news" also include too many stocks to work with. "New America" is the same...too many companies. And as a newspaper, IBD is a joke. The English is at the "See Dick Run" level and the world news is stuffed into a few columns.Here is my advice: get the book from the library or from someplace free. Do not pay for it, further lining O'Neil's pockets.
A superficial and inaccurate book giving a poor and largely dimwitted  overview of current conspiracy theory.  Seems that Wilson has as much  contempt for the subject as he does for the reader A marginal book  dreadfully written and conceived. A cheap text who's only purpose is to  make a quick buck.  The book lacks depth and insight.  A monumental waste  of time and money [save yours].  I want my money and time back!  Wilson  makes prosaic and boring an otherwise interesting subject and offers no  help for those who knowing nothing about 'conspiracy' hope to find a  reasonable, interesting introduction.
The easy adaptability advocated by this book may be convenient to the purposes of corporations, but it reminds me of a line from a Leonard Cohen song: &quot;Oh take me to the slaughterhouse, I will wait there with the lambs.&quot;
The Missing Girl is written by an excellent, but often overlooked YA author, Norma Fox Mazer. But this was a disappointing novel. The Missing Girl is supposedly a thriller, but gets bogged down by having six different points of view. Each of the five sisters is a narrator and the sixth narrator is the predator who is stalking them. The suspense gets broken up by family and teen drama in the first half of the book and seems incomplete in the second half. Mostly it is the story of a family disintegrating quickly because of a series of financial set backs. Each of the five sisters is reacting to the crisis differently. Five sisters seems unnecessary. They don't really add anything to the events of the rising action and add little to the tone of the story. Even after one of the sisters is kidnapped by the predator, the multiple points of view add little. The only character who seems fully developed is the very creepy stalker. We learn little about the sisters. The Missing Girl could have been so much better.
As a Grisham book, this is thin porridge, indeed. While most of the principal characters in this book, dead and alive, are lawyers, it is not necessary to the story. A son who is called to his father's bedside, arrives too late and finds a handwritten will naming him executor and boxes full of money totaling $3,000,000. His father, a retired (by the electorate) judge never made much money during his life and what he did make, he mostly gave to charity. We spend too much time watching the son figure out if the money is traceable or phoney and when he is staisfied that it is not, watching him move it around from place to place. He decides not to tell his black sheep younger brother about he money as he is a recovering from everything individual and not particularly trustworthy.  However, someone knows he has the money and sends him cryptic messages about this knowledge. So the rest of the book is spent trying to find out where the money came from and who is after it. Both answers are kind of "ho hum". After the run this author has had it is not surprising to see that the well is a bit low and I am most pleased that I was loaned this book by a friend. If you want to read it, I hope you have a friend like I do.
I found this book disjointed and repetitive, and it didn't draw me in. Seemed as if Kerouac wrote a love letter to his youth, an idea of itself that could've been a great read, I'm sure, but to me the book just didn't have much substance. He explores promiscuity in the mid-20th century - the romantic burdens of high school age boys and girls of the day and how they're seen among their peers - but, frankly, not a whole lot happens in the book and it's not so beautifully written as to distract me from its lack of depth.If I liked anything at all in this book, it was the descriptions of the streets of Lowell, MA during those years, especially during snowstorms.I haven't read any other Kerouac and this of course is one of his lesser known, lesser acclaimed works, so I'll gladly give his other stuff a try.
I have read every book Grishman has written. Although a deviation from his lawyer tales, the book lacks depth. An OK Christmas story, but a book that really left me flat.  I expect more from Grisham.
Buyer beware: if you're buying this book new at top dollar so you won't have to pay a separate $65 fee for the CENTRO system -- and chances are good that you are, since CENTRO allows a would-be language teacher to "call in" their class with no effort or grading at all -- prepare to be disappointed. For some reason, this brand-new book at $120 from Amazon comes keyless, even though the exact same book at your college bookstore contains one. So, there's absolutely no reason to buy one here, unless you get it used at a great price. Very, very disappointing, and just another example of college textbook publishers and book sellers ripping the public off, but at least you can learn from my mistake.
We got this book to read with our 3.5-year-old son.  I am very disappointed.  Based on the good reviews, I assumed it would be a wholesome story.  Instead, I learn that Frances sings terrible, mean songs about her little sister and her friend "Fat" Albert.  I skip the words to those songs, as I don't even want to plant the seed of such unkindness in my son's mind.  Additionally, some of the boys in the books exclude the girls from a game of baseball, saying that it's not a game for "girls."  Maybe I'm just overly sensitive, but such thinking is so antiquated that even to have it mentioned is offensive to me, and it's an idea that I don't want my son to have.  I realize that maybe eventually I'll have to deal with such gender wars and ideas of prejudice (gender, weight, age, etc.), but I don't think it's appropriate for a three-year-old.  He doesn't have any idea yet not to like people for such petty reasons; why would I want him to get the idea that it's okay to feel that way??  Even if the characters in the Frances books ultimately redeem themselves, the seed of hateful thought will have already been planted in my loving little man. No thanks, Frances.
Starting out as an intellectual study, it quickly devolves into a 'new-agey' blather. A waste of money & time.
If you're looking for cheap, cheesy entertainment and wild specualation, this is it. This book has been kicking around for years and is currently back in the spotlight because "The DaVinci Code."Dan Brown's a much better writer of fiction than these guys and uses the ideas much more entertainingly.  However, if there was ever a book that should be shelved next to Shirley McClaine, this is it.
Half of this book is just copy and paste from the Atmel Datasheet. The other half are several projects that gives little explanation of what's going on in the project. Don't waste your money buying this book. Download and print Atmel AVR Datasheet. You learn more that way. The datasheet is much more complete and clear. They are also constantly updated.
I started to read this novel because I'd heard its title character, Humboldt, is based on Delmore Schwartz, a gifted poet who, like many others, had a hard life and died in poverty.  Bellow was apparently a friend of Schwartz's.  You'd hardly know it from this book, however.  It seems to use Schwartz's sad story as a pretext for Bellow to celebrate his own literary "gift."  At least, that's the impression I got from reading part of it. But  I just couldn't stand the narrator's self-congratulatory, breezy tone-- like a monotonous blast of hot air-- so I gave it up.  The poet who wrote the following lines deserves a better fictional portrait:"Regard the child, regard the animal./ Welcome strangers, but study daily things../... For we are incomplete and know no future/ And we are howling and dancing out our souls..."
This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  Its title deceives us.  We expect to see things like "kittens are cuddly," or "mothers love us."  Instead we read "snow is white," and "rain is wet."  We are led to believe there is something important in "whiteness" and "wetness," but these are merely descriptions of the world about us.  In giving such bland descriptions, the author attempts to derive values from facts, in effect deadening our senses to what should be depicted for children as a wonderful world.  The fact of the matter is, there's nothing important about this book at all.  Discard it!
A fan of Nesbo's tightly wound, if sometimes gruesome, writing I grabbed this in the airport.  It's a case of bottom-of-the-barrel pickings and it's easy to see that this is Nesbo's first Harry Hole.  Where Nesbo usually pushes the pace, this one trudges and meanders along. I never got past page 40, and that was with effort.  Skip it unless you're a Nesbo fanatic.
Let me preface this with two notes: 1, read anything else Steinbeck has written before this embarrassment; 2, I do not review in with opinions, I review with facts.I would rather have my nose cut off with my own teeth than have to read this dreck again. Steinbeck wrote this rubbish to be made into a hollywood movie, and the hacked cliche ending makes M. Night Shamalas look like a visionary genius who takes risks and doesn't make stupid last second endings that make absolutely no sense.Now Steinbeck is arguably the best storyteller in post1492 America history. Read Grapes of Wrath, Winter of Our Discontent, Cannery Row, the Red Pony, East of Eden, Travels with Charlie, Tortilla Flat, Of Mice and Men, even To A God Unknown, before you even pick up this book if you must. And all you lazy teachers assigning this to their students, for shame, for shame. Hang your heads.Anybody who gave this 5 stars should be gassed.
Very biased book. I didn't believe the other reviews but after reading it I realized that they were right. They focus on one side of the equation of ethics.
I'm really not sure how this book made it to publishing, there is no "lesson learned" in it other that being grumpy and wanting to fight - for no reason.  I made the mistake of reading this to my 3 year old without pre-reading it first.  It is curently in a recycle heap in our county.
After having heard so much about this book and having put it down several times over the past few years, I MADE myself read it although it was a chore from beginning to end! What a dry, poorly written book and such rave reviews! If this is a 5 star, what other junk are you reading????? I cannot believe anyone could find this anything but textbook level literature. It was true labor to finish it and I would NEVER suggest anyone to read this when there are such fine authors out there. Never-ending and dull and repetitive for almost 500 pages.
Yuck. I can honestly say I really didn't care much for this book.  Yeah there were some redeeming qualities, but it just wasn't for me.Frank and April Wheeler are your average couple in the suburbs.  He has a job in the city, she's a stay at home mom, and they have a couple of kids.  The difference is they both know that they deserve something better, that they're not the same as their suburban counterpoints.  They make big plans to move to Europe, where April will be the breadwinner and Frank will find what he wants out of life.  All they have to do is sell their house and notify Frank's job, and April has to find her job of course.  But things rarely go the way they want them to.I didn't like any of the characters in this book.  I was completely unsympathetic to Frank and April.  In fact, I thought they were a perfect couple of narcissists.  So they thought they were too good for suburbia and deserved better, boo hoo.  Maybe I'm just mean tonight but I honestly couldn't wait for the book to be over so I wouldn't have to read about them anymore.  And because they were the main characters the rest of the characters were written as simpering idiots and weak people in comparison to them.  They were probably actually very charming people.So maybe I just belong in Suburbia as I thought they really were pretentious characters.  And I guess that might have been Yates goal and the whole book was about that general culture, but its not exactly a compelling topic for me.  In fact, I actually found the book pretty boring.  The one good feature is that it gets a little more exciting in the end, although in a sad depressing way, but at least something happens instead of the characters talking about making things happen.  And in a detached way I can say it was written with a clear voice.  Yates has a nice flow of words despite his topic being uninteresting.Obviously I didn't really like it.  It won't quite make the one star rating of books I've read this year, but it came pretty close.Revolutionary RoadCopyright 1961337 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2011
Did I actually read in this book that the author claims one can put a dab of a substance on their hand, hold out their arm and if the substance doesn't match the 'energy' of the body, the arm will go down?  Or that holding a bottle of a supplement will be enough to 'change the posture' and read the 'body language' to see if a supplement will be 'accepted or rejected' by the individual's body?  Oh, what a blight on science education the author's 'experts' are!  This kind of pseudo-science is simply wrong and dangerous garbage.Quackery aside, I want to like this book because despite all of its false claims and fake science, it is promoting getting out and exercising.  That could do anyone some good.  But beware the awkward (and grossly incorrect correlations) between real science such as physics and kinesiology  versus the silliness akin to Reiki-ology.  BTW - kinesiology is the scientific study of the body's physical structures (skeletal, musculature, nervous system) and how it inter-relates -- the word has been usurped by the fairy dust crowd, but its original definition is not the 'energies' of a shoe and if the body will 'like' it by holding it in one's hand...  The sections on supplements is horrid for the same reasons.  Good nutrition is based on biochemistry, not magic auras.From a biochemical perspective, the body will use sugars first for energy, then move to fat metabolism when the easy energy is depleted.  That is simply how animals function with the insulin feedback system.  There are far better explanations -- and vastly more accurate with regard to the science -- in books like 'why we get fat'.  As for the premise that not maximizing ones output during exertion -- this stands up better with physiology research than the quackery elsewhere in the text, and is where the value of the book lies.As for the motivational and psychology of endurance running, there is far more to take away here, too.  The author ran a phenomenal distance -- so that achievement cannot go unrecognized.  Pity he fell for the fake science claims of the D.O. and his other 'sources'.  Taking a few chemistry and physiology classes would have exposed the non-sequitur 'science' claims.  Sad to see that such a promising publication and author falls for the pretend science prevalent in our science-illiterate country.
So. John Grisham is taking flying lessons and buying a Beechcraft plane. Gambling, too. Oh, and taking a vacation to Flathead Lake in Montana. And he needed to write this book to take the tax write-offs. Just as he did in The Partner and other recent books.How else do you explain having to slog through 300 pages to get to the first hint of excitement, all those trips to a casino to learn what anybody who watches the Discovery Channel's "Casino Diaries" about catching counterfeiters and cheaters already knows? 300 pages of setup that in the end only barely contribute to the plot? Come on. This is a "Twilight Zone"-like short story padded out to novel length.If a mindless computer could write a book, The Nummons would be it. It's not so much that The Nummons is so boring. It's that the writer is soooooo bored. He writes a "hero" so intrepid that at the end, once you've already figured out the "villain," a brick comes through the window, and intrepid hero flees like Scooby Doo. Hero has dirty thoughts about a woman grad student but pulls his punches all the way through. It's like Grisham can't get it (his enthusiasm) up to write a book. He pads on top of padding, gets to his required word count, dreams up an improbable ending and walks out of the story with the words, "So long, Bro." If only readers would stop buying his tripe and rewarding this lazy writing, we might be able to bid JG: "Good riddance, Bro."His regular readers betray how pathetic this book is, with their faint praise about not being sooo bad. I wonder what excuse Grisham makes to himself.There is only one mystery to The Nummons. How on earth could all those excerpts appear on the cover praising this stinker? Did the critics fall asleep before page 300, too?
I have read all the outlander books in the series up to here. Like a starving bookworm I could not put put books 1-4 away. Everyday after work all I did was reading until I finished one and I had to start the next one right away. However, I cannot say the same about "The Fiery Cross". This book has nothing of the adventure and excitement of its precursors. Things repeat themselves and too many chapters are spent on one event that coul have been described in 1-2 chapters  to keep the story moving. I've been dragging the process of getting through this book for weeks. Hope the last two are better.
I'm afraid that I will have to go against the other reviewers of this novel and say that I wasn't greatly impressed. I found it pretty slow moving with weak and unconvincing characters and it was a definite struggle to finish. It would have to rate as just about the least interesting "Arthur" story that I have ever read.I was also irritated by the historical inaccuracies. Some examples: the battle of Adrianople took place in 378AD and not 376AD, the macedonian phalanx was an infantry formation, not a cavalry one, the Roman short sword was a gladius, not a gladium.Having said all this, I will probably read at least one more of this series but this is no longer a high priority.
It was just a weakly written novel full of forced phrases and lines from the characters that just didn't fit the situations or were too cliche.
The beginning chapters were okay, but not easy to read ... not because of dense vocabulary, but poor writing style.  The later chapters were barely comprehensible.  Terms were not well explained, and formulas were incomprehensible.  The other classmates I discussed this with were in agreement, and even the professor (who did not choose the text) was underwhelmed.  I keep most of my textbooks, but I got rid of this one; I only passed the course by reading other resources I borrowed from the library to teach me what this text failed to.
I bought this book based on other user reviews in hopes of gaining some good insights into Social Media marketing for a local non profit. I found it so short on specifics, so generic, and so repetitive that I "read" the first 15% of it in 20 minutes. An example of the pablum text, "Your job, as a master of business social media, is to attract them, not to beg them. Your job is not to find them. Your success will come from letting them find you." Sounds like bad motivational speech or a fortune cookie. How does one act on this? Reading further, never provides specifics or a checklist or case studies. The other authors frequently recapitulate each other's content. It feels like it was created as a series of PowerPoint seminars and dumped into book form.If I could get my money back, I would. You can find more useful information free on the Internet by searching for "business social media" and "social media marketing".
The title ("Concrete Portable Handbook"), tagline ("This go-anywhere calculations book is designed to help you avoid mistakes, code violations, and wasting time and money on the construction site"), and various descriptions (e.g. "Designed to be an "all in one" reference") are completely misleading.As a civil engineer who works for a company that specializes in concrete highway construction (roads, bridges, walls, sign structures, etc.), I can assure you that no one who actual estimates, builds or inspects concrete items will find any use for this book.  My bookshelf has books dedicated to rebar, formwork, mix designs, etc.--the true books one needs if involved with the actual design/placement of concrete.Perhaps it could be a supplementary text for concrete course--but even here, it gets too much into the weeds and teaches nothing about design (which is the main purpose of such courses).
This book came highly recommended and to say the least I was disappointed.  It took forever to read and I almost gave up on it.  I really only enjoyed the last 50 or so pages.
Did not like this book at all. Both April and Frank weren't characters I felt like I could root for. I bought the book because the trailers for the movie looked good. I wonder if this is a case where the movie would have been better. Just kind of boring throughout and I didn't really have sympathy for either character.
I really wanted to like this book, and indeed, right up until I casually fact-checked a shocking number for an article I was writing, I was enjoying the depth of information about epidemiology. I'm a microbiology student who has been fascinated with parasitology and infectious disease for a very long time, so this seemed like it was right up my alley. And then I tripped over her facts - or rather, falsehoods. She claims, in the chapter &#34;Microbe Magnets&#34; that there were 500,000 deaths from Cholera in NYC in 1832. Wow&#8230; that's a horrifying number. Except it isn't true. There were about 250,000 people living in NYC that summer, and 3215 of them succumbed to the disease. I was able to check it from multiple sources in mere moments, with the magic of the internet at my fingertips, and although I know she wouldn't have had that in 1994, it is still an egregious error. Sadly, I'm done reading this book, and will look for other, more trustworthy efforts in the field.
I picked up this book because I was looking forward to a good science-fiction/fantasy novel set in the Scottish highlands of yore. The story took entirely too long for any real action to take place. The characters are weak. Gabaldon tries to give us descriptions of her characters to the point that we can actually feel we know them and would know how they would react. She then ruins it by having them respond in ways that do not fit with our previous knowledge. She does do a good job of transliterating the Scottish pronunciation in the appropriate accent however. The descriptions of the scenery are poor and she gives us no understanding of the whereabouts of the characters. I found the story to be uninteresting and slow to develop.Why 2 stars?:The only redeeming qualities of this book were the setting of the Scottish highlands and one decent character, that of Jamie. However, the rest of the characters and the plotline were dull and uninteresting.
I am commenting on the unabridged audio book....I was dissapointed in this story.  In fact I never made it past the 3rd of 6 tapes.  The story was slow moving, and by the 3rd tape you were still not sure what the basic plot line was.  It was sort of like watching someone's boring life.  There was a lot of good description of the area and the medicine of the time but the overall story was too slow for me.In fact if I hadn't re-read the back of the box I wouldn't have understood which people went back through time.I was dissapointed.
This book shows you how to be a leader in the digital age and provides "keys" to do it. The keys themselves boil down to: keep it simple, be true to yourself, be decisive, set ridiculous goals and stick to them, and put people first. None of them are particularly groundbreaking, but they were aggregated well from other business books and presented in an engaging way. Although those parts were more like a business primer than a book in its own right, I still enjoyed them.Another reviewer said that this had good advice for "baby boomers" but was nothing new for the already computer savvy. This may be true, but based on how many public Facebook pages there are with people posting things they clearly don't think are public, maybe there are fewer "computer savvy" people out there than we think. Some of the tips and tricks (like using LIFO for emails, managing your online presence) aren't anything new, but they are definitely things people need to know. The digital-related information comprised only a small part of the book which made me wish it had a different title. When a book is called "Digital Leader," its readers are going to expect digital content.I still would've rated this more stars if not for the EGREGIOUS editing errors. There were many, many missing commas that made some sentences difficult to read. This was a sentence: "To help sell an original deal to Starbucks's owner Howard Shultz." Yes, that's the whole sentence. And the very worst of all was the paragraph that referred to both "Rosey Grier" and "Rosie Grier." Incredibly distracting. I've never stopped reading a book because of editing mistakes, but I almost got there with this one. Come on--these are basics!Qualman, I'll read your next book, but only if you get a new editor.
Europe's Financial Crisis: A Short Guide to How the Euro Fell Into Crisis and the Consequences for the Worldis a book that deserves credit for good intentions.  This book reduces complicated themes into simple concepts.  In doing this, it may be misrepresenting the causes of the current European financial crisis.  There is far more opinion here than recounting of actual events.  It is largely drawn from financial journalism of the last several years.  But that narrow source material may not be enough to fully put the historic economic woes of Europe into the proper context.This book was written as a follow up toThe Fearful Rise of Markets: Global Bubbles, Synchronized Meltdowns, and How To Prevent Them in the Future, which addressed the US financial crisis.  He spends more than a third of the book describing the US market, covering the reasons for the sub-prime crisis and then the reasons the US recovered while Europe was reeling.  In my opinion, neither aspect is covered in a comprehensive way.  But it's little more than a distraction.Europe's financial crisis is necessarily connected to the US financial crisis as all things are connected in an ever more global economy.  But the author downplays the fact that their financial woes are fundamentally different.  Several European nations have had sovereign debt crises independent of private sector downturns.  In the cases of Greece, Portugal and Spain, the connection between their public debt problems and the US financial crisis that preceded it is tenuous at best.  Greece's case is particularly skewed, and the author paints a picture that is incomplete.The author states that if the Euro nations had their individual currencies, they could simply print money to deal with their debts.  Yet he implies that there are no consequences to this approach, which has a historical track record in economic history.  Countries that take this approach risk hyperinflation and losing access to public debt markets.CONCLUSIONThe problems that exist in the European Union are structural.  Any event that led to higher interest rates would have hastened their arrival.  It is true that the political situation makes it more difficult to resolve those problems.  But that does not change economic reality.  This book is an over-simplification of events that will not be fully understood until after they have long been resolved and studied under the constraints of academic rigor.
After reading David McCullough's Mornings on Horseback about young Teddy Roosevelt and his family, I wanted to further delve into the Roosevelt family and especially one of my heroines, Eleanor Roosevelt.  I mistakenly and tragically picked up this "biography".  It is not a biography!  In the introduction, the author clearly sets forth her agenda....to take any and all "facts" about Eleanor Roosevelt and shove them into the "Feminist" mold.  In the first chapter, ER's family is portrayed as being so dysfunctional, that they bore no resemblance to the family I had just read about in David McCullough's well researched book. This author's agenda was to make fun of and slander the society and family from which ER sprang, and which was responsible for her early beliefs.  A true biographer would not be so judgemental, but simply put forth what happened and help the reader appreciate the context in which it happened, so we could understand the people. I kept reading, hoping it would get better, but alas, dear reader, there is no reprieve. I, too am surprised that this book had become a best seller....probably because of the subject, not what was written about her.
As an occasional reader of some of the more general books on the universe, I was looking for something with a little more detail, something that didn't run away from math.  A quick read of the intro and I thought this would be the perfect book.  Penrose claimed that he could help people with limited ability to work with fractions.  Fractions?!?  No problem I thought.A few pages later and I was drowning.  This isn't simple math.  Problem is, he doesn't start from the beginning and build up (which granted would take more like 10,000 pages).  Instead, this book jumps hardcore into some serious math.  I'm sure this is great for some people and many will deservedly give this book 5 stars.  My issue is that it is being sold as a "don't worry, I'll teach you what you need to know" type of book.  In reality, the reader better have a serious math background.  For the record, my math background was generally statistics and business related math via an undergrad and an MBA program.
Well, this novel didn't upset me as much as "Drums of Autumn," but that's not saying much. Having LOVED the first three novels I was so dissapointed by "Drums of Autumn" that it took me 3 years to finally try reading this novel. Also, as I had NO expectations for this novel, I'm not sure I can judge it fairly. It was nice to read about these characters again, at least it reminded me how much I'd liked the first three. *smile*My sister asked me what the plot of this novel was (when I was on page 400 and something out of the 1000 pages) and I honestly couldn't tell her. The characters went from event to event for no greater purpose than to pass the time, it seemed to me. Basically everyone was waiting for 1776 and the revolution (but, as this novel ended in 1772, there's more waiting instore in the sequal, I imagine). Stephen Bonnett was a plot line that showed up every 200 pages or so, so I guess that was the plot arc, but it's pretty weak.I remember noticing how completely UN-invested I was in these characters' lives. I don't know if this is because of poor writing/weak character development/lame plots or because "Drums of Autumn" ruined it for me completely...but I think it was a combination of the two. I remember thinking to myself, at one supposedly highly-tense and emotional scene (all the problems between Claire and Jamie because of Phillip Wylie at Jocasta's wedding), "Wow. This is supposed to be tense and sad and emotional and i couldn't care less." That thought made me sad, as I had been so emotionally and mentally wrapped up in the first three.Another thing that seems lame to me is the continued learning about "time travel." I thought it worked brilliantly as this phenomenon tied into all the celtic legends. But now they keep finding artifacts of others who have "traveled" and they're learning all these "rules about time travel" (using gemstones, etc). Boo!!Oh well. I read it. It passed the time. I smiled at the sometimes witty dialogue. Oh, one more RANT. The character of Roger seems to have been invented solely for the purpose of tormenting him. Lord. From hangings to forest fires to all sorts of horrible things, this guy just gets beat on A LOT. Yet, his character is weakly developed. We don't really see anything interesting happen until after the battle of Alamance and that is sad-interesting.I'll be keeping this book, just cuz I've got the others on my shelf.
This book does not actually describe or explain or teach trend following.  And you will not learn to make millions in anything.  Covel's mis-titled book is a large (400+ page) disjointed collection of philosophical quotes and one liners.  Lots of short stories about specific named individuals which state that most of them make money doing trend following.  But no statements of what exactly trend following is or what these people actually did to get rich.This book is probably a pleasant read for those who want to read stories about other people and their generalized non-specific successes and failures.  It is something like listening to sports announcers endlessly discussing great football players, without watching any training clips or game clips, without watching any actual sports games, and without actually picking up a ball and throwing it.  Nice if you want to live vicariously by reading someone else say they did well.  But frustrating if you want to know what exactly they did or to actually do well yourself.It does a good job of promoting certain specific hedge fund managers.  Great for them.  Bad for you if you expected to actually learn something that you can use.There are no techniques, no systems, no tips, no studies, no formulas, no insight, no teaching.  Nothing useful.  Even the chapter titled Trading Systems, has not one single trading system.  Not one piece of a one trading system.  Nothing.Someone at an AAII meeting said he liked the book, and so I bought it without really looking it over.  If I had not messed it up, I would return it to the bookstore.  I feel scammed out of my time and money by a false title from a dishonest author and publisher.I understand why the book has a false title and false sub title.  Because there would be fewer sales if he put the truth on the cover, and put an honest title on it.There are many good books out there including the first trend book I ever read, Technical Analysis of Stock Trends, and my current favorite, Technical Analysis of the Financial Markets.  Don't waste you time and money on this useless distruction of valuable trees.
Jamie Fraser would probably comment:  "If ye havna anything worth saying, then tis wiser to be keeping your mouth shut, eh?"And this goes for writing, too, Diana...THESE BOOKS DON'T HAVE TO BE 900 PAGES LONG, REALLY, THEY DON'T.  300 good pages would be much better!If I wanted to read a Treatise on Life in the Pre-Revolutionary War American Colonies, I would get a book on history.  We don't read adventure/love stories for the boring details of life.  Granted, some are required, but give us a break, please, on the medical problems...Not nearly enough plot, either.Having just found this series, I loved the first three books, no, make that four.  But being able to read them fairly closely and in order, I have to say that the quality has gone waaaay down.  I'm not even sure that I want to read the last one, especially after reading the reviews.It's sad when an author can take you from "I can't wait to see what happens to my beloved characters!" to "who really cares, it's just too boring".Normally, I'm a very positive person.  But it's very hard to find something positive to say about how this potentially wonderful story has taken a turn for the mediocre.
Oh! Come on. I just got the book today. What is this? Chapter 5, very important part of UML titled "Use cases", has only 3 pages with a single image of "System boundary diagram"!!! Is this that really matters in the Use cases? For haven sake! I run out of words to explain the quality of this book. Book is total disaster. Chapter 6, OOD, 20 pages, 6 subchapters, Single Responsibility Principle, etc. Who cares about RSP, OCP, LSP, DIP, ISP. Why whould this be more important than Activity diagrams explained in details with numerous examples.What is this book about anyway. Skipping detailed explanation of use cases or of activity diagram or numerous important items in the UML world while providing me chapter about OOD, Iterative Development (3 pages), Planning.Then again State and FSM diagrams only 7 or 10 pages. Why is this called an UML book?Average free tutorial on UML is much better than this. Just go to google, IBM developer works, Borland community, wherever and get a decent UML introduction.Is this some kind of a joke? I wonder who could rate this book so high, 4 stars in average! And what does give this book a "Java" in title? Perhaps several interfaces written in java? Wow! How about making an C++ edition, with cca 240 pages as well.Oh come on, close this page about this book, go home, go to some other UML book. If only I had a chance to find and see a free preview of this book I would have never bought it.Look for the free sample of excerpt of the book first somewhere on the web, ed2k, wherever, before buying it. - I would never have bought it.
I've read (and enjoyed) 4 other books by Grisham, and thought this would be a good book to take on vacation.  Halfway through I considered just putting it down, but I didn't have anything else to read.  The &quot;plot twists&quot; are fairly obvious.  The action is repetitive, moving the money again, going to another casino, etc etc etc...  By the end I didn't really care what happened, but was just determined to finish.  All in all a suprisingly weak effort from a talented writer.
I was so excited to find Goodnight Moon in Spanish, as the English version was a favorite of my siblings 20 years ago, and my 15 month old son today.  We have dozens of Spanish translations of English books, some of which work better than others.  I had hoped this one would at least be okay, but for me, it seems very awkward and loses the charm of the original; and my son will not listen to even a page read in Spanish.Others have commented that  the book keeps the rhythm of the Spanish language, but I couldn't disagree more.  I am hesitant to simply blame the translator--with such simple images, I think there is only so much a translator can do to preserve the feeling of the original, and perhaps this book just didn't lend itself.  All the charming rhymes seem to be lost, without being replaced, and so the repetition that is so soothing, even to babies, just isn't there.  In addition, the lines themselves feel so much longer in Spanish, as well, and my son, who adores the English, gets very impatient for the page to be turned.Let me just provide a couple examples.  From the first page to the second:English: In the great green ROOM, there was a telephone, a red balLOON, and a picture of...the cow jumping over the MOON.Okay, maybe "room" is a stretch there, but there is a rhythm to that rhyme.Spanish:  En la gran habitacion verde, hay un telefono, un globo rojo y un cuadro...de una vaquita que salta sobre la Luna.Some other pages are slightly better:English: 2 little kittens and a pair of mittensSpanish: Dos gatitos juguetones, dos caletines y dos mitonesBut followed by:English: ...comb and a BRUSH and a bowl full of MUSH, and a quiet old lady who was whispering HUSHSpanish: ...cepillo y un gran peine y papilla en un tazon, y una amable viejecita que teje muy calladita.So is there some rhythm in the Spanish translation?  Sure.  But does it even approximate the English?  No, I don't think so.  Of course translations are not going to be perfect, but we own many Spanish texts [translated from English] that are virtually as good as (or even occasionally better than) the original.  The awkwardness of this translation seems to present a bad example of the beauty and flow of Spanish, and unless reading the English version is not a possibility, I really don't recommend this book in Spanish--especially not with a baby or toddler.  An older, school age child who wants to learn the Spanish vocabulary would, I think, be much more likely to enjoy this book (thus the 2 stars instead of 1).Note for reference: Some board books we have enjoyed in Spanish include "Donde esta el ombliguito" by Karen Katz, and all the "Este no es mi..." books (Este no es mi dragon being a favorite among favorites, though, to be fair, some of the word choices are a bit odd, but that doesn't affect the overall flow of the book).
I had a hard time sticking with this book, mostly because the two main characters were just so utterly unlikeable that by 1/2 way through the book I decided they both deserved each other and I couldn't really care anymore what happened to either of them.The wife, and main character, Evvie, is a wreck. She's manipulative and pathetic, trying to force her marriage to work again but in all the wrong ways. It's frustrating to watch. Meanwhile her husband, Ben, has checked out of the marriage a long time ago and so it's hard to really feel for him or follow the story at all.If you're considering this book, I'd first recommend Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn, which seems to have a very similar underlying message at the start, but takes off in a way that First You Try Everything never really could.
This book attempts to cover, more or less, the content of a typical introductory course in corporate/managerial finance.  While the cover claims to "cover all key concepts of corporate finance" and that it contains "clear discussion of all the complex issues," it fails on both counts.  Most, but not all, key concepts are covered, and due to the length of the book, many of the more complicated concepts only have a page or two devoted to them.  The book assumes that one already has a basic knowledge of accounting and mid-level algebra, and to a lesser extent, microeconomics and macroeconomics.  I am a little weak on the math angle, and the book has a habit of displaying a formula that isn't used or explained until several pages later in the book.  The quizzes themselves are multiple choice, "A" through "D," but the answer key only gives the correct letter choice.  It does not explain how or why any given answer has been arrived at, which is very frustrating if the book hasn't given adequate coverage or explanations of certain functions, which is often.The book gives generic instructions on how to use a financial calculator to solve some of its problems, but you'll need to dig into your calculator's manual, as the generic instructions were different enough that I usually couldn't directly follow them.As another reviewer pointed out, there are definite errors in the quiz questions, where it will refer to non-existent information, and one has to guess what part of what chart or figure it might really be referring to.  I also believe that sometimes the answer key for a quiz will give the wrong answer, say "A" when the answer is really "C."  Unfortunately, the book is published by McGraw-Hill, which, in my experience, goes out of its way to be unhelpful and unresponsive.  One can navigate to the Business section of McGraw-Hill's website, go to contacts, e-mail the address given for errata requests, several times, and enjoy deafening silence.  Other publishers often print errata on their websites to begin with.  I don't think McGraw-Hill stands behind their books, and I think it shows in the quality of their offerings."Corporate Finance Demystified" is something you can learn from, but much of it is confusing slog until things begin to fall into place (and not everything does), and you will need to seek out alternative sources of information to understand what "Corporate Finance Demystified" often fails to fully explain.
While Lewis does a fine job as he writes a personal memoir of his time at Solomon Brothers in the mid-1980's, he soon loses focus of his main storyline. Lewis wanders off for three chapters to describe the creation of a home mortgage market and the personalities involved. It is as if Lewis or his editor suddenly decided that the amusing anecdotes of life on Wall Street were fine pulp, but needed to be framed in the context of historical substence in order for the book to be seen as respectable. (Ironically, Lewis's account of the rise to power of Michael Milken is more gripping, perhaps because Lewis was more directly affected by Milken's ambitions.) The evolution of equities as an investment is ignored almost completely, leaving the reader to wonder how, in the span of two years or so, the equities department of Solomon Brothers could go from "powerless" to surviving the layoffs started days before the crash of '87 to being the reason Solomon Brothers had its worst year in history. The author is inconsistent in his granting of pseudonyms or anonymity, naming a great many employees by name while protecting a chosen few. All in all, Liar's Poker is a quick, sometimes amusing account of Lewis's time at Solomon Brothers, but little more.
Though a required text for my Master's course had I been the professor I would have shelved this as out of date and not relevent.  Not only does it not mention recent findings, it is too old.  Mr. Kitto had been dated 9 years before the third publication.  while interesting to read, I would not have chosen it.  As a result I ordered a much more recent book and one that is relevent to the 21st century and it's discoveries.  If I were a professor I would advise collegues to suggest it but not require it.
It took me until the last quarter of the book to be interested in what happens next, which is not what I expected. And I didn't think anything was described very well... At all. I couldn't picture any of the people. I couldn't picture any of the places. And it jumped around like crazy. Literally on one page Harry is a raging alcoholic and then on the next page he just isn't anymore.Really hard to follow and really hard to care.
This book was very hard to get into. Even halfway through I was still trying to connect with the main character. There was just something about her that I couldn't grasp and it made reading this difficult.
Got this from a friend as a gift. I expected a bit more from this author, considering her past success and fame, but I have to admit that is far too overrated as a writer. The characters lack dept and her oversized ego is all over the pages. I would not recommend it to anybody.
I read somewhere that readers should start with a book like this as opposed to simply jumping right in to Ulysses.  Well, that may be true.  This book was not difficult to read.  But, it really wasn't that interesting.  I found myself less willing to put forth the energy to get through Ulysses after reading this.
Trust me on this one:  This is one case where you should skip the book and see the movie instead.  Grab yourself some popcorn and go for it.
Reading this book felt like reading a cheap and very poorly written romance novel complete with silly characters, unbelievable situations and painfully predictable plot lines. Nevertheless, it managed to hold my interest for the first half or so (kind of like gawking at a train wreck). Then, suddenly bored and fed up with the ridiculous characters and plot, I skipped to the last chapter, thought what a stupid ending and put the book away. Don't bother with this one--there are too many GOOD books out there to read.
Mr. Thomsett has a lot of experience in options trading and he applies that know how in his book Trading With Candlesticks.  A "candlestick" is a type of chart marker.  Imagine a line showing a stock's high and low selling points for the day.  The top of the line would be the most the stock had traded for on that day and the bottom of the line would be the least it had traded.  Now put a small tick on the line for the price it traded for as the day ended and you have a traditional line chart.  The candlestick chart takes it one more step.  The candlestick shows the price where the trading started (the open) and where it was when the day ended (the close).  The prices at the open and close represent the "fat" part of the candle and the smaller lines emanating from the top and bottom are the "wicks" showing the complete trading range for the day. Trading periods are important as well, and Mr. Thomsett uses a day as a trading period.Candlesticks, either singly or in groups, take on many different looks, and those looks may tell a stock investor what tomorrow will bring.  The key is to look for more than the activity of one day.  Confirmation signals on following days, volume, average volume, moving averages and more can all serve as timing signals to the investor.  And that is the key to all the technical language.  Timing the market is the aim of the trader who uses candlesticks to try and coordinate his entry and exit from the market.  Buy low, sell high.The theory underlying Trading With Candlesticks is the same for all charting or technical indicators.  They all assume that the stock market works in predictable ways.  The assumption is the market moves in recognizable patterns and once those patterns can be discerned then one can use them to time the buying and selling of stocks.  The author never discusses this underlying assumption.Mr. Thomsett's book is filled with numerous examples, starting with the simplest trading signs and advancing to the very complex.  The book is a gold mine of definitions and examples of various candlestick trading patterns from single stick signals to triple stick signs and confirmation indicators.By its very nature the trading discussed has to take place often, that is, over a period of a few days or weeks. What Mr. Thomsett does not do is discuss the costs of trading, especially day trading.  Broker's fees are a major concern of the individual investor and these are not discussed.  Discount brokerages are not included in any discussion, how to save on trading when it is done often, and how to avoid unnecessary fees.  To his credit he does discuss using a paper or virtual portfolio to test your ability to trade with candlesticks prior to spending real money.There is another omission that I find nearly intolerable.  He never discusses using a computer to help with the trading.  If there is anything on earth a computer is good at it is spotting repeating patterns.  I have seen dozens of advertisements touting one kind of computer trading program over another.  And the kind of trading Mr. Thomsett is talking about should fit with perfection into a computer program; however, he does not discuss computer trading programs.  I graded this book down heavily for this omission.I would not expect the author to recommend a program, but he could at least point out what kinds of programs do what.  Will the program be weighted more to the technical confirmation side or the price side?  Which programs have had the most success, and how does one recognize which programs have shown themselves to be successful?  According to the advertisements they all have outstanding track records.  The book should have given the reader some hint as to how to search out the computer programs and test them for the reader's type of investing.The book is only 233 pages and it is easy to read.One last observation, the charts and examples set forth in Trading With Candlesticks go a long way to proving that the stock market has no discernible patterns.  Time after time the book warns against "false signals" and obtaining confirmation on any set up move.  It is possible that the stock market's moves are random and cannot be predicted by people or computers.  The underlying assumption about discernible patterns may be false; thus, any kind of market timing program may prove more harmful than good.  I personally see no confirmation that any kind of trading program can bring predicable results.  Just my opinion.AD2
This is the sixth Bellow novel I've read, and the first one I've read since I finished Humboldt's Gift on July 8, 1981.  Sammler is a nice guy, in contradistinction to most other central characters of Bellow's novels,  but nevertheless I was awfully bored by this book.  I guess I am just  intellectually lazy, but I thought this was a stupid book.  I only read it  because I am reading the National Book award winners.  I am glad I got this  one read.  I enjoyed William Gaddis's A Frolic of His Own better than this  book, even tho this book is written very lterately, and uses proper  punctuation.
While I usually love reading Michael Crichton's books, this one was a disappointment for me.  I did not find it up to the author's usual high standards. The story was not as captivating, and the background information Crichton usually includes, enabling readers to be further educated as well as entertained, was in limited supply. I felt like the author was more interested in writing a preliminary screenplay than a good publication. This is one Crichton book I would NOT recommend.
I was somewhat excited to read this short story, but Patterson has disappointed me once again. I have now given up on him because of his childish writing and silly plot driven "novels." I guess being a 23 year old male doesn't help considering he obviously targets middle aged women.
&quot;House of Sand and Fog&quot; is an utterly grating and annoying, dismal novel that appears to be most concerned with how much it can irritate its reader before said reader throws the book against the wall.  By the time this twaddle was over, I was fed up with everything about it: the writing style, the characters, the stupid plotline.  I wanted to see the three principal characters horse-whipped by the time all was said and done.This book pretentiously compares itself to classic Greek tragedy, but don't be bamboozled into thinking you're going to find anything profound here.  We're supposed to feel frustration at the childish behavior of the three principals and shake our heads ruefully at the end, thinking &quot;if only there had been more understanding, the whole ugly situation could have been averted.&quot;  Yeah, well if Andre Dubus hadn't made his one and only point in the first 20 pages, the book might have been interesting.  As it is, all we get are 300+ numbing pages about people acting as self-destructively as possible.I did give it two stars instead of one because of the character of Colonel Behrani.  He is interesting, and Dubus manages to make me understand all of his motivations.  I can just picture the kind of proud, stubborn patriarch he represents because I've known a few in my time.However, when it comes to the characters of Kathy and (especially) Lester, Dubus leaves me beached and wondering why in hell I should I care about these people let alone take the time to understand what motivates them?  Kathy is disappointingly simplistic, and I wanted to scream every time she lit up one more cigarette.  Whenever Dubus needs her to be doing something, he has her light up a cigarette.  I felt like I'd been on a week-long drinking and smoking binge by the time I&quot;d finished this novel.But Dubus saves his worst writing for developing the character of Lester, a man who makes about as much sense as Baz Luhrmann fans.  Even Dubus doesn't understand this character, and it's painfully obvious. 50 pages from the ending (while the whole mess is supposed to be charging toward a climax), Dubus is still pausing to give us yet more back story on Lester in a desperate attempt to make his actions seem at all relevant or feasible.  Why not just make him a crazy lunatic and be done with it?I suppose I was supposed to care about the harm that comes to the characters in the end, but I wasn't.  Frankly, I was happy that some of them were put out of their misery.I only wish someone had spared me the misery of reading this overblown piece of rubbish.And by the way, Dubus needs to take a class in literary subtlety. When you've made reference to your novel's driving metaphor in the freaking TITLE (fog), give your readers some credit for not being total idiots, and avoid making references to it on every stinking page.Stay away, stay far, far away.
My great-grandfather was a Sioux Indian, and he would be spinning in his grave at some of the terrible errors in this book. I would imagine that most American school children would know that "woohitika" means bravery, and not fortitude (which is, of course "wowacintanka"). I think you will find that The Great Spirit Skan made us with bones from Stone, and not Brick, like Gardiner would have us believe, and it was Spider that sent Wolf to the Underworld, and not "Yucky Wucky Stinky Winky Cockroach". The author has tried hard to create a touching novel about a young boy going through the agonies and indecision of pubescence, and his realtionship with a dog and a virile man much older than himself, but it's the details that let the story down. Finally, it was buffalo that roamed the Great Plains, and not "lanky legged, boggle eyed giraffes". Shocking.
I was excited about getting this book after reading some reviews. But when I finished the book, it was a letdown. Instead of a fresh plan or outlook, it was more of the same advice that has been given a hundred time before from other sources. So many of the options were for those that had a lot of money to begin with. Nothing for the middle class or struggling seniors that needed some place to invest safely. I think it would be better to get a consultation with an honest and genuine financial advisor, one who was, perhaps, recommended by a family member or good friend.
I just started the book. I just want to say something right away: STOP WRITING ABOUT FRANK! STOP TALKING ABOUT FRANK! I DON'T CARE ABOUT FRANK! I'm sooooo irrited by Claire and Bree because of Frank!! PLEASE!! Stop getting me upset!! He's in the past now! I don't feel sorry for him at all!! I don't care about him at all!! So please!! The book would be soooo much better if Frank would just remain DEAD and not mentioned again!!Will continue my other opinion later when I'm done with the book.
Pompei, by Robert Harris, is terrible.  It is written in a childish style like you used to get in the Weekly Reader in third grade. The plot is lighter that pumice. Do you think our hero, Attilius, will live through the eruption, go back to Pompei and find the girl? Do you think Exomnius was on the take and Ampliatus is behind it all?  As soon as you meet these characters it is clear what is going to happen the writing is so bad. I was hoping that our hero would have to solve some intricate math in roman numerals, like in the Da Vinci Code, to add some interest. Don't buy this in hard cover, wait for the comic book. Even Russell Crowe would turn down this movie, the plot it is so dumb.
I purchased this book because it was recommended to those who enjoyed DaVinci Code.  Not as well written or interesting as DaVinci Code.  Would not recommend it to others.
I've started several Updike novels on the strength of his reputation (The Centaur, Bech, Witches of Eastwick), but this is the only one I've gotten through, perhaps because all its characters aren't the upper middle class twits in which he specializes.  To be sure, the upper middle class omniscient narrator disapproves of them-- a radicalized black Vietnam vet and a promiscuous teenage runaway girl-- but that made me rather like them, and resent the nasty fates the narrator hands out to them.  What does it all mean?  That it's  too bad we aren't all upper middle class twits?
I've used Deitel & Deitel books in the past to learn C++ programming. They were recommended by smart folks.This book on Android disappoints.The instructional material requires a specific, legacy setup of Eclipse and the Android SDK. I haven't been able to get the code to compile. Chapters are promised as add-ons later.I'd give it one star if it weren't for the promises of a later updated book. If the update fixes the problems then I'd consider updating my review accordingly, but for now, I'm unimpressed.
Another well-intended LSAT prep offering, this book purports to use the strategies developed by Harvard Law in order to offer a "foolproof" method of solving LSAT logic games.  Their method is foolproof, all right; the rate of typos, misprints and other errors contained in this book made the prep questions virtually useless to any but a complete fool.  The poor editing makes me wonder if anyone at McGraw Hill, let alone HLS, has ever heard of red pen - and, as another reviewer suggested, casts a great deal of aspersion on both the legal and writing skills of Harvard students.That being said, I actually found the book /in toto/ to be quite useful; I simply applied the strategies delineated therein to old disclosed LSATs.  That approach worked quite well and yielded much better results than using any of the books by itself (or, for that matter, LSAC's own prep method).Sadly, this execrable state of accuracy isn't limited to one or two bad books; every LSAT prep book I worked with, including entries from all the major prep companies, was plagued with the same rates and kinds of errors.  (I'm already planning on requesting a refund from a particular name brand, as blindly following its "correct answers" would guarantee a poorer score than one would obtain with no prep at all.)  One has to wonder if this is an industry-wide scheme to drive people away from the books and into classroom-based prep courses.
This book is so bad that it SHOULDN'T BE PUBLISHED.  It has many obvious errors in coding and also definitions.  Looks like a book that was released in a rush and I wonder if anyone proof-read the contents.Nice-looking book and good layout but reviewing the suitability of it to study for certification, this book is trash.Don't waste your time on this book.  If you trust the book without reading carefully, you'll probably need a ... for all the Java stuff you learnt from the book and better off re-learning everything from other book(s).This book is classic trash.
This book was a huge disappointment. I tried reading it but couldn't finish it because I was so appalled that this author stole 90% of his content from Wallace Wattle's The Science of Getting Rich (written in 1910). I have read Wallace Wattle's book over 10 times so I have most of it memorized. Immediately I realized that he was using wallace wattle's book, most of it being verbatim and in the same order. Plagarism at its worst. You're better off reading The Science of Getting Rich by Wallace Wattles which is much better and not from a shady author.
That quote is found in this book and couldn't be more apt. The quote is the only good thing I got from reading this story. And when I say "read" I mean I skipped many pages and came close to just quitting the whole thing, but decided for some unknown reason to keep slogging on to the end. This book stole my time. Time I could have spent doing something much more interesting, like reading Garfield or taking out the garbage. Actions I would recommend instead of reading The Rule of Four.
This was an extremely difficult book to read.  It is long, the font (in the copy I had) was small, and the writing style was unique, but hard to follow.  I got the basic gist of the story, but I'm sure I missed a lot of what the author was trying to convey.
A book should flow, have a story line, a thought process, and not be just a compilation of odds and ends paragraphs.It wasn't until page 200 or so that the writing style cleaned itself up a bit.  They started telling more of a story instead of blathering about inconsequential tidbits.  It seems like the first few hundred pages or so they are trying to impress us with the life of Princeton, by mentioning everything and anything they can to make a non-princeton individual jealous of the life style (dropping a bunch of one paragraph aren't you jealous info. - makes me think more - what a bunch of spoiled dolts these authors are to write like this and waste my time without telling me anything relevant or intelligent).  After page 200 there are still slips into the "oooh look at me" paragraphs dropped throughout, but they actually do start to tell an interesting story that is a little more coherent.  This is definitely one book that will not sit on my book shelf.  If I wasn't reading it for my book club, I would never have waisted my time to finishing it.
The authors of this work spent over 10 years research the grail mysteries, the authenticity of Jesus' crucifixion and resurrection, and the possibility that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene, fathered children with her that led to a line of royalty that the Knights Templar and the Priory of Sion would try to keep secret and protect.Very interesting stuff, huh? Well, the one star I am giving this book is for the authors' ability to take that fascinating material and turn it into the longest, most painful, and boring experience I have had of late with a book. I have read (and reviewed) several books that deal with these same issues, but they all had an element of excitement to them. I was so bored by the endless on and on of things that were completely irrelevant that I wanted to be crucified just to have it done with!I know that many people really admire this work and it does contain some valuable insights. I just think there are better works that get us there faster (see "The Woman with the Alabaster Jar").I can't honestly say I would recommend this book.
Seems like it was written in a rush. No depth at all in the characters. The first Wool publication was  interesting. This is just poor writing.
I did not like this book very much because of the content. But the author is a great writer and I am amazed at how successful she is. I am very impressed by her work ethic.
I've read most of the books on most Great Books lists.  I don't mind working hard at what I read and can tolerate not understanding every sentence.  I loved Pynchon's V. -- but I hated GRAVITY"S RAINBOW.  I found its plot rambling and its language less than stellar -- more focused on arcane vocabulary than on artful syntax.  Reviews rarely mention the proliferation of truly unappealing sex scenes.  Mind you, it's quite an achievement to write so many unappealing sex scenes, and they serve a purpose:  Pynchon is interested in how war reduces sex to death and money, while a privileged few on both sides of the conflict scramble to consolidate power.  Fine -- but if you want to get that point in a truly artful package, watch DR. STRANGELOVE, or read Margaret Atwood. This book combines the weaknesses of a comic book (shallow characterization, a reductively paranoid view of how the world works, geeky obsessiveness and prurience run amok) with those of a turgid Novel of Ideas that takes itself too seriously and goes on way too long.  I can see that it's a bold move to demystify World War II, and Pynchon's encylopedic knowledge and verbal glee can produce great moments, such as the description of Tyrone Slothrop choking down a series of increasingly disgusting British candies.  But in the end, I regretted the time I devoted to reading this book, and I am surprised that it has had such staying power.
Donald Trump is one of the most unsympathetic characters in the world, and this book just makes one realize how little most people care for the guy who thinks he has perfected the combover.  Sadly, there is absolutely nothing important, interesting, or new here - so buy at your own discretion.  Why are these books published anyway?
I have read the entire book and purchased the complete test bank on CD that Mike Myers offers.  I studied the hardware questions till I was scoring in the mid 90%, on the 600 plus questions on hardware.  I just passed the hardware section with 10 points to spare.  This book should not be considered test prep material..  I am preparing for the software section of the test now using Test King.  I do not have any professional experience in the IT field but I have been using computers since I build my first one that ran on CPM.
As an admirer of his previous books ( e.g. shadows of the mind ) I was very disappointed by this massive effort on Penrose's part to describe the physical universe.  As a dropout from the Phd. program in theoretical physics at Caltech I still try and keep up with the latest developments in theoretical physics particularly in regards to quantum field theory and string theory.  The problem with this book is if you aren't already familiar with the mathematics underlying much of modern physics the book is useless and if you are the book should have been only 200 pages long instead of 1050.  Basically I bought the book to get Penrose's views on string theory and the measurement problem in quantum mechanics but here other than some useful criticism he added little to his previous works.  Though the book is inexpensive I still feel a condensed version written for those who can really understand this book would have been more useful. For those who are not familiar with the mathematics and the physics presented here dont even think of learning it from this book - it will be impossible.
From the opening of the book on we learn that Philip Roth is the one with the ultimate wisdom. Using the Monica Lewinsky scandal - a recurring theme in the book - he shows us that we are all prude. The sexual revolution, which was brought to the literature by Philip Roth (among others), has failed. There is still much to do. For the remaining of the book Roth will try very hard to shock us, by using as much dirty language as possible. I have never heard anyone talking like that and I highly doubt that Philip Roth has. At times I thought, "Philip, you can relax, we know now that you know all these words!"He will also write down his very own philosophy, and how he writes, how he manages to write pages and pages without developing any new idea, introduces the taste that here is someone who has understood it all. In this book, there are so many passages where you can just jump ahead without missing anything.It is not a sign of good literature if you notice that not Zukerman, the narrator of the story, is the one speaking to us, but Philip Roth himself. And his tone has something of a know-it-all, and something bitter. After having read it, I thought that Roth is no-one I want to meet or I want to discuss with. Then I read some articles about him, and indeed, he has not the reputation of being an easy character. You feel that on every page of the book.But the book has larger flaws. First, I do not like the narrative. It is Zukerman who speaks, and he is a first person narrator. At the same time he is omniscient and can replicate interior monologues of all the protagonists. I do not like this mix up, and I feel that Roth just does not manage this choice of perspective. Compare it with Great Gatsby or Brothers Karamazov where the author can control this kind of storytelling (a first person narrator) much better.Then there are the inner monologues which are far from flawless or interesting. They are really quite pointless and, frankly, badly written. They go on pages and pages without making a point, without adding something to the story. If you have read Ulysses or Miss Dalloway, you see such a quality difference.The book could have been so much better if well written. The topic - the individual and how it is shaped by society - is highly interesting. The main character, by looking for individuality, looses it totally, but only because the society does not want to accept him as he is. And at times, you can get an idea how brilliant Roth could be, would he take a little more time for his books, write less, but more carefully and would he be less egomaniacal. For example, we find out in detail how Silk characterizes Delphine Roux. Later, she characterizes Silk. How these individual characterizations diverge from their true characters is very interesting. Again, the topic how an individual is shaped by the behavior of others.Well, there are far too few good scenes like that in the book to make up for the flaws. Given how many good books there are, I wouldn't waste my time on that one.
Influencer simply fails to live up to its title. Aside from being an awkward title, "Influencer: The Power To Change Anything," is a pretty big promise on which the content just doesn't deliver. I found the book difficult to finish, not because the writing was difficult, wordy, or academically obtuse, but because it felt disorganized and unfocused.The writing is a mixed bag, making me wonder about the process involved with five authors. Was it written by committee, were different people responsible for differents parts? The style varied in places, sometimes jumping back and forth between topics way too many times, and the total effect was one of confusion. Where it is not confusing, the writing is good, but not powerful or overly persuasive. It just leaves me with the feeling of something lacking.There is good information in here, if one is really willing to expend the effort to dig it out. I loved the stories about Delancey Street and the other examples of "Influencers," and the lessons to be learned are important. I can't say they were worth the effort of slogging through the entire book, when the last chapter pretty much delivered all the content in one concise chunk. That made me wonder if this was really a magazine article that was puffed up to book length.I love good material on persuasion and agents of change, but after reading this, I would not add it to my library. It did make me more curious about the work of some of the people mentioned, but was unfulfilling in the final analysis. It does not sell me on their ideas if they can't "influence" me with the book.
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? This Guy. I'm probably going to have to turn in my English Lit Major membership card over this, but man. I slogged through this, and didn't enjoy it at all. I'm not sure when I was last so bored by a book whose core concept intrigued me so much. Orlando is virtually immortal, changes gender mid-book, has a group of core household personnel who also seem to be immortal. The story starts in Elizabethan times and moves to the early 1900's. So much of that is fodder for great storytelling, not to mention the ability to comment on societal norms, gender reversals, etc. I won't deny that Woolf manages to pack a lot of social commentary into the book. I won't deny that she experiments with form in a way that makes most students and professors of English literature salivate. But in a book that is over 300 pages long ... nothing happens! Sure, there's the sudden deep freeze and equally sudden thaw of England that provides a momentary rush, but other than that, the protagonist spends pretty much the entire book sitting around depressed over the slights he receives from a woman, a fellow poet, and other varied personalities. I'll say it again: I was bored. And based on my reaction to this, which is supposed to be the most accessible of Woolf's works ... I can honestly say I don't think I'll be trying to read anything else by her.Also, It is interesting to me that when I looked on Amazon, BN and Goodreads, none of the product descriptions I read attempt to describe the plot of ORLANDO. These are product descriptions now, not reader reviews. They all talk about how original and influential the book is and what a great movie Tilda Swinton was in a few years back. But none of them even attempt to describe the plot beyond what's quoted in the premise above. Maybe I just looked in the wrong place, or maybe it's just become accepted that ORLANDO is one of those things you read because "it's a classic."
Wanting something to read on vacation, I hurriedly grabbed the Vintage paperback edition from a dusty shelf in the back of my home office.  The book had belonged to my stepson many years ago. As I thumbed through the pages, it began to fall apart.I do not recall having to read The Sound and the Fury in college, but I knew it was famous.  Other than that, I came to the book with an open mind but expecting excellence.  To that end, I was sorely disappointed, despite some fine passages, but even those often contained unclear elements.From the start the story came across as gibberish.  Time jumped around, and characters appeared with little or no introduction.  Gradually a sense of story began to sink in, but by then, what might have been significant in the earlier pages was already lost to me.  I wondered what connection the title had to the story.  I struggled through the entire book, finding later sections to be more coherent, particularly the last, but I was unable to gain a full appreciation of the story.  And I wasn't about to reread the book repeatedly to obtain it.There seems to be no effort at word economy, particularly in dialogue.  There are endless rambling paragraphs and only four "chapters" for the 400 pages of text.Worst of all, there is inadequate exposition throughout the book.  There is no introduction telling the reader how the book is constructed, most notably, that it begins with an account by an idiot.  The idea of having a family's story related by several  members if fine, so is writing in stream of conscious, but adequate exposition is needed to orient the reader.Frustrated during the reading, I thumbed through it and discovered the appendix which described the Compson family.  Most of this material should have been presented early in the book, but even that would not have provided adequate exposition.  After reading the book, I learned that the appendix was added some time after the first edition to help the reader.  That should be a big hint that the book is lacking in exposition.  I believe that good exposition is the responsibility of a writer.This book is more of a puzzle than a story, and the latter is sacrificed for the former.  The author does not lead you through the story; he throws you into it.  For those who marvel at the literary value of this book, I say, "The emperor has no clothes."
I took a Java course in the summer of 2003 to prepare for a course I took during the second semester of 2003-2004. I understood it fine using different documentation.The course I took in school required me to use the Deitel book. The book is written in absolute nonsense langauge. It's very verbose and hard to understand. The book I had contained two chapter sixes and no five--it had to be sent back. By the time I got the new book I was so fed up with Java that I had explored other books. Unfortunately my instructor wanted to use this book, probably because it is so expensive. The disc included with the book contains the examples and a compiler, but the compiler doesn't work on a Macintosh, plus it is outdated. The book doesn't even have any good humor, which is essential for me in a good textbook. This is a new edition of the book, but I doubt much was changed. My school actually got rid of this book, probably because of my violent complaining and destruction of the book's cover (it's paperback and it will wear out quickly if you throw it against the wall all the time like I did--and believe me, you will want to).If you need a Java book try Barry Burd's "for dummies" series. They are well-written and funny.
I have read this book twice now and I just cannot seem to make my mind up.First time through, my little girl was teething so I read as and when I could and found &quot;Fury&quot; enthralling.  Brain food.  Rushdie writes like Kubrick films.  There seems to be a whole lot going on behind what you have in front of you.In terms of what you have in front of you.Professor Malik Solanka.  I give that a sentence in its own right, because that - he - is what the book is about.  There is more than likely a certain amount of intended confusion between Solanka and Rushdie but - either way - the majority of the book resides in the professor's head.  What we know we know through him.  Professor Malik - Solly - left his wife and young child in England (because - well, whole host of reasons but - primarily - he found himself standing over his wife and child in the dead of night wielding a knife and - didn't know how or why or what he could and would do).  The problem - whatever the problem is - does not evaporate upon arrival in New York.  He is in the grip of a fury (such that he is asked to leave restaurants after bursting into torrents of expletives that he is not aware of).  The fury does not always leave post-it notes explaining what Solly got up to in its grip.  Hence, when a serial killer starts bashing in the heads of debutantes, Solly wonders if the deaths are down to him.  Mix in the fact that Solly is something of a celebrity - having created a doll called Little Brain (in fact, mix in the idea of dolls, mix in the history of dolls, mix in all the doll shaped ingredients you can find) - and add a pinch of civil strife from overseas and you have -Well. What do you have? You don't have a novel, as such. Not really.  Even first time, through, it feels more like reportage than fiction: Salman Rushdie's thoughts on New York.  Everything else feels incidental (oh how kind: he created characters for us - even if those characters appear to be vague biographical sketches).  And, first time through, that is okay (aside from the mess that is the end, but we'll get to that).  I would want to know what Rushdie thinks about New York, and by extension, America.Second time through, you get more critical.  The fact that this reads like an episode within an oevre (as if Rushdie no longer has to write novels, he can now dash off a postcard recounting his latest views on the world, the way a - important this - pop star might:  this is novel as album) starts to gall. Also, the fact that Rushdie is a kind of geographic chameleon (in that, Rushdie's books are always about cities - cities are always the most important characters in his novels - Bombay, London - Rushdie is like Joyce and Dickens in that sense - the city is all) gets to be too much.  Residing in New York brings out the Philip Roth in Rushdie.  It is all very well Philip Roth being Philip Roth.  It does not ring true when Rushdie starts in on the fraternity of academia residing in New York.  The tone is all wrong.The more you think about it, the less enjoyable &quot;Fury&quot; becomes (which is odd, considering that, in the past, one of the great joys of Rushdie's novels were that they improved the more you thought about them).  What you have is part of an ongoing episode.  Except, where life continues, books end.  This means that Rushdie has to end the novel.  Only there is not a logical end to a book about the internal life of a professor (at least not here).So what you get is &quot;Police Academy.&quot;You remember the &quot;Police Academy&quot; films, right?  A bunch of characters, each with their amusing quirks, are paraded for about an hour.  At which point, (whoever is responsible) realises that the bunch of characters with amusing quirks have to DO something to bring everything to a close.  Hence, a clumsy device (a riot, a jailbreak, whatever) is crowbarred into the film, allowing each of the quirky characters to shine and ending everything if not neatly then - at least it is over.  The exact same thing applies here.  Having resided within the mind of an intellectual for 233 pages, we suddenly find ourselves among terrorists in a war zone.  Oh-kay.Oh-kay.It's a real dead piano key, and the more you think about it the worse it gets.
At first, I was happy to here John Grisham trying his hand at something besides legal matters. But after reading this book, all I can say is I hope John gets back to what he knows best! I think John really missed a good chance to have a great book. It could have been great. I get the feeling he got in a hurry and ended the story without all the subplots coming to some great climax.I am sorry, but the story kept developing and developing, then nothing happened. All the different plots and story lines just drifted off into the wild blue yonder! After getting to the end, one is left with the question,,,,what happened???????I feel this is one book that would make a good move. As a book, I was very disappointed. Although, it was not as bad as the last book, &quot;The Brethren&quot;!!!!!!
After &quot;Red Dragon&quot; and &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; I was anxiously awaiting &quot;Hannibal.&quot;  Boy, was I disappointed in Thomas Harris' latest effort.  His new book is over-the-top, pretentious dross.  Mason Verger is a surviving victim of Lecter who is hideously scarred and  paralyzed from the encounter.  He spends his life hooked up to a respirator  in the family mansion (Muskrat Farm) dreaming of extracting revenge against  Lecter by having him captured then eaten alive by large, vicious,  selectively-bred swine.  This is just plain STUPID.  Why does Harris feel  the need to include a day care center for welfare kids in this mansion  where Verger watches the kids play via video camera?  Another ridiculous  character is Rinaldo Pazzi.  Pazzi is the Chief Inspector of Police in  Florance, Italy on the trail of Lecter.  He apparently is capable of  instantaneously solving crmes by his super-human sense of hearing and  smell.  What?  The over-the-top characterizations continue as Lecter now  seems to be the smartest man alive.  Lecter also becomes this  sympathy-seeking victim who ends up revealing details of his past like a  guest on a really bad episode of &quot;Donahue.&quot;  Toward the end of  the book I found myself not even caring how it was going to end. I was  hoping that somehow the killer swine would consume all involved.  Perhaps  Mr. Harris should stay in seclusion or gone on to different subject matter.
with the reviewer that mentioned the fact that this book is filled with an unbelievable amount of nonsense. If you were to take the good parts of this primer and remove all the other tree pulp waste, it would be a 30-35 page book. The parts that are informative are so, but fall short in depth and sometimes the author just goes on another of his drivel rampages in media res and confuses the bjeezus out of the reader.One of those computer books that makes you be glad there are lenient return policies for books.
This is by no means intended to slight Buxton's brilliance, his research, or his efforts, but merely to warn readers that this book relies heavily on decades-old examples of prototyping that have long ago been made irrelevant by modern software and tools. (The advent of 3D printing alone renders many of these examples useless.) There is still some good advice on how to perceive or approach the effort of prototyping, but information of the same quality can be found across the web without having to slog through a fairly dense recounting of old anecdotes. As a usability professional and UX practitioner, I respect Buxton very much, but I cannot recommend this book as essential reading. (Note: this is in reference to the 2007 edition.)
If you're a techno-geek, then I'm sure you'll wet yourself reading through this book.  However, I don't have a geeky interest in this stuff, but needed the knowledge to get A+ certified, to keep my job.  Despite the enormity of this book, it is greatly useful for achieving certifications in this field.
This is a collection of essays previously published in newspapers and magazines around the nation where some 10 years ago we could witness Lewis' early literary attempts.  Although Lewis is a witty, scrutinizing, insightful, and overall entertaining writer, I think this book is highly overpriced. Most of the topics in this book cover financial/business culture issues that date back during the late eighties, so there's also a bit of historical perspective to it, when LBOs were a la mode, Donald Trump was making headlines, and Japan was considered a threat to the US economy and welfare...crazy thought.  Go for Liar's Poker if you want to read Michael Lewis, that script is a jewel.
This book is poorly written and difficult to follow.  A much better, and more up-to-date, book is "Quantitative Equity Portfolio Management: Modern Techniques and Applications" published in 2007.  That new book goes well on its own or with the Grinold/Kahn classic.
I started reading this book about six months ago.  I got about halfway though and then I stopped.  I kept thinking I would go back and finish it.  But, alas, I am sure I never will.  I just can't get back into it.O.K.  I understand.  Published in 1945, this is a classic.  Set in the 1930s in an area of San Francisco called Cannery Row, it's supposed to depict the lives of some real people and a way of life that is no more.  This is where the sardine canneries are.  And this is where a bunch of enterprising "hobos" live in a makeshift building where their big joy in life is drinking a lot of alcohol.  They are drunk all the time or trying to get drunk.  Sometimes they go into the countryside and bring back frogs for a doctor who is doing medical experiments, but mostly all they can think of is where the next drink is coming from.I just didn't like the characters.  They seemed like they came straight out of a comic strip.  Perhaps the book has some literary or historical value.  But I couldn't find it.  And that's why I'm not planning on finishing it.
As you probably know if you're reading this, if you search for anything "McKinsey" or "consulting" this book is often at the top of your search results, and as you also probably know if you've been looking for a good book on McKinsey, nothing else promises what this provocative title does. I read the reviews and I thought I knew what to expect. Many people said the book was filled with generalities and wasn't useful to anyone with graduate or real world business experience. I took that into consideration but being a 2nd year undergrad I thought I should find at least a few enlightening ideas. Some people even recommend it as useful for the "16-21" crowd, but I would charge even for the average achiever in college the book falls short of expectations and is not worth owning. I'd recommend skimming a borrowed copy though, just to satisfy your temptation for a glimpse at the "McKinsey Way".
Early on Jack Ablin writes: "Like all the best investment strategies, it has now become straightforward enough that I felt I could write this book; that I could spell out to you, the reader, how you can apply it to your own portfolios........ any investor inclined to do it himself can use the same investment process that i do sitting in my office in Chicago as a professional money manager" (page 5). That sounds good and was what I was hoping for. However, there is nothing straightforward about Jack's insights into "Reading Minds and Markets".Ablin spends the first 6 chapters explaining how complex the markets are and describes a myriad of ways he has made mistakes over the years in trying to devise systems and rational for investing client's money. While well enough written, these chapters do nothing to build confidence in an average investor and it doesn't help me manage my portfolio at all.The following five chapters describe the "factors" of Jack's investing "methodology"(momentum, the economy, liquidity, psychology, and fundamentals). Unfortunately, these chapters also include constant explanations, analogies, and stories of how the "factors" are incredibly complicated and difficult to understand or trust. Ultimately Ablin expects the reader to take in to account a myriad of indicators and facts for each "factor" and then decide what they mean in relation to each other - while understanding that you will never have enough information.The last chapter, Putting It Together, begins: "By this point, your head is probably spinning. You're thinking to yourself, what is this guy talking about?" TRUE, but it's really not good to be starting the last chapter and wondering what he's talking about. Alas, the last chapter doesn't put anything together.While experienced investors with good understanding of economics may find interesting reading and some useful insights, I don't see anyone being able to make direct use of the information in this book to manage their own portfolio. The book's ideas are too complex in parts, too vague or incomplete in parts, and overall there is too little substance to put to use. Even if I could digest this book well enough to use the "methodology" (as it is) for my investing, I think it would end up a full time job just analyzing the "five factors" and I'd always be behind the curve on making good buy and sell decisions.
So The Recognitions is a hugely important novel. With it's satirical bouncing around and overwrought, dense writing style, it pointed the way forward for a lot of maximalist/hysterial realistic fiction that's been written in the last 50 years. Reading the book, I couldn't help but see the future literary DNA for writers like Thomas Pynchon, Don Delillo, David Foster Wallace, Donald Barthelme, Jonathan Franzen, even writers from more distant cultural milieus like  Umberto Eco and Salman Rushdie at times. I'm dropping those names because I think in one form or another, Gaddis's work helped make their books possible, and that makes this an extremely important book from the standpoint of modern american literary history.That being said, I really REALLY disliked The Recognitions. I usually love reading giant, dense mega novels (many of which owe more than a passing nod to this book) I think it's an amazing privilege being able to swim around in someones imagination when they give it free reign over hundreds of pages. But this book, from it's characters to its narrative, has to be one of the most irritatingly opaque, lethargic things I've ever read. Wyatt Gwyon might be an amazing main character, I wouldn't know because he's barely identified and when he does bother to show up, his doubts, while certainly pervasive enough to feel vital, are also so deep seated, so glancingly hinted at, and so bogged down by Gaddis's cripplingly overwrought religious imagery and references (most theology Phd's would probably scratch their heads at some of the bizarrely primeval catholic/protestant thinking he gleefully references throughout the book) that I really didn't care what happened to him or any of the other weird voices (I wouldn't call them full blown characters) in his orbit.If the book feels like a static, occasionally portentous mess, that's probably because it looks both backwards and forwards without really lurching in either direction. Gaddis takes the over-educated, intellectual show-offiness of the high modernists, and tries to push it into a place where it can speak to the newly strange mess that was post war America. He tried to remake an incredibly dense, at times willfully difficult way of writing speak to an even more dense, difficult, time period, in which the rise of mass consumer culture was coming into full bloom. That's a task that is basically bound to be a huge mess, even if it did help open a huge new realm to his contemporaries. Ultimately, I think the Recognitions is a major, important novel not so much in and of itself, but because of the fresh stylistic and thematic directions it helped open up to future writers, even if it does little more than vaguely point at what they might be while languishing in it's own mind choking erudition. The Recognitions is, I think, more important because of what it lead to than because of what it is on its own. It certainly helped fill in a large gap of my own understanding about the modern American literary tradition, if that's knowledge you crave, then go for it.
I hate this book. There is absolutely no point. It is so monotonous and tedious I'm about to pull my hair out. Luckily, I only have about 40 more pages to go. If I wasn't so OCD about finishing books, I would've chucked this one a looooong time ago. I seriously don't get what all the hype is about with this book. Just because it was controversial (ie. language, loose sexual references) in 1945?!?! I pity any child that had to read this in school, thank goodness I didn't or I would've flunked. We read real literature like "Where the Red Fern Grows," "Of Mice and Men, " "To Kill a Mockingbird," etc. I'm appreciating my English teacher's judgement . Booooooo to this book!!!!
there are several problems with using this book as self-study material:1) it is dated - though published in 1989, and by definition out of date in 2010, the first 11 chapters list many techniques that even in that period are condsidered to be of historical interest in the computer age - interpolation, collocation operators etc2) there is not a single worked example3) the solved problems make several leaps of logic - I wouldnt have got anywhere without referencing Wikipedia, Cliffs briefs on differential equations, Schuams advanced calculus etc.4) sometimes new formulas are actually introduced in worked problems - eg Everet's formula5) problems are not self contained - referencing other chapters, other problems and sometimes other problems in other chapters.In short, this book was a struggle, and although it will give you conceptualization of different techniques, it will not give you a modern or holistic perspective on the field.
This book was recommended to me by numerous people on an AOL book message board. They all pronounced it "fantastic"!  Is it because I really don't understand time travel? Or was it because I couldn't sit down and read it all at one sitting? Maybe it would've made more sense then. But the constant going back and forth between time periods and a character talking to themselves in a different time just didn't make sense to me.  And I didn't think the "romance" that it was sort of wrapped around was anything to write home to mom about either.  Maybe I just don't "get" time travel.  I think I'll stick with Jodi Picoult!
This is a required text for a course in Multicultural Education. I find it to be full of stereotypes and not very informative.
I got many of the "Practice Makes Perfect" books to learn Spanish and have been stumbling along without much confidence.  I find the whole series to be too difficult for a novice, which is what I am.  I haven't touched them for months because I'm so intimidated by them.  I do intend to go back to them, but I need more of a foundation in order to learn, which is what I thought this would help me do - WRONG!!  This is definitely not for beginners.
This is my least favorite of the four Goodman novels I have read. It's not terrible, but it's not very good. Goodman starts powerfully, with a mother telling a fairy tale to her daughter, and that story becomes the key to deciphering the mysteries of the mother's life twenty-five years after her death. Goodman's typical strengths show up in the rest of the book: frequent references to appropriate myths and folklore, a dynamic interplay between the past and the present, a decent showdown when the villain is revealed, a rich setting (this time, a hotel in the Catskills with elaborate gazebos throughout the grounds)...But the story doesn't work this time. The pace is slow, as the mystery isn't really fleshed out for the first hundred pages or so, and then Iris can't seem to be bothered with moving the plot forward as she goes about her day job, so aside from a few tense scenes, the book consists largely of the reader waiting for something to happen. The protagonist, while she draws sympathy in her search for her mother, is rather pathetic. She lacks confidence when she makes choices as a teacher and a girlfriend and a hotel manager and an author, but when she embarks on an affair with one of her employees, she shows absolutely no real remorse for either her romantic partner of ten years or her position in the business. She also makes a number of stupid choices that serve to increase tension (seriously? She waits months to start doing a little investigation, and then instead of just asking to see a particular item that is in her boss's locked closet, she waits until the worst possible time to just break in and steal it? I kept muttering "You are stupid" at the book while I read.)Also, while some of the names were whimsical, there wasn't a payoff (a character named PHOEbe NIX should metaphorically rise from the ashes, especially when her mother's name is VEra NIX - it's like Chekhov's mythological reference). The story uses fairy tales to enrich the particular characters, but they don't serve the story itself well, and I think Goodman is talented enough to deliver better.Carol Goodman fans will probably forgive her for this disappointing tale, but I would hate to see this serving as someone's introduction to an otherwise talented novelist.
J. L. Mackie, Ethics: Inventing Right and Wrong, Penguin 1977.Some thinkers hold that moral principles can be deduced from reason and introspection, while others hold that moral principles can be deduced from a careful examination of the varieties of human behavior observed across space and through time. The first might be called "objectivists" because moral principles, like mathematical principles, for these thinkers, are "out there" to be discovered. The second, by contrast, might be called "behaviorists" because they consider moral truths to be discovered in about the same way as we discover linguistic regularities: by observing how and when groups taken certain moral principles to be true, and by analyzing the commonalities and differences in the conception of morality in different societies. They may also be termed "evolutionary" because they invariably explain the commonalities and differences in moral principles in terms of the gene-culture coevolutionary process that lies at the basis of our development as a species.There is no doubt in my mind but that the objectivists in the above sense are profoundly misled and misleading, and the behaviorists approach the study of morality correctly. In my view it is obvious that ethics should be studied scientifically, and those who propose to justify moral principles through Introspection or Reason are on the wrong track. Because most moral philosophers resoundingly reject my behaviorist/evolutionary position (the recently deceased Philippa Foote and the American David Chan being significant exceptions), I have been looking around for a philosophical critique of ethical objectivism. J. L. Mackie's well known book came to mind.It is clear from the subtitle of this book that Mackie is not a behaviorist/evolutionary moralist. Indeed, the behavioral/evolutionary moralists are generally deeply critical of the notion that all moralities are possible and we can simply "invent" and socially instantiate the one that we prefer, as propounded by what John Tooby and Lida Cosmides have termed the "Standard Social Sciences Model." However, I thought he might have developed a cogent critique of objectivism even if his alternative is not acceptable. I was wrong. Mackie's arguments are, to my mind, extremely weak and not at all persuasive.Mackie begins by defining ethics as "objective" if values are "part of the fabric of the world."  But, both objectivists and behavioral/evolutionary moralists, in the sense defined above, believe that values are part of the fabric of the world, differing only on how we are to discover moral rules and their relation to empirical social practices. My objectivists care no more about what people say about ethics than a physicist cares about what people say about gravity. The physicist's skill and training trump anything folk-physics has to say about the subject. Behavioral/evolutionary ethicists, by contrast, value objectivist philosophical reasoning only when it gives insight into regularities concerning human moral principles and behavior.Mackie's critique of objectivism, which he considers to be a critique of a moral skepticism sort, is based on two arguments. The first is the "relativist" argument that because people can vehemently and permanently disagree about the content of morality, and because there is not objective process of adjudicating disagreements of this sort, it is unlikely that morality is "part of the fabric" of the world. This argument, to my mind, has no weight at all. Language, for instance, is surely an objective part of human experience, but there are many highly distinct languages and linguistic structures.The second of Mackie's critiques of objectivism is "the argument from queerness." He says that if morals are objective, then our way of knowing morals is different from that of knowing any other aspect of the fabric of the world (p. 38). But this is false. There are a hundred books on morality from the standpoint of traditional science, including arguments about the development of moral principle in species through Darwinian evolution.So, my search for a philosophical critique of objectivist ethical theory goes on. Perhaps I should read the critiques of Foote and Chan to uncover the philosophical bases of objectivist ethics. Well, that should give me something to do on days that the Boston Celtics aren't playing.
Okay. Anyone who knows me quite well knows that I LOVE James Patterson. And since I am currently Valentine-less, I thought &#8220;Blood and gore as opposed to love and romance on V-day? Sure, why not?&#8221;I wanted to like this book. I really did. It was rather short, yes, but it was supposed to be. It is a Quick Reads book. But it&#8217;s length, or lack thereof, is not what made me dislike this book.The title of this book is BLOODY VALENTINE. So, YES I expected it to be gruesome and gory. And I was ok with that. What I didn&#8217;t like was that the victim was a pregnant lady. Cause of death: Her heart was cut out of her chest. WHILE SHE WAS STILL ALIVE. Then the psycho mails her heart to her husband in a box. Yeah. I just could not make myself be ok with that. Maybe it was my hormones, I don&#8217;t know. But I just couldn&#8217;t bring myself to like it.I gave this book 2 stars. I gave it 2 because it was free, it was a quick, easy read and because it was written by James Patterson. I tried to find a reason to give it 3 stars, but I came up with nothing.
I read the other reviews praising this book and have to assume that I was not in the right space to appreciate this book when I read it. This was the most boring piece of literature ever written. I know it was a period piece/coming of age story etc., but pages upon pages of people picking cotton, talking about cotton, and talking about picking cotton...zzzzzz....it took me forever to finish because I kept passing out and having nightmares of- yep, cotton.
Mark Twain did this much better in A CONNECTICUT YANKEE IN KING ARTHUR'S COURT (itself derivative).  It would seem that it is a great advantage to believe that literature must stand on its own merit, not on a future movie rendering.  Alright, alright, Crichton is no Twain, but still I can see no excuse for issuing this shameless screenplay as a novel.  I look for TIMELINE to appear on the Sci Fi Channel or perhaps HBO rather than as a major motion picture.  But what do I know - no doubt Crichton made a bundle on the awful CONGO.
This book is neither an autobiography nor a systematic insight on computer industry. Instead, it is a sales pitch for the Microsoft's new business initiative on "information superhighway", which in others words -- the Internet. Consider the miserable performance of Microsoft today in the Internet domain more than 10 years after this book was published, this books feels like a joke, full of wishful thinking.What really bothers me is Gates' rambling on many random topics throughout this book. From politics to world hunger, the author does not have any new insight to offer to the reader, and simply repeats the general view of news agency. It reveals the shallowness of Bill Gates. Perhaps Bill Gates is a super-smart businessman, but he is such a lazy thinker.Do not expect to learn anything new from this book. This is nothing mentioned in this book that is not mentioned somewhere else.
I thought, I was something like a loyal Outlander fan, but the Fiery Cross dampened my enthusiasm quite dramatically.In general the idea to continue the saga in the new world was very promising and the prequel to this book was a good mix of action, suspense and early settler scenery. A tough highlander like Jamie in this environment creates a lot of room for fun and suspense, but none of that. This book deteriorated into a compilation of female small talk about smelly diapers, breast feeding of babies, endless and boring household chores and more of similar stuff. The story meanders aimlessly around and tries to describe the environment, which gave birth to the independency movement, but there is very little, which really gets your full attentionRaising children in the early days of the new world was a challenge, but there must have been more than diapers to talk about.I hope the sequel gets back to the quality of the first books.
Tons of filler in this book.Snicket brings back most of the characters for a courtroom showdown which means he takes every opportunity to use the following format:"It's a bird!""It's a plane!""It's a hook!""It's a book!""It's a rail!""It's a tail!"and on and on.And also to spend whole paragraphs hashing over what everyone is doing, e.g.:X was stumbling around and ran into Y who was hanging onto Z and they bumped into A who was still wearing the necklace she stole from B who was in the next room with C trying to blah blah blah...Snicket can get more than an entire page worth of that stuff.No good descriptions or plot developments, just list after list after list.He does try to inject a subtext commenting on moral ambiguity but all that gets buried under the Snicket cliches of melodramatic crying kids (stop already!), wimpy adults who are too poorly written to be witty satires, idiotic evil villains and plot holes.The kids are clever one moment and complete dolts the next.Yup, by this point, I detest the characters and Snicket and this wretched story that never goes anywhere. The lit and linguistic winks don't even begin to compensate for the crappily crafted story.I find it insulting how Snicket manipulates his readers. It seems like the kids tearing up and crying is directly proportional to the increasing crappiness of the stories. Since we're less sympathetic towards the kids because they a.) fail to learn from previous mistakes, b.) fail to seize opportunities, c.) repeatedly fail to use the brains they are reputed to have (for all the inventing skills, reading and life experience, you'd think they'd have a lick of common sense), Snicket makes them turn on the waterworks.Disgusting.I haven't had to skip this many paragraphs and pages since The Notebook.
The good thing about this 1-star book is that it doesn't take long to read. I can't believe this was an Oprah book selection.Very average and the character development is below-average.  With the premise of a middle-aged woman facing divorce, the plot is just plain wacky!  Sam decides to bring in boarders and her first choice turns out perfect!  And King enters the scene as a grossly overweight moving man, whom we later learn is an astrophysicist with a degree from MIT, and who miraculously loses a bunch of weight just in time to hook up with Sam.  And of course we have to have the sullen slightly shocking college student boarder.  It's even a little dated with references to Walkmans, pre-prison Martha Stewart and Madonna.  This book was published in 2000, but I think she wrote most of it in the 80s.My biggest gripe is Berg's portrayal of her 11-year-old son Travis.  She seems to be completely off on what boys of that age are like and are into.  Berg gives him the standard "teenager" characteristics:  brooding, thumbing through pages of a girlie magazine, watching MTV.  Come on!  Fast-forward a few years maybe.  Then she describes his room with stuffed animals.Here's another thing.  What 3-week-old nursing baby stops nursing to turn and smile at his mother?  No baby that age smiles or has anything on his mind except milk!
Pardon me, ladies, but this is a very much 'girlie' book, borrowing from the vocabulary of the venerable Governator. This I discovered with considerable disappointment. Just look at the 600 some reviews and the divide will become clear: women rave about it and men are disappointed. That's because it's romance and very little sci-fi. Yeah-yeah, it has time travel in it. But take time travel out of it and little will change. It has no plot either. Where is the build-up, where is the culmination? Where's the BIG IDEA?The writer is quite talented and did a good job at not confusing herself and keeping straight with all the time-related loopy-loops. But I can't say that I cared for the story. Techy 20-30 year-old males, you'll likely be disappointed.The writer is quite talanted and did a good job at not confusing herself and keeping straight with all the time-related loopy-loops. But I can't say that I cared for the story.  Tech-oriented 20-30 year-old males, you'll likely be disapointed.
This one is definitely for fans of the concept only. I slogged through the first 50% until I couldn't take any more. I didn't care about the characters nor the mystery.
I waited with eager anticipation the arrival of this book on the day of its release, like I've waited for no book previously.  I couldn't wait to dig in.  After reading Outlander, which could  arguably be the best book I've ever read (and I've read tons), then the other 3 which were great in their own right, I had expected nothing short of greatness from The Fiery Cross.  Boy, was I sorely disappointed.  Was there an editor reviewing this tomb? I really can't believe it was published. It took me 6 weeks to plow thru the 979 pages and until the end I was still waiting for a plot. It had a ton of mini subplots but put together all you get is day-to-day life on Fraser's Ridge.  Where's the adventure, the romance, the growth of characterization? I'm giving this 2 stars because it was good to be among the Fraser's &amp; MacKenzie's again, and because Diana is still a creative writer.
Unable to zoom in to see the smaller print items. Several graphs and algorithms that are broken over 2-3 pages, unable to scroll through the pages.Maybe the paperback version will be better.
My initial reaction was to give this book a 1-star rating because a zero star is not an option.  This book is a compilation of about 1000 cliches and anecdotes, each expanded to a paragraph or a page, most being repeated over and over and over again throughout the first 9 chapters.  Lots of the cliches are overtly contradictory or extrapolated to levels of absurdity.  They intend to show how trend following is great and worthwhile because ..... see how many people have made billions at it.  I was already a believer in the general idea of trend following and did not need to be bludgeoned to death by the repetition..  You have to read over 200 pages of largely psychobabble before you get to the "meat" of the book, chapter 10.  That chapter is introduced by the last sentence in chapter 9:  "The following chapter looks at what makes a Trend Following trading system work."Well, finally!At best, chapter 10 is an overview of the "mindset", or bird's eye view (from 20,000 feet)  of a trend follower's approach.  If you're looking for any specificity, look elsewhere.  We are not naive enough to expect an actual formula for success, but this book falls well short of what I expected.  About half way through I thought I'd been punished to sit through a dozen back-to-back motivational seminars touting this sure fire method of success but having no new insight as to  how to translate this new found religion into practice.  Enough already.Is this book worthless?  Hmmm, no.  As I look at the book, I can count 8 sticky-tab highlighters extending past the page edges.  Each marks a small pearl, not of technique, but of manner of thought.  An example of such a pearl is ""There's a certain amount of hubris when you take a position so big you have to be right and so big you can't get out when you're wrong."  OK.  That's true and it speaks in a pithy way  to the larger more important issue of not tossing the ladder after you climb up on the roof, but is this book worth it for a few of those?  At 8-12 pearls per book, that averages out to be about 25 pages of reading per small pearl.  You'll have to decide for yourself if that's an efficient use of your time.This book might be worthwhile to the absolute conceptual beginner.  There are some descriptions of the proper frame of mind that an investor should have before committing to even limited risk.  Most people with any actual investment experience will have learned this already one way or the other.  But if you're just beginning...... beginning to just think about investing, this frame of mind expose could be helpful.  On a positive note, the author's writing style is quite good.  Each paragraph and many pages flow nicely in terms of sentence structure and style.  This book does not fail on that level.  Where it fails, is substantive content (lack of), specificity (none), and repetition (excessive).  You can purchase this book used for less than a dollar.  The hidden cost is the time to read it.  I consider it a poor purchase.
A repetious assembly of odd bits, anecdotes and recipes (a lot of recipes), some quite interesting , some not. Repetitious. Occasionally fatuous, occessionally fascinating, always repetitious. He repeats a lot. Says the same thing over and over. Talks about how to evaporate salt from sea water a lot. Repetitious. Very very very repetitous.
I needed to read this book in my college English class.  Needless to say, I found it very difficult to follow and did not enjoy it.  In order to write my papers, I had to use Sparknotes.  Even using this resource to understand the book was difficult.  The class wasn't engaged in class when we discussed this book because everyone was having trouble following it.  It was a very disappointing English class.
Comment on "My Life" by Clinton (2nd Volume)On the positive side, this is book is quite informative, especially about foreign affairs in Clinton years.  The descriptions on affairs in Ireland and Middle East are consistent, systematic and interesting.  The book also talked about efforts of containing terrorist groups, especially Bin Laden.  Unfortunately the accounts for North Korea were somewhat sketchy, especially about how North Korea broke the agreement and what was done about it.The book also offers a glimpse of the lives of the elites.  It's fascinating to imagine rubbing shoulders with the great minds of the world as daily business.I admire Clinton a lot for his success in life.  Coming from a humble background, it must have taken a tremendous effort and a lot of luck to reach what he has reached.  Unfortunately in the second volume, this side of the story was not told so much.Now, some negative comments.  In summary, I don't think Clinton has been honest about many issues around his presidency.  It is disappointing because I expected that as a retired president, his book would have some historical value.  Instead, the book is more like a campaign white paper.Clinton is a whiner about "conservative media", etc.  He portrayed himself as a nave victim of the media bias: a lot of good achievements went unreported.  All criticisms were fabrications or distortions.  He said many times "good work, bad publicity".  Well, this cannot be always true.  After all, the president commands certain resources in the media, such as press releases and the weekly radio reports.  Even if Clinton himself was novice about public relations, he had the whole Democratic Party machinery behind him.  Note that his senior advisor, George Stephanopoulos became an ABC political correspondence.  (Later he became the anchor person of ABC weekly news show "This Week".)  So the relationship between the Administration and the media could not be too bad.Clinton talked about his scandals, the Pola Jones case and the Whitewater as a complete setup against him and his wife.  According to him, all accusations were groundless, and all damaging investigations were improper or even illegal.  But he never talked about how he, and the Democratic Party, fought back or defend himself.  It sounded like he was a helpless, innocent victim of a long term, systematic smearing campaign operated by the Republicans.  Well, if this had been true, perhaps he would not be qualified as a capable President anyway.  If the President, who was an avid lawyer, can be abused like that, how do we common folks feel safe in this country, under his leadership?Another interesting thing is that when Clinton talked about decisions and rulings for the judges involved, any decisions in his favor proved his innocence.  Any decisions not in his favor proved that the whole charge was a right-wing scandal: even the judges were ultra-right and were abusing the law.When Clinton talked about the Monica Lewinsky story, he went beyond self-victimizing, to almost self-pity.  When describing the events, Clinton left out several important episodes of the story, such as when he said on TV "I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Ms Lewinsky." and the material evidence (the infamous "stained dress") that forced Clinton to finally admit the affair.  He also portrayed it as an isolated "laps" in his life, rather than a pattern of his behavior.  Well, now I can better understand why Star would make such painstaking efforts to give the details of the affairs, to show the nature of Clinton's behavior.  Clinton cleverly separated the Lewinsky issue in two parts.  The first is his infidelity.  He admitted that part.  However, it is something between two consenting adults, and is not against the law.  It's really as Clinton said and the time: "its between my family members and our God".  The second issue is his lying to the grand jury and the American public.  This he did not admit.  And this issue is actually what the impeachment was about.  So while forced to admit his "moral laps" (and touting his "come back"), Clinton still consider himself a victim of the "right wing Republicans".  Clinton also described in detail the support he got from everywhere: Republican congressmen who voted against the impeachment, scholars and past presidents who voiced opposition to the impeachment, ordinary citizens who wrote or called to support him, and foreign leaders who gave him warm welcomes during the crisis.  I am sure these were very touching to Clinton at the time.  However, that's just one side of the story.  There are also many who were outraged by his deceit and disloyalty.  In fact, even after the failed impeachment, many Democrat politicians (including, to some extend, Vice President Al Gore) distanced themselves from Clinton in the 2000 campaign.Clinton tried to put a humanity side to the stories in his book.  He referred to many foreign leaders and U. S. political figures as "friends".  However, he failed to really describe those people as human beings.  They still sounded like one-dimensional politicians.  His best narration of personalities was about Ron Brown, his secretary of commerce who was killed in a plane crash.  He made some moving comments about the man.  However, there were no facts or anecdotes to support it.  This is particularly interesting because, according to what CBS anchor person Bob Schieffer described, Clinton has the capability that "when he shakes hands with you, you would feel that you are the most important person in the whole world in his mind at that time".Clinton's account of his achievements sounds more like a campaign speech than an honest historical reflection.  For example, any legislations he managed to pass in Congress was an achievement, no matter how controversial it was, and what the result would be.  On the other hand, any legislation that failed was a victim of Republicans playing politics.  There was never anything wrong with the legislations or policies themselves.The only case Clinton analyzed in detail is the welfare reform bill.  He talked about the portions he supported and against.  And he commented on the positive outcome in his first term concerning welfare reform: welfare roll is reduced by 60%, etc.  When talking about posterior achievements, he said that welfare reform was a center piece in his 1992 campaign promise.  However, he did not mention that the bill was not passed during the first 2 years of his presidency and a Democratic Congress.  And he did not mention that welfare reform was also part of the "contract to America" from the Republicans and that particular bill represented the Republican's position.Clinton talked about deficit reduction and elimination over and over and over.  But he did not mention that the Republicans forced him to take a more aggressive goal and approach than his original plan, although he criticized a lot on the bills passed by the Republican Congress that reduced funding on some programs that he liked.The whole book is like a running diary, without a unifying thread.  For the few matters highlighted, most are foreign affairs (financial aid to Mexico, helping the Ireland peace process, involvement in Middle East peace negotiations).  I don't think many American people care too much about those events.Interesting excerpts:* When talking about their 20's wedding anniversary, "after so many years of ups and downs, we are still deeply engaged".  Note that he did not mention "love" here.  Somewhere else in the book, he said that Hilary was a tough woman, and "that's why I loved her so much".  Note the past tense.* He talked about a Navy admiral who committed suicide.  The cause was that he was accused of wearing some ribbons he did not earn.  Clinton said the critics were not fair, because it shouldn't be such a big deal for an otherwise outstanding person: "It's one thing if you are told you are not good at your job; it's another thing if you are told you are not a good person."  Apparently to Clinton, wearing an undeserved medal or ribbon is not a sign of "not a good person".* He mentioned one incident in his state of the union address: he brought forward a federal worker who saved a few co-workers during the Oklahoma bombing.  This won a worm applause and standing ovation from members of both parties.  Then he pointed out that the same worker also worked without pay during the Government shutdown, which was caused by the budget battle between the Congress and White House.  He said: "On behalf of the Mr. so and so, I ask you never to shut down the Government again!"  Clinton described the Republicans at this point as "fell into the trap".  He further relished the moment by talking about how they prepared the address and accounted for all the effects.  This, to me, sounds like a cheap shot, and an insult to the hero he brought to the event by using him for political gain.* When talking about the Democrat illegal contribution scandal of 1996, Clinton said that his campaign always held a high standard regarding contributions, and he was "angry" with the DNC over the "oversight".  Wasn't he the leader of the Democratic Party as a sitting President?* When talking about her daughter going to Stanford, Clinton said that "because of her excellent grade and test scores", she was accepted into all the colleges she applied for.  That sounds like "there is no 300 oz of sliver buried here".* Referring to George Stephanopoulos' memoir "All Too Human", Clinton said "I had no idea how hard he was on himself, and on me."  I don't quite know what it means.  Clinton made this remark when talking about the stressful jobs for the White House staff.  But this sounds like a response to Stephanopoulos' criticism to the President.
When I order this book I hope a very good Bond book with great pictures. But it was very disappointing. The all black and white pictures look old and some have bad quality. You may think that of course a picture form the movie Goldfinger must look old because it's a movie from the early sixties but, you know what I mean. I have seen pictures from Thunderball and other movies in full color and look spectacular but not in this book. And much of the info seems like "I don't care at all about this fact" Anyway, if you are a very big Bond fan, you should try this one, but if you don't, forget it immediately.
Having read happily through Henning Mankell's previous books, I was thoroughly disappointed, even irritated, by "The Man From Beijing."  This book has harnessed plot in the service of political diatribe--the digressions are much more substantial than the actual story.  Most of the political lecture is pretty boring and, what's worse, much of it is hard to swallow.  This is true in particular of the pages of praise for Robert Mugabe.  Who is Mr. Mankell kidding?  It's hard to know whether anything in this book, even descriptions of the Swedish court system, are remotely realistic.  Political prejudice lurks behind every word when it's not right out in the open.I am sorry I bought this book, sorrier that I read it, and very unlikely to read another of his books.
I have read many of Karin Slaughter's novels which weave intricate plots and flawed but sympathetic major characters. But her killers have become more and more sadistic and gruesome and less enjoyable to read. Her faithful readers may want to know more about Sarah and Will and Faith but please weave them into more challenging and less horrific stories.
I believe John Grisham's main goal was to increase awareness in readers about homelesness in this novel so he just made a lame plot as the basis for this goal. First of all the level of the plot about Micheal stealing the file seemed to be just added for more action. If he didn't get in a car wreck his whole legal situation would not have existed. PLus the file was not really that necessary to the lawsuit to begin with.
I bought this for my daughter to keep on her skills over the summer, but there is no answer key nor is one available anywhere.  It's been many years since I've worked algebra problems so there is no way to check if she's solved the problems correctly.  This was a waste of money!
but not this one!  So poorly written, with errors of every sort, it screams for a trash can.  I had to force myself to read the prologue and then flipped through some other parts of the book to see if anything changed - it didn't.
This book was not what I was looking for. Morris mostly just goes through different general categories of gestures without going into much detail on what a specific gesture means and the gestures he does explain are obvious ones. There were maybe 3 pieces of information I took down that I did not know before and were useful. Joe Navarro's work on body language signals is much better and are tremendous reads. I have always walked away with a lot more new information after reading Navarro's books and have always been satisfied with my purchase. This book by Morris is a slow read lacking in any applicable discoveries you may be looking for.
There  is a lot of white on the pages. I am a fan of Katie Fforde but this one disappointed me.
Why oh why didn't I realize that the notes that you put in a kindle copy of a book would not be visible and so the whole point of a workbook  - filling in the blanks - is completely unworkable?And if you are at a question at the bottom of the page the keyboard pops up and obscures the question.So now I will need to get a notebook out to carry with me and fill in the answers as well as any notes.The books themselves are fine, but this format isn't ok, unless you want to write on a piece of paper or are amazingly able to remember what you wrote when you check your answers.
This is a waste book that makes you go to sleep in 2 minutes.  the content is poorly organized, the authors don't seem to have any knowledge of the topics covered for the exam.  This book totally is a waste of your time, money and energy.
This is the history of the war as a conservative military historian would like it to be. It's not just the obvious ideology of Keegan's that is irritating. There are plenty of  real factual errors. I've never heared of anyone claiming the Falaise pocket to be the largest tank battle of the war. Atrocious. It seems like he did not even research properly for his book and relied on someone else's ideas.
I had high hopes for this book but found myself unable to take much of it seriously after investigating the (scanty) sources sited for its claims. I was writing a talk on the Emerald Tablet for an academic conference and found "The Emerald Tablet: Alchemy of Personal Transformation" at the local Goodwill and decided to grab it. Unfortunately I found it hard to take Dennis's work seriously after the first 60 pages or so. Dennis had a propensity for confusing the historical sources with the various myths of its discovery and synthesizing them into a single story which he surreptitiously strung together into an admittedly entertaining tale which had no overt value in its finished form.The various tales which he made his version out of had interesting historical value when taken in their original context but in the end it was little more than an entertaining story.One example of the value of the original texts was the tale of Balinus dreaming of a teacher that ended up being his perfect nature telling him to put his torch in a glass jar to protect the flame from mysterious winds in the cavern he is trying to descend into (and where the legend had it that he found the Emerald Tablet). Almost the exact same story elements are used in the same context in the (in)famous Arabic grimoire "Picatrix" (book 1 chapter 5 I believe) only with the character in question being Hermes the Thrice Greatest himself. I was almost unable to use this example of the development of origin stories with hidden symbolic meanings in esoteric circles in the middle east.Luckily most of the difficulties were sorted out by reading Antoine Favre's "Eternal Hermes" which had the only translation of the tale from Arabic into English I've been able to find.After reading this (which he put forth as a literal history of what happened) and his mental journeys to follow Balinus into the cavern and link it to Alchemy I had to shelve the book and move onto more worthwhile endeavors.What I've read of his book seems to be problematic because it is a mix of real alchemical lore mixed indiscriminately with his own wild leaps of logic and no where does he stop to say what he is extrapolating, inventing or what is from a classical source. The problem in my mind is that a neophyte might find it difficult to sift through what is from a classical alchemical source as opposed to personally invented practices. Unfortunately it is necessary to already know such material in order for one to do so in the first place and so it is then unfortunately out of reach of the neophyte and useless to the knowledgeable esoteric student since he or she already knows the important information (without the confused package).There are better places to start with Alchemy and the Emerald Tablet, ironically one of those places is Dennis Hauk's "Complete Idiot's Guide to Alchemy" which I like quite a bit more than this book (but only if you are looking for a purely mental path of alchemy which many authors will tell you never existed before this "new age").Also of greater value is Mark Stavish's "Path of Alchemy". Also there are the correspondence courses of Jean Duboise on spagyria and mineral alchemy which can be obtained by Triad Publishing. You can also check my reviews, I've recommended a few great pieces that have been fantastically useful in gaining enough understanding to be ready to start building a lab.
What a letdown. This is my first novel by Murakami, and the reviews had me full of anticipation. The first few chapters showed an easy flowing style that kept up a good pace, even as they carried plenty of insight.But I agree with the other reviewers here who simply disliked the narrator and main character Hajime. He pouts half of his life, until he finally gets married. (Who would want him?) He then claims to love his wife and kids and his new job, but he has a very selfish streak that keeps him living in the past. His wife's (Yukiko) weak character development is deliberate, I'm sure, but I would have liked to see more of it...her father gets more than she does.So then Hajime supposedly runs into the love of selfish little life, the beautiful Shimamoto. She returns to him out of nowhere, refuses to talk about her life, and he is so smitten he obeys.  One thing follows another, her mystery entices him, then in the end -  SPOILER ALERT! - she disappears forever. Along with other circumstances, we are left wondering if he didnt imagine the whole affair.  Well, so where does that leave us poor readers, holding the bag, I guess.  Did this really happen, and do we really care? In fact it's hard to care about any of these characters, they have so little credibility.So I'll give SOTBWOTS 2 stars. Pluses for the quality of writing, minuses for the trite characters and the expedient, somewhat stupid climax.
Timothy, now Bishop Ware, has some errors in this narrative:  namely that the Eastern Orthodox Church does not have a purgatory.  We most certainly do, in the idea of the 'Bosom of Abraham' from the gospel of Luke, where the righteous are separated out from the wicked (in the advent of the WTC massacre we prayed today on Rememberance Friday for those dead to be safe 'in the Bosom of Abraham').In this same section, he says we do not allow a working off of evil deeds in (this non-existent) purgatory; again this is wrong, we do have the notion of penintential work for the evil but whether this does any good at the Final Judgement of the Second Coming we do not speculate.This is the largest of several errors that mar this book; otherwise it is largely well done but unfortunately not a very inspired text; I think it needs a revision &amp; could only recommend it with reservations because they unknowing may think that this book is an accurate portrayal of the Eastern Orthodox faith.
"Oh bugger oh merde knickers the Sex God just walked past knickers my parents are hopeless knickers my life is ruined knickers I treat my friends like crap knickers if I don't have a boyfriend my life is unliveable knickers nobody understands me knickers knickers knickers knickers knickers knickers knickers."Didn't think Bridget Jones was funny; don't think this is funny. The same gags over and over, and Georgia is a brat. Not that I expected a rocket surgeon; after all, 14 y/o girls *are* characteristically boy-crazy, vain and silly, but that's *all* there is to this! And Ms. Rennison: I get it already. Underwear is funny (or at least you think it is). You don't have to use the word "knickers" every other paragraph!
First let me say I'm a Steinbeck fan.  I love the majority of his work.Also, I'm writing this review before I do research on this book.  I have just finished reading it, so my opinion is fresh and mine only.  It has not been influenced by what others think.  I do plan on reading a great many summaries and opinions from great thinkers to try and find out why people generally think this is such a great book.I like Steinbecks ability to demonstrate the human spirit in this book.  What I do not like about this book is that it starts off with bad things happening to folks and it just goes downhill for these folks all the way, getting worse off the whole time, till the end when they are as bad off as they can get.  People dying left & right, thrown in jail, everyone who already lives in California are mean, pregnant woman can't get enough food, kids starve, no more work for three months, river floods, baby dies, etc.  This is the most depressing book I think I've ever read.  And where is the plot?  There isn't one.  This book could have been written in one chapter, but John drags us through this misery over and over again, round and round.  This book is a statement, that's for sure.  Maybe everyone thinks it's so great because it is a great statement.  I do believe that later in John's life he regretted writing this book, or at least wished that he had written it differently.  I have read online that this book is still banned in certain places of this country.  That is wrong.  I don't feel that way.  I don't like the book, but I think anyone that wants to read it should be able to read it (I warn you it's depressing and a waste of time!) It's not the politics of this book that I don't like. To me, there were no surprises.  None.  Not like "Of Mice And Men" or "East Of Eden" or other fine books I've read by Steinbeck.  Still, if your a Steinbeck fan, you must read this book.  If you've read his bio you must read "Grapes Of Wrath" to understand why Californians hated him so much.  In a way I feel I have to apologize for not liking this book.  One friend of mine who is an avid reader told me he didn't really care for Steinbeck novels, but he loved "Grapes Of Wrath".  Go figure.
There are some good principles in the book, but its way to easy to get lost in all of the repetition and blandness. The section on fibonocci retracements was useful and seems to work well for me in practice; however, I didn't get much else from the book.
This was a puzzling, somewhat frightening story.  I didn't enjoy reading it, but I had to see what happened in the end.  Quite well written, but I got annoyed with all the descriptions--just tell the story!
Bought a used book but didn't know it was that bad. Would have gotten it if I got it cheaper, the price was too mch for the worth of the condition it was in, thanks anyway..
First, the printing layout looks like something from the 1970's.  No color, no illustration, no pictures, no diagrams, no digital online tie-in.  It's like the authors/publishers hasn't taken a look at today's text books in 20 yrs.  Not really up to the standard of today's text books.  Examples are very few and are not explained in detail.  I've looked at several database books, but bought this one to supplement Stanford's online course.  It's not a good text book. Difficult to read, difficult to learn from, few examples, few real-world business cases....add to that the fact that it's not a very captivating design and layout -- makes the entire thing difficult to read and study from.  Try another book.  There are better choices.
Only in England can being (or becoming) a Catholic seem so romantically rebellious.  This religious tract masquerading as a novel is one of the most implausibly plotted novels one is likely to find from this distinguished author.  As a serial adulterer himself, Greene knew this particular subject better than theology.  It is similar to 'The Heart of the Matter' in that the development makes no sense whatsoever.  Not all of Greene manifests such confused thinking, and this book does have one redeeming quality:  it is mercifully short.
I spent much of yesterday afternoon in an airport bookshop reading through Mr. Clinton's massive, choppy, not-too-well written self-serving memoir.Almost everything was a paean to what Bill "accomplished"  and even in the substantive areas, the former President had a nasty habit of jumping back and forth on events and personalities without clarification. For example, he cites Colin Powell's retirement from the Army halfway through the book, but several pages later recites an episode concerning Bosnia where then General Powell was a participant.Mr. Clinton also disparages or ignores those who opposed him. While one might dismiss a Paula Jones or a Kathleen Wiley, the fact remains that his behavior towards them helped paved the road to impeachment just as much as the affair with Monica Lewinsky did. Dick Morris is also convienently ignored, even though Mr. Morris helped craft and shape Clinton's image of being  a "moderate" or centrist democrat.Oh yes, Bill seems to imply that prejudice towards non-whites was  the key factor in the rejection of Bill Lann Lee as Assistant Attorney General. Not the fact that Bill Lann Lee defended radical thugs who had murdered innocent people.And get those buckets out. Bill practically sobs over Arafat's  rejection of peace in favor of murder and mayhem. The 9 White House visits and feasts bestowed on this terrorist couldn't even  push him to make peace. Nor Clinton and Carville's mechanics in undermining Bibi Netanyahu in favor of the more pliant and naive Ehud Barak who was willing to give up the Israeli store to make peace - a peace Arafat had no intention of making nor keeping.Nowhere is mentioning, except in passing, the day-to-day goings-on and policymaking that past Presidential Memoirs have discussed. For all of the anti-intellectual commentary made about the memoirs of President Reagan or President Nixon, both books were far better written, and even controversal issues were  dealt with far more honestly than the Clinton book. The memoirs of both Presidents Reagan and Nixon were readable, whereas Mr. Clinton's left much to be desired.Reagan's book was warm, engaging, and honest, even when he discussed Iran-Contra. Clinton's - hmmm. He doesn't even discuss the secret deals he approved smuggling arms from Iran into Croatia to use against the Bosnian Serbs, or the hundreds of Al Qaeda operatives that subsequently entered Bosnia thanks to this policy, along with a score of retired U.S. military officers, who, with the Clinton administration's covert blessing went to advise the Croats and their Holocaust denier President Tudjman in his campaign to ethnically cleanse Knin Province of Serbs.For a former President to write haughtingly and arrogantly about his impeachment (don't forget he did lie, folks, and character is all-important when you finger is near that proverbial button) and calling it a "badge of honor"...enough said. This book is barely worth the one star given.The memoirs by Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon, or U.S Grant's are far more honest, far more readable, and a much better gift to give someone than this "legend in my own mind"  ode to self-indulgence.
I am in nursing school and unfortunately haven't found these series of books to be particularly useful to me. Additionally, the font is small and does not really make me engaged with the material.
Sena Jeter Naslund's FOUR SPIRITS was very difficult to get into. I started it six times as it is a book club read. The story meanders all over the place and many times I found myself looking back through the pages to discover who was telling the story.This is a book I can not recommend unless you have a deep interest in the early civil rights movement.Nash Black, author or Indie finalists WRITING AS A SMALL BUSINESS and HAINTS.
This is a well researched and written book, so why the 2 stars?  Simply put this book is written by another white man who writes in a fashion that clearly shows his distaste for his own race and civilization, a trend that is all too common in this pathetic era of self-doubt and media induced frenzies of political correctness.Here are a few examples: when the Romans commit some form of atrocity such as the sacking of allied cities to Carthage it is described as blood lust and wickedness, whereas if it is done by the Carthaginians it was done out of tactical necessity and no malice was involved...give me a break.  The sacking of Roman cities described by the author's idol Hannibal, are always glossed over but the author never misses a chance to characterize Roman sackings as acts of folly and blood lust.  Not to mention that the author gleefully tries to remind everyone that the Romans used slaves while he never states the fact that the Carthaginians also used slaves as well.  The message is clear : white man bad...ethnic good.Furthermore during the first Punic War the Roman navy suffered greatly from storms that destroyed their fleet on several occasions.  This also happened to the Carthaginians during the Second War.  The author states that for the Carthaginians this was ill luck and unfortunate, but for the Romans he states that it was incompetence.  This is just one of the examples of double standards he applies to his much loved Carthaginians.  The author is clearly one who wants to break with the image that Romans were mighty warriors (after all they conquered a vast empire) and he wants to install a revisionist notion that the Romans were in no way superior to other soldiers as was stated in previous historical works.The author does, on the other hand, repeatedly drool over the supposed incredible prowess of the Numidian cavalry.  The author gives an impression that the Numidians are the ultimate warriors.  If that were so then how come they did not carve out a vast empire of their own?  At the end of the Third Punic War the Numidians did have a small kingdom on the North coast of Africa that was united under one King.  When this king died his kingdom fragmented when his sons fought one another to control it.  The author somehow manages to try and blame the Romans (evil white men after all) for this because they were in negotiations with one of the sons for an alliance.  Wouldn't it be the Numidians fault if they were fighting amongst one another instead of cooperating?  How was this the Romans fault?  The author could just not resist blaming the white man I guess.These are only a few examples of the author's ethnic worshipping...there at many other examples throughout the book.  If the Romans truly were as ungifted as the author tries to have us imagine then they would never have gone down in history as a great empire.If you can't get enough of ethnic hero worship and have low self esteem then by all means get this book.  Otherwise get another version of the Punic Wars.
That Catcher in the Rye is the story about and narrated by a unadjusted teenager from New York.  Holden Caulfield has been booted out of the latest school as he has done so on several occasions.  The book is Caulfied's thinking and opinions about various things, but comes across as little more than incoherent juvenile rambling if not outright verbal diorreah.  If I sound a little annoyed, I am.  This is because I had heard a lot about this book, being a classic of its time and considered it as essential reading.I like reading books that are interesting and informative if not motivating and inspiring.  This one is far from it and essentially surrounds the rambling non-issues of Holden.  Moreover, there is neither a story nor a plot to the book.However, there are a few things about the book that I liked:  Salinger does a terrific job of writing the book from a teenager's viewpoint.  The book is almost akin to listening to the ramblings of an unsure teen.  Second, the relationship between Holden and his little sister Phoebe is developed in a delicate way and is at times touching. Third, Holden's occasional observations are occasionally reflective of the unadulterated insights teenagers are capable of having before formal and structured college education takes over their minds.While one can see how people may relate to the insecurities of a teenager, I for one could not and do not relate in any way and am therefore unable to recommend this.
I know I'm supposed to revere this book, but for me a careful reading was insufficient to reveal its merits."The Quiet American" is not perceptive enough to be a political novel, not intimate enough to be a romance novel, and not arranged well enough to be a thriller.  Heck, Greene (at least here) isn't even enough of a wordsmith to convincingly evoke l'Indochine in the 50's, so it's not even much of a travel book.  I found myself doing much of the work in that regard.Obviously, the characters as "representative" of their nation's philosophies (the Brit as cynic, the American as idealist, etc.) is well-taken, though I thought the device was heavy-handed and unproductive.Another thing that, I think, had this book rolling on a flat tire was Greene's "in medias res" beginning, in which he reveals Pyle's death, etc.  Although this intially seemed competent, in retrospect it robbed the rest of the story of whatever interest or suspense it would otherwise have had.
What a boring, uninteresting book. Seems like having been put hastily together from Irrelevant parts. Shouldn't authors also retire, when they  come down to  that level of fiction ?
This book was recommended to me by my mom and her sisters, who have read the whole series (to this point) and LOVED IT.  They assumed that because I like fantasy/sci-fi books like Harry Potter and Artemis Fowl that I'd love Outlander, too.They were wrong.The book started out just fine... and then the main character went back in time.  At this point, the plot slows to a crawl and stays that way for the remaining 650 pages.  Too many unnecessary things happen for me to name here, but suffice it to say that Outlander is twice as long as it needs to be.When I wasn't bored, I was grossed out.  There's A LOT of violence, most of it described in painstaking detail.  Two particularly disturbing scenes are toward the end, and they were so over the top I decided not to finish the book.  (Other reviewers have warned abuse survivors to skip Outlander and I agree.  I was disturbed and I've never been abused, so I imagine it would be much worse for someone with that kind of history.)Aside from the missing plot and gratuitous violence, there's a lot of sex.  If you're like me and aren't a fan of romance novels, you'll be annoyed.  It's not that I can't EVER read about sex, I just don't want to read about it every five pages.  A better plot would've made me happier.Here's the bottom line: if you like romance novels and can stomach some violence, then Outlander is for you.  If not, then the time it would take to read the 850 pages would be better spent on something else.
This is a weak book. Obviously Mohamed goes around, writing about things that are trivial and economically untested. It will give you a general idea of the financial industry, but you buy this book to learn how to make money. It wont teach you that. To do that you should maybe consider Toby Crabel or Linda Raschke or evern Ed Seykota. They are real traders that dont write books. I think all of them have some articles on Ebay if you look, they write things that were just great and true because they trade for a living.
Salman Rushdie may be regarded as a prize winning artist, but not in my book.  This novel was truly a tough read, and that is not because it is complex in language or scope.  The first 150 pages almost caused me to put it down for good and donate it.  However, around this point, the story takes a better turn as it finally focuses on the protagonist of the novel.  Aside from the general history of Pakistan and India and the 30 year span this story takes place, there was far too much mysticism involved.  Twists and turns here and there make for the story to slog along, but in the end it just doesn't gel.  Incestuous thoughts, bawdy feelings and overall sexual feelings of ineptitude are replete thorough out the novel.  That in and of itself doesn't bother me, but when it is used as an essential characteristic by and of the narrator, it tends to become trite and useless.  Additionally, while the story does take place in India and Pakistan, the use of the local language or Rushdie's attempt and using sounds and local vernacular drowns out an otherwise descriptive passage at times.  The conversations are somewhat void of attention to the situation at hand or don't address the overall theme of the novel.  Alcoholism, poverty, opulence, and histrionics are used throughout the story as vehicles to paint a full picture of the narrator's life. Unfortunately, they run flat and the overall theme, if one can really discern a deep meaning to this novel, is lost so the book lands with a thud! I am only giving it two stars because it is a decent attempt. I won't attempt to read Salman Rushdie again. Far too many other better books out there.
It's no surprise that academics tend to have a leftward tilt these days.  This book is no exception.While this book delves into the history of education in America, it does not adequately address the philosophical roots of education policy and consequent Constitutional structure at the time of the nation's founding.  For the most part, socialist strains of political and philosophical thought are fairly well developed, but often without making the connection between the ideas of Rousseau, Marxism, Socialism and the influence of John Dewey and others on American educational philosophy.  More traditional/conservative lines of thought are misstated and underdeveloped.  For example, while the significance of the Engale v. Vitale decision is correctly stated, there is no discussion of the establishment of state churches at the time of the founding, Jefferson's letter to the Danbury Baptists, what the First Amendment actually says, or the Doctrine of Incorporation and the 14th Amendment.  As a thorough review of American philosophy and education, the book is more than deficient.I had to buy this book for class. At $84-100, it's not worth the price.
From his first appearance in _The Vampire Lestat_, Marius has been one of my favourite of Anne Rice's characters.  _Blood and Gold_, which purports to be Marius' story told in his own words, unfortunately goes a long way to proving that a good supporting character does not a leading man (or vampire, as the case may be) make.I was not expecting much from this book, as, in my opinion, the Vampire Chronicles have seriously deteriorated from their excellent beginnings into a haphazard mishmash flecked with occasional points of interest.  Even so, I was disappointed.  In the first place, there was nothing really new here.  Every major event has already been related in far more detail in previous volumes, and Marius' personal perspective does not really add any new dimension.  For a being who has been around for 2000 years (give or take), Marius comes across as surprisingly un-introspective and divorced from his own experience.  As a supporting player, Marius has always struck me as one of the most &quot;human&quot; of the immortals, so the lack of deep human feeling in his personal story clashed with the character as I have come to understand him.  In fact, it seemed to me that Marius was revealed as an emotional adolescent, always attaching himself to the unavailable in order to find some justification for his existence.  It just didn't add up.One thing I was looking for was some explanation of Marius' sudden about-face regarding the proper age one should have reached before being turned.  While some attempt was made to address this, it was distinctly unsatisfying, leaving me wondering why, if he had been convinced all along that vampires were best made from young humans, he had ever claimed the opposite.  Once again, it gave the impression that Marius has lived much of his life without intent or thought, simply allowing himself to be blown wherever the winds of fate happened to carry him.The ending was totally incomprehensible, not in terms of events, but in terms of underlying logic.  Although it seemed pretty clear that what happened in the last ten or so pages was what Rice meant this book to accomplish, I didn't quite get why or how the story to that point led up to it.  It almost seemed to be the ending from some other story tacked on.I was interested in Thorne, the mysterious Northern vampire who provided Marius with an audience.  I wished we could have known more about him, as perhaps that may have made his actions at the end of the book make some kind of sense.  But his story was sadly neglected;  we only got hints.  I thought this was a sorry oversight.All in all, B&amp;G took a character whom I had liked and transformed him into someone I didn't like much at all and ignored potentially interesting threads in favour of a rehash of all-too-familiar events.  I can't recommend it, either to Rice fans or to those new to the series.
kingsley Amis' established himself as a literary celebrity in England with the publication with this short work of comedy, which would continue to occupy a comfortable niche in the academic-farce 'genre' for the duration of the trend. Yet I found Lucky Jim terribly stiff and antiquated; it lacks any of the satirical wit that it must have possessed during time of its publication. We are asked to follow a fairly inept junior professor through a series of contrived situations at a major university amidst a cast of comic-book-esque academic types. I suspect that this brief whimsy will be an object of sociological curiosity rather than a highly regarded work of literature. Kingsley has the ability to reveal the absurdity of a given culture. He does not however, have the ability to make it pulsate with life and mystery the way his son can.
I love business books. That is good business books. You know, the ones that actually say something.Then there are the business babble books that exist solely to spread the latest buzz phrases to wannabes who have no common sense but advance in their career because they stay hip to the latest business fads and lingo. This book is for them, not me.If you love PowerPoint Presentations that use 10,000 words to say nothing, you're sure to love this book. It's full of charts and bullet points. (well in between the ads for their own website anyway.)Here's an actual bullet point from the book:* If, during the planning and implementation of the project, the management and team have no sense of what they should be doing or delivering at a given point in time, then their chances of delivering a wholly successful project are substantially reduced.There's a newsflash, people who have no clue what they are doing usually don't get anything done.Then they give a case study of effective project management. I love case studies BTW because they usually impart wisdom. So I read eagerly of a project manager named Simon who was brought in to solve a 'nightmare' problem of having a project in multiple time zones. Apparently the company doing the project was baffled that people in different time zones worked different hours and needed an outside consultant to help them with the monumental challenge. I'll let the book tell you how the story ended.--Solution: Simon created a unique project schedule that took into account the different staff work timetables in the UK and also the different work dates in the Middle East. He also recommended appointing a sub-project manager for the Middle East part of the project, who was aware of the working patterns there but could also communicate easily with the UK.Learning: Having a single time frame for the project that took into account three different work schedules made life easier to plan. Having a local manager in the Middle east made communication a lot easier-although the sub-project manager was under a lot of pressure and ended up working very odd hours!--If you never would have thought to make a schedule for the project that took into account they were in different parts or the world, then this book is for you.For the rest of you, skip this book and go get some real work done.
My family was amused when I received this book because I am basically a very happy person.  I thought it would be neat to see a "recipe" for happiness.I took me three months to wade through this book.  It never engaged me, and I only finished it because I feel obligated to do so - I chose this book for the express purpose of reading and reviewing it.Not recommended.
Grisham is careful to not be too offensive with the "skipping Christmas" plot;  for example, main character Luther promises to  make donations in the springtime to the same organizations soliciting him at Christmas this year.  To "skip Christmas", the husband-wife duo of Luther and Nora does not set up decorations, explains to neighbours that they will not be taking part in any of the festivities, and they tan and diet in preparation for a cruise they plan to take with the money they will save instead this year.Then, their daughter calls from South America to announce a surprise visit, with only hours until Christmas day.  Luther and Nora don't even discuss the option of not being there for their daughter but rather ditch their plan for the cruise.  They fumble about having to eat crow to all their gawking neighbours who wonder why now they need a Christmas tree, guests to come over, etc...This turning point was a poor decision by Grisham.  I would like to have seen how things would have worked out if Luther and Nora had participated in the cruise. The story becomes "comedic" at this point--but it's really not funny.It would work as a 1-hour Christmas comedy special for network TV.  (And I'm sorry, but I'd skip it).
Sorry Haruki, not my type of book.  Too boring in too many parts and who cares about everyones life story?  Anyway, only got through book 1 and 2 and not interested in book 3.
This might be a good basic guide to Inkscape but it is not the comprehensive guide that was expected.  It once again falls back on referring you back to a previous section when stepping you through a tutorial instead of including those steps necessary to complete a task in the current tutorial that is being used.  Some of the steps in some of the tutorials also make assumption as to the knowledge level of a person using this book as a guide.  The author might understand what is being written, but the author is not the one paying to use this book.It does not get into the nuts and bolts of the program either.  Not enough detailed information is given for all of the various functions of Inkscape.  A complete and total explanation, with examples, of every item in every menu is what is needed, not just what the author thinks might be important.Not recommended for someone looking for a complete and comprehensive guide to Inkscape, recommended for someone looking for a quick guide.
This is a terrible book pretending to be "complex," "cerebral," and  words dreamed up the critics. The critics compare it to the Name of the Rose, etc. The critics are wrong (or is it they want to praise one of their own). Everything about this book rings false: the Wall Street whiz, the computer game, the characterizations, the plot, ... I should have listened to my instincts, and quite after a chapter or two - instead I read the entire @#&(^ book.
By now, it will come as no surprise to anyone who follows my reviews that I am not a fan of Faulkner. But I've kept plugging along with him, because I wanted to read The Sound and the Fury, long considered one of his masterpieces. Now that I'm finished with it, I'm inclined to think the Shakespeare passage from which it gets its title sums it up nicely: "sound and fury, signifying nothing."I thoroughly enjoyed the autistic Benjy's segment once I got the narrators figured out. But its promise just never paid off. Here we have another disjointed unredemptive tale that's more work to figure out than its sum total is worth. I respect that some people hail Faulkner as a master, but he's decidedly not my cuppa.
So many of my Goodreads friends loved this book, so I added it as my Scotland selection for the 52 books around the world challenge.  The premise is this:  A married former army nurse circa 1945, time travels back to eighteenth century Scotland.  While there, she marries, is nearly burned as a witch, and helps her husband escape hanging.  Oh, and she has lots and lots of sex.When I first chose this book, I thought it would be along the lines of Octavia Butler&#8217;s Kindred, an excellent work of historical fiction where the modern day heroine time travels back to the days of slavery in the United States.  It didn&#8217;t take me long to figure out that Outlander was more of a romance novel, and I still had high hopes.  I read a lot of romance novels in my high school days, and one of my all-time favorite was Jude Deveraux&#8217;s A Knight in Shining Armour &#8211; again, a time travel book, but an excellent look at how a modern woman might experience living in a bygone era.Unfortunately, Outlander was deeply disappointing.  Yes, the characters were likeable (despite the fact that Claire agrees to marry Jamie, but is already married to Frank!), but Galbadon could have done a lot more history (and there were quite a few inaccuracies here!), and a lot fewer sex scenes.
Im usually an avid Kathy Reichs fan but this one went too far afieldI think.  Hope her next novel is back to her usual haunts
This is a piece of mediocre writing, again not well researched . There are some inaccuracies and mislableing of some of the photos. It could be of interet to those who are acquainted with the area or people mentioned in the book.
The unique knowledge of the author is revealed throughout this novel, in the form of many fascinating and compelling descriptive passages: of Ethiopia's geography and culture; of medical breakthroughs and procedures; of disturbing political events; and of the Ethiopian and American medical systems. The descriptions drew me in and kept me reading to the end. Unlike some other readers, I did not find these passages to be too lengthy or verbose. Rather, they created rich, convincing settings for the journeys of the various characters. Unfortunately, all the lovely and fascinating locales, and the truly interesting medical descriptions could not, ultimately, distract from the unbelievable and melodramatic plot, and the poorly-developed central characters, who often acted in inexplicable ways, in service of said plot...Sister Mary Joseph Praise, an apparent saint, to whom people actually pray, and who, despite her small stature, manages to hide a pregnancy with twins from everyone around her. Thomas Stone, who is so unfeeling that he apparently consummates his relationship with the good sister without realizing it. Marion Stone, who falls in love (unrequited) when he is ten and cannot get over it until he is thirty. Shiva Stone, the gynecological savant who "loves" women by being really promiscuous. And the beautiful and reckless Genet (no last name?), the rather unlikely villain, who is treated very roughly by everyone in the story, including the author, and is punished many times over for her sins. Women are Madonnas or whores. Men are studious and intellectual but emotionally stunted. Rinse. Repeat.Although the author at least attempted to reveal the characters of the Indian/White expats (and, in the case oh Ghosh and Hema, he was mainly successful), the Ethiopians, disappointingly, remained caricatures or cardboard cut-outs throughout. He also chose to tell the story as a first-person narrative, a concept that eventually broke down under the weight of so many stories, told in intimate detail, from so many points of view.The novel was not boring or too long, but it did not fulfil its initial promise, and, by the end, I found myself rather let down.
I'll admit I was turned off in the first few pages of the book with a section that characterized medical insurance as a "game" and all-but accused medical insurers of deliberately delaying claims payment in order to make money, using an example that doesn't make any fiscal sense anyway.Clearly, the authors have the "insurance is big business screwing the little people" agenda.  Thus this book is not useful to anyone actually looking for a balanced or in-depth view of the medical reimbursement industry.But for someone who's looking for a general introduction to medical office practice as seen from the eyes of the "little man" doctor, this is not a bad first choice.  The roles of the various players in the office are correctly explained except for the frequent incorrect use of "medical insurance specialist."  Clearly, the book is intended to build up those who feel that billing clerks are at the bottom of the office pecking order -- and that's not necessarily a bad thing either.Anyone who thinks, however, that the book's little coding exam is actually all there is to coding is badly mistaken.  The book also has a considerable paucity of information for those wanting to take the next steps.I can't recommend it.
Graphic torture. Graphic rape (straight and gay). Graphic S&M sex.  If that's your thing, fine and you'll love this book. I'm not prudish - I just expected a good romantic historical fiction. Disappointed, and more than a little grossed out.
The young writers of this book say it took them six years to write it.  I felt it was going to take me six years to read it. I just wanted them to hurry up and say what they were trying to say. I think they have a future as writers but this drags on way too long. Any comparisons with the Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons are off track. Yes, it is more cerebral but I even heard a brain surgeon say it was boring!
This novel opens with so much promise: the Greek gods living in modern London, bored and barely able to sustain themselves. We get some of the classic elements demanded by such a project- rogue love interests, fighting, revenge, jealousy. However the book fizzles at the helm of predictability, unlikable characters, and just plain poor writing. I did not come in with high expectations; I wanted an easy, enjoyable read. Readers definitely get the easy part, but any joy I got out of this novel was squandered by its sell-out ending. I'll give it one star for a creative concept and a few interesting literary devices, but on the whole this book was a disappointment.
Wanted to add a rating more than a full review.I have read many GH books and, for me, this one was ok, but not one of her best stories.
Ellis manages an active fund, which completely goes against the premise of his book.  If he truley believes what he wrote, he would act accordingly.  However, that isn't why I gave the book 2 stars.  I gave the book 2 stars because it is basically a 2-3 page paper expanded to be a full book by using fillers.  There is one simple concept, and it doesn't take an entire book to get across.
I seldom give up on a book until i am at least a couple of chapters in, but this was the exception.  Not only could I not figure out what the book was about or who &#34;Jim&#34; was, I didn't even care!  Perhaps this is just a genre that does not appeal to me, but I found it confusing and boring at the same time.
I am from Mississippi and went to school at Ole Miss, so, I am supposed to love John Grisham's books. I used not be able to wait until the next book came out.I find his books to all be cut from the same cloth. What happened to the great suspense books like The Firm and The Pelican Brief? It seems to me that Mr. Grisham is losing his passion for writing. Much like the main character in this book, I think that Mr. Grisham is just trying to produce a story fast enough to meet a deadline set by his publisher and just good enough to pass the minimum requirements needed to sell a few copies.In a nutshell, Mr. Grisham's books are becoming steadily worse. My advice--don't waste your time reading this book.
As a high-school term paper, this book would be good.  It pulls from various articles and observations others have written regarding Barack Obama.  Any 17-year-old would deserve an A for such a report.As a book by experts that profiled lessons from the Obama campaign, it's a failure.  Possibly, the authors just suffered from someone who insisted the book title be changed, leading to unfair expectations of what this book was about.This isn't a book about lessons from the Obama CAMPAIGN, but it does a fair job providing lessons from Obama himself.So, if you've heard about all the ways the Obama campaign used social networking, grassroots mobilization, and targeted marketing and you're ready for a deep-dive into the actual mechanics, this isn't your book.  You'll instead find the high-level accounts of everything you've already read.If you think Barack Obama is cool and you want to read anecdotes that agree that he's cool, this IS your book.  But here are some of the "lessons"--ignore the sideshows and keep your eye on the center ring, fix the problem and forget the blame, play hardball when necessary, vent outside the tent, adjust to the moment, and lead with humility.That's hardly a step-by-step lesson machine for you to become president.  Seriously, that's not even a step-by-step lesson for anything but an interesting conversation.  That's all this book is--a well-written essay that shows Barack Obama knows how to act presidential.  Maybe the lesson ends up being, "Act presidential if you want to be presidential," but we knew that.  There's no new lesson here.
John Grisham is usually a guarantee for a page-turning read. This, however, is the signal for me to stop buying his books. It kicks off well, then just completely loses focus and direction and prattles on endlessly about this and that and nothing of interest - I have the feeling this is Grisham's attempt at writing himself an "Epic", and he fails miserably. As for the oh-so-perfect Miss Millie (or whatever her name was), I just felt like pouring one of her oh-so-perfect pot roasts over her head and telling her that her oh-so-perfect, 7 PhD'd kids (yeah, right) bore me to tears. I have to agree with Dr. Ansari  - by the time the books starts "revealing all", you just don't care anymore. Nausea, Grisham style.
I was very disappointed in the quality of this program.  The design and help manuals are very amateurish. Many of the columns have no explanations as to what they mean, numbers on the screens frequently get truncated and the values for at least some of the vitamins just didn't seem to add up correctly. The program is difficult to use and customer support was lacking.I stopped using this in favor of the Nutribase program, which is a much higher quality program, easier to use and has a more professional look and feel. I've been using the Nutribase program for many months now for meal planning for my family and have been quite pleased with it.
There are a few, very roughly sketched ideas in this book that might be helpful, though most of it is fluff, as another reviewer pointed out.  One of the ideas that is helpful is to measure your marketing efforts: You want to know what works and what doesn't!  However, this isn't as easy as Sugars makes it sound because most people don't remember how they heard of a business (unless they actually looked for it). This is especially the case with advertising, one of the method that Sugars recommends...While his list of strategies can provide some ideas, they are outlined at such a high-level, they're almost useless unless you already have some marketing sense.So, get the book from the library to get your idea-juices flowing. It's a quick read (it's high-level, after all) and you might find a few useful nuggets.
Considering the perspective Butler had of post Tet '68 Vietnam as a fluent speaker of Vietnamese, the experiences he describes are remarkably trite.  It reads like the sordid memories of an old man recalling his most disreputable past, in the hopes that it will be commercially viable.  The book was copyrighted in 1994, when he was about 59 years old.  He's clearly remembering his conquests over teenage prostitutes through the haze of age.  I was there a couple of years later than Butler, and I can attest that it was possible for American men to have perfectly normal relationships with Vietnamese women.  I also have crystal clear memories of Vietnam's insect life, of the culinary techniques of the old women, of the vibrancy of the open air market.  What we get in "They Whisper" is a world you used to be able to buy into for about $1 an hour, and $3 per day.Butler's inability to have a normal relationship with a Vietnamese woman foreshadows his dysfunctional relationship with his stateside sweetheart, Fiona Price.  But don't believe me; here's Butler: "Not that I had much early experience with them [throughout the book "them" is "women I've loved"], not directly.  But I had always dreamed tumescent dreams about them, found myself inside them in my mind over and over, and the dreams always carried voices, I could give the girls voices that spoke clearly to me, and I think that was how I first came to understand something about the love of a woman."The first thing you'll recognize about the above quote is that it isn't remotely deathless prose.  The second is that the product of his dreams is a reality he constructs for himself.  These two features of Butler's writing are held more or less consistent throughout the book.Oh.  "Tumescent" means "a swollen part."  Remember when you used to get stimulated reading the dictionary definitions of rude words?  Butler's still there.
I was very disappointed with this book and I would give it zero stars if I could. The main message is that to be a coach you don't need any qualification. I think this is a very dangerous statement. There are plenty of individuals who wrongly believe to be "qualified" without having any academic certification and embark in the coaching profession because they incorrectly believe they know better. The damage these people can do is immense. I found this book really disappointing and on the wrong side of comical.The tone of the author is very patronising, arrogant; he feels to be the only person who knows it all (and for being a coach that's exactly the wrong way to do it!). The impression that I have is that this is just a marketing tool for the author.Leaving aside the ethical implications (which are a pillar of the coaching profession), whether you are a beginner or like me an experienced pro I strongly suggest to pass on this book and spend your money on something of much better quality and substance by a recognised and qualified professional like Marshall Goldsmith.This book went straight in the only place where it belongs: the bin.
I am an academic economist who frequently collaborates with scientists and find that interdisciplinary collaboration is often fruitful and that there are clear synergies from letting scholars from different fields interact. I therefore purchased this book with the expectation of being exposed to useful ideas. I was sadly disappointed. The book starts with stating the need for behavioral physics. I smiled a little at this, since economists have been doing this for 150 years, but I guessed that you can't know everything. Then the author started writing about economics. Oh boy! Either the author is truly ignorant of economic research the last 50 years or this guy is to scientific writing what Ann Coulter is to punditry. I doubt that there is a single economic concept that the author has understood. A fundamental concept such as Pareto optimality is botched. Apparently there is evidence that prices fall when demand grows which would be news to most economists (including Adam Smith who is supposed to have expressed this interesting idea.) The author states that economists look for theories that enables prediction of market movements whereas real traders know that this is not possible. Any economist will tell you that the truth is the other way around. In fact, economists know that unless there is asymmetric information among traders it is not possible to consistently outperform the market. Real traders make a living trying to do so. And the statement that microeconomic models ignore interactions between agents is just laughable. In fact economics is a holistic science in the sense that it is explicitly acknowledged that actions are interconnected. This is what general equilibrium analysis is all about. (I don't recall the publication date of Cournot's market model but it was a long time ago.) I could come up with more examples of nonsense but if you want a laugh, just borrow the book at the library. I am concerned with the disingenousness of the writing style. There is no end to the number of statements like "Some economists believe," "mosts economists will" and "many think that." Since I don't recognize any of this I can only assume that he made these things up. The other approach is to cherry pick bad ideas from the past and present them as current practice. (Kontradieff cycles!!!)In my interactions with scientists I have often despired about the calvalier attitude they have to economics. They seem to think that having a Ph.D. in e.g. physics means that they are super-smart (which they often are) so something as trivial as economics must be dead simple to them. This leads them to say the dumbest things like claiming that energy should be the unit of account when measuring value. It seems to me that having a brain that understands quantum mechanics and relativity makes you supremely unable to understand elemenetary aspect of behavioral science. (Although you may be able to predict behaviour in queues and other not very interesting patterns.) The contrast with biology is interesting. The flow of useful ideas between biologists and economists has been very beneficial to both sciences and promise to be more so in the future.
It should be pointed out that since the 1980s new information about Reed has come to light through access to Soviet archives. These sources reveal that Reed was  another in a long line of influential Americans who were paid agents of one of the deadliest totalitarian forces in human history. This doesn't tend to get mentioned when the NY Times and academic establishments praise this book's greatness.
I shouldn't start out with such a negative attitude because, to be honest, I've never read anything else by Faulkner, but this is NOT the book to start out with if you want to get a taste of him.  This is the biggest muddle I think I've ever tried to read, and if it weren't for online Cliff's Notes, which broke down the entire book in 20 pages and better explained it than Faulkner himself, I would never have understood a single work of it.His style is simply impossible to follow in this book, trying from a sane and intellectually sound individual's perspective to try to duplicate the mind of a 33-year-old infant whose thoughts he can't even possibly comprehend.  He shifts through time back and forth until I was almost pulling my hair out, and I just couldn't even begin to understand what was going on.  Once past that point, I was so frustrated that the next section didn't make any sense either.  I didn't understand a single word until I read the review online, and never before have I had a problem with a work like this.
I loved the movie Silence of the Lambs.  I read the book and enjoyed it also.  I looked forward to the sequel.  I bought Hannibal as soon as it came out.  I read the book, barely.  Many times I put it down out of disgust.  When I got to the ending I was simply apalled.This is a bad book.  The characters from Silence of the Lambs appear in name only.  It relies on shock and the grotesque to maintain the reader's interest.  Much of the grotesque has nothing to do with the story line.  The violence verges on pornography.The worst part of the book is the ending.  First there is a scene of Hannibal's revenge that outdoes any of the perverted violence in the rest of the book.  Then interaction between Lecter and Clarice that makes the character of Clarice unrecognizable.  In the final ending Clarice is warped into a character that is not the Clarice portrayed in Silence of the Lambs.  I took this book to a used book store and couldn't give it away.This is not Silence of the Lambs or any reasonable facsimile thereof.  Do not waste your time or money buying or reading this book.  It is simply a bad book, just pass it by.
It's been said already. I loved the others and got ready to be mesmerized and then plodded through nearly 100 pages - one chapter a night because I was bored to tears. Sorry - the saga is well over for me.
This book is a mixed bag of facts and conjecture.  The parts of the book that are most unappealing and lack scientific merit are the author's use of his friends, family and fictional characters to explain the impact of testosterone on behavior.  Dabbs' continuous reference to his and his students' testosterone studies without disclosing details and whether any scientific peer reviews were published or conducted calls into question the credibility of his book.  It seems as if he and his students set out to prove their hypotheses by doing little more than soliciting spit tests and celebrating the results.For much of the book, Dabbs opines negatively of high testosterone men.  High testosterone has lost its place in modern society, he argues.  More successful and educated white color workers have lower testosterone levels than less educated, lower income but higher testosterone blue color workers.  Towards the end, however, he raises the specter of channeling the effects of this powerful hormone to positive outcomes such as altruism and heroism.  Proper upbringing and social activities can curb the negative tendencies of high testosterone individuals.In the epilogue, Dabbs admits to the complexity of nature vs. nature analytics and the extent to which testosterone influences behavior.  But certain assertions are "clearly established" he claims:  Testosterone increases muscle strength, sexual activity, delinquency and marital instability.  Other connections, which he claims are less certain include occupation choice, e.g. actors and athletes have high testosterone levels, sex differences, e.g. women maintain lasting relationships while men drop strong loyalties when they change jobs or sports teams,  and the nature of heroism and altruism.  This is the area the author dabbles in the most, and unfortunately, because of the lack of depth, Dabbs' arguments are not presented in a convincing or thoughtful way.Robert M. Sapolskly accomplishes in one chapter of his book "The Trouble With Tetosterone" more than Dabbs' entire book.
I was expecting a little more than was delivered...it was basic and pretty un-interesting and not informative at all.  Bummer!
What is missing from Siva Naipaul's account of Africa is Africans. His writing is sharp and incisive, but most of it is based on interactions with the people he manages to interact without much effort: hoteliers, bureaucrats, fellow travellers, immigration officials. As such, the picture he portrays of Africa in the seventies is how Whites, Asians, and a few mid level African bureaucrats. His dismissal of socialism in Tanzania is entirely based on whether the hotel bus works or not, what one particular local individual has to say about the state of affairs, and a few other characters. What is missing is an understanding of the state of the majority. At least in Tanzania, he tries but fails to visit a concept village, but in Kenya and Zambia, he doesn't even bother to try to find out for real how common people have fared under ideological states like Tanzania, semi-idealist state of Zambia and the completely free-for-all-takers Kenya.What saves this book somehow is a reasonably well articulated investigation of African hatred of Asians and a few generalizations (e.g. both blacks and whites deserve each other, both are not worth a tear, both have been corrupted by contact with each other), which though sweeping in nature, are thought provoking enough to call for a better book to dwell more thoroughly on the same questions.
Disregard the reviews of this book being a must read. It is more of a must pass. The book began well, but then it seemed like Harris just lost his train of thought and started to make things up. The plot was poorly developed and the descriptions of the gory murders, wasn't even disgusting  at all.This book was too long and dull. The ending was absolutely  horrible. No wonder Jodi Foster refused the part. The characters were lost  from the original series to become lovers!  This cannot be! It ruins  the entire mystique of the relationship between Starling and Lecter!  C'mon!  Harris, you must've been offered a HUGE advancement to write this  shoddy novel. I can't believe you rushed to write this awful book.  Warning  to others, do not buy unless you want to waste money and time and energy in  a dull, predictable book.
Good book for novices but not too keen on the ways they consider "safe" stocks and bonds to make a large profit.  Maybe I am just old fashioned but seems to still be quite a risky proposition.
What a mess of a book. Early on the author notes he originally thought of writing a book on god. Perhaps then he would have stuck to a topic or had an editor.Here is what you will get:-An Inbev apologist (best brewers in the world solely due to consistency)-An anti-union screed and a lot of political sour grapes from years ago-A dismissal of any innovation in brewing along with the craft movement itself-A defense of English food-A full third or so of the length taken up by entirely unnecessary endnotes-Virtually nothing on the actual joy of drinking beer-No interesting history of beer outside of the macro mergers and a bit in England-No hint of open-mindedness regarding anything related to beer - he is as conservative as possibleBlah blah unrelated story...sorry, but I digress...like most of this awful book. If you're interested in the story of beer, pick up Radical Brewing. The only saving grace of this book is that I got it for free on Kindle, so all I have to do is delete it rather than throw it away or risk someone else picking it up.
It was fun to read this book.  The pages went by easily, and it kept me, for the most part, wanting to know what was about to happen. I looked forward to the romance, and the time travelling thing was an interesting premise, BUT, the unexplained violence (bruises, cuts, swollen eyes) of some of Harry's returns from some unknown future or past were so totally off, I ended up feeling angy instead of mystified (is that what Niffenegger intended?).The use of four letter words to describe something as sublime as love making bothered me, specially since it didn't add anything to the story - it was just a disrespectful way of addressing the physical union between Harry and Clare.  Amazing that a couple can love each other so much and yet not once, not even their first time, was described as something meaningful.  The emphasis on quantity (versus quality)seemed too important.Ms. Niffenegger had a fantastic idea, full of countless possibilities.  She makes a great point of the bad side of time travel, of the terrible unprededictability of it all, of the cold, the loneliness, the cruelty of being subjected to having nothing (not even glasses or fillings, can you imagine?), but does not fully exploit it.  She leaves too many blanks, too many unanswered questions that she should not have brought up in the first place - what for, if she will not answer them for us?  Harry's tendency towards violence seems oddly off, thus, she didn't develop his character to it's full potential, and the same goes for Clare.  Most of all, I would've loved to know just why Henry had this "genetic mutation" that caused his moving in time, why did it come about? What was happening in the world that affected him, and others like him, with this "condition"?Overall, it's an enjoyable book, but an unfinished product.  Not a bad start for Ms. Niffenegger, but developing the story to what it could have been, really left me wanting. Being aware of these shorcomings, you may enjoy reading it.
This book is a fanciful story around the game of golf in Scotland. I expected something on the lines of how to improve my game of golf.
This book is worthless. Don't waste your time or money. If you want a  biased, slanted, bleeding heart view of illegal alien squatters who are invading our country, just pick up the LA Times editorial section. I've heard this author is  not willing to debate this book with those who are fighting to save our country against this invasion. Is he afraid of being exposed? It seems T.C. Boyle is desperately trying to make a buck off this issue. Remember he wrote this book in 1996. Forget this piece of junk and go for an honest account of the illegal alien invasion with any books by Lou Dobbs, Tom Tancredo, or Jim Gilchrist.
It appears that the authors of this book were attempting to cash in on the popularity of The DaVinci Code but have failed miserably in their effort. This is a story with a weak plot and flat characters. It is the tale of how some Princeton undergraduates solve a 500 year old mystery that has eluded experts for generations. It appears more focused on describing the various buildings on the Princeton University campus than it does on developing the story line or adding depth to the characters to try to make them seem more real.The only reason I read it was because I was stuck on a plane and had little choice. In retrospect I should have read the Sky Mall catalog. At least I might have seen something interesting.
What's the big fuss over this book?  I was looking for &quot;classics&quot; and I kept hearing people rant and rave over this book, so I figured I should read it and maybe be enlightened or something.  No such luck.  As a matter of fact, I couldn't wait to get to the point of the book, which never seemed to come.  It was so incredibly boring that I didn't even finish the book. I was bound and determined to do so, but I was losing my mind, reading this book.  I had about enough of hearing Holden repeat himself on each and every topic, and hearing about &quot;phonies&quot;.  I could definitely have been better off reading something else.  So, I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
I realize that it's currently popular in  &#34;literary&#34; or &#34;up market&#34; fiction to depress people, which is why I tend to avoid the genre. But so many people recommended this book that I violated my better judgement, unfortunately. While the writing is excellent, and even enjoyable, the author's choices for the direction the story turned at the end left me feeling manipulated and used. I ended up hating this book. It reinforces my choice to avoid &#34;literary&#34; and &#34;up market&#34; fiction. She gets an extra star for the writing quality, but that's it.- Len -
Who killed the BUTLER? and more important why did I buy this book? I could have made my life all the way through without never spending a minute reading this. But for Nietzsche Buffs I guess it is a must have!
I may be a minority, but I found the first couple of chapters tedious and almost unreadable, and dropped the book at that point.  It's a principle in fiction that the author should show, not tell.  All this author did was tell, tell, tell--he preferred the lazy path of Irving the Explainer.  He just wouldn't convey his story through scenes or dialogue.  Rather he wanted to tell the reader everything about Briony in long-winded narrative, instead of showing us these things by what she said, thought and did. Then he did the same thing with the older sister. Neither of these characters came alive. They could have come to life in other hands, but McEwan seems to prefer nattering on tiresomely. Why this was considered prize-winning writing is unfathomable.  In my view, it was more a series of preliminary character sketches and a long outline of a book than a real novel.  Nice that it was made into a movie, as advertising indicates there are the elements of a story here; but in a reversal of the usual situation, the film has to be much better than the book or people will walk out of it in droves.
This book told very depressing stories.  Usually Maeve Binchy hooks the reader with her description of interesting characters.  I didn't experience that with Dublin 4.
The author is a social scientist, a psychology professor actively engaged in research, a Jewish atheist who is widely read in the traditions of the East who has visited there and interviewed many proponents of Eastern philosophy, someone who is not a practitioner of any of these philosophies but a respecter of the rights of others to have those views. He majored in philosophy as an undergraduate and "found few answers". He now teaches university classes on positive psychology which employ cognitive therapy principles. The writing style might be called popular academic--it has footnotes to chapter notes, references and an index.The author explains that our likelihood of finding essential truths is small. "No one person can ever read more than a tiny fraction" of our available knowledge "because our library is also effectively infinite" His quest has been to "read dozens of works of ancient wisdom" and sift out the wheat from the chaff--to "question it in light of what we now know from scientific research." His confessed bias, then, is to bring us wisdom filtered thru the lens of science and that he does. Any measures of happiness he uses will be the kind of quantitative clinical evidence-based analysis that a scientist would use. This narrow view is a very modest baby step compared to the broader sense of happiness sought after by the serious practice of spiritual disciplines.His metaphor for self-control is the rider taming the elephant. "Meditation has been shown to make people calmer, less reactive to the ups and downs and petty provocations of life. Meditation is the Eastern way of training yourself to take things philosophically.Cognitive therapy works, too." If statistical evidence on Prozac matches that for another modality, then it is effective too.He seems just as impressed the way "philosopher Robert Solomon ... directly challenged the philosophy of nonattachment as an affront to humanity" as the "Millions of people in the West have followed [Buddhism], and ...few  if any, have reached Nirvana" Whether you want to call this fair and balanced or wishy-washy is a matter of semantics.At some points the author may sound like a debunker when he says things like: "I am in no position to say whether God, heaven, or an afterlife exists, but as a psychologist I am entitled to point out that belief in postmortem justice shows two signs of primitive moral thinking." At other times like a pragmatist: "religious faith  and practice can aid growth, both by directly fostering sense making... and by increasing social support"In Chapter 5 on the pursuit of happiness he makes many strong assertions about why he feels that modern happiness research suggests that Buddha was wrong to say that happiness comes from within. He cites studies that suggest happiness can come from without, not studies to show that Nirvana is a meaningless state of consciousness. He talks about the importance of social networks and traps of modern life like having versus doing. Perhaps the author should talk to the NDE population before writing his next book. This half-way-there approach to research is not fair and balanced. The author is very enamored with the "progress" of his colleagues to the exclusion of tradition. There are plenty of studies about TM and other types of meditators, and none of them are discussed or listed in the 25-page list of references. There is a second issue which is that Buddhist happiness is in all probability a different animal than clinical happiness, this is not addressed.The author is certainly aware of the meaning of non-duality but does not dwell on it. There is a cognitive dissonance at work in this writing, the author is very happy to point out when the principles of cognitive therapy are echoes from past teachings, but is very reluctant to state what else those authors had to say that is not part of cognitive therapy. Though he sprinkles mention of Buddha throughout the book as early on when he quotes from "The consolation of philosophy" by Boethius he waits until late in the book in Chapter 9 "Divinity with or without God" (curiously God is not in the index) to tackle issues relating to enlightenment. He leads off with a very appropriate metaphor from Flatland by Edwin Abbot. He then has a very extended discussion of disgust and elevation which leads into a seven page discussion on awe and transcendence. He surveys other Western authors like Timothy Leary, Abraham Maslow, and William James. The contrast that sets apart the legendary work of Maslow from cognitive researchers is that Maslow started from the top with peak experiences and the cognitivists start from the bottom and never make it up the ladder, they continue to wallow in the dregs. How do you see the light if no one lifts the manhole cover?I'm sure that academics in the field will consider this work an essential read, as for the general public or someone seeking happiness, that is a very different matter. To use the words "ancient wisdom" in the subtitle of this book is an affront to readers who might expect to read it to find metaphysical sophistication. You may find some interesting writing, but very misleading PR in the title. A more accurate title might have been "The Happiness Semi-Hypothesis: Why I think science trumps the Buddha". Buddhist practitioners and knowledgeable students will see through the author's temerity and shallow perspective with no difficultly. I'm not saying a cognitive band-aid cannot be helpful, just that this kind of unfair and meaningless misconstruction of Buddhism is undeserved. Haidt is happy with himself for his freedom to "think treasonous thoughts" which seems to mean his ability to say in print pretty much whatever he chooses. That does not mean people that have been warned won't be smart enough to ignore his books.If what you want is to know why Buddhists are happy and how to get that way you might try Awakening Joy: 10 steps that will put you on the road to real happiness by James Baraz or perhaps Wake up Now by Stephan Bodian. For a broader view see Coming Home: The Experience of Enlightenment in Sacred Traditions by Lex HixonFor something less spiritual try You Can Be Happy No Matter What: Five Principles for Keeping Life in Perspective by Richard CarlsonAnd no, I am not a Buddhist and have no intention of becoming one.
I taught an operating systems course at a top-30 north american university using &quot;Operating Systems Concepts&quot;, 5th edition.  At the same time, i looked at Tanenbaum's book &quot;Modern Operating Systems&quot; to get ideas for problems.  Instead of just copying his homework assignments, i actually read the book and created homeworks from scratch using the figures and examples in this book.I got burned twice.  IMHO, the book is loaded with logic errors.  Not only were the programming examples wrong, but the logical concepts (e.g. examples of what constitutes deadlock) were also wrong.  If i found this many errors by looking at just two chapters, you know there are hundreds more buried elsewhere in the book.Don't screw up your students' minds with this book.  Hardly worth the paper its printed upon.
Before reading this, you should know that this book is extremely anti-Christian, and full of nonsense. This is a future world where very few women are fertile, and "Christian" religious right men are in charge. Because so few women can have children, those who can are used as "handmaids"-essentially, they have babies for the men and their sterile wives. Now, there is no mention in this novel of why egg donors and implantation aren't used, or why fertility treatments aren't employed. There are also women used as prostitutes-those who are defiant about the existing order. This is a paranoid feminist novel, one completely unlikely to happen, and one that will piss you off to read. It isn't even a good story. I had to read this for school and hated every minute of it. There is no truth in it, just a rallying cry for NARAL. If you're conservative like me, skip it. It will only make you angry.
Yes, technically inexplicit, for me anyway. I was able to get through a good part of "Buy - Don't Hold" by L.N. Masonson, and then I put it down. Picked it up a few days later and found I was totally baffled, which isn't a good sign. I've visited all the links referenced and looked at reviews of them too, and it's obvious that I'm not the only one convinced there has to be a better method to intelligent investing (misery does love company). Admittedly I was overwhelmed by the preponderance of evidentiary charts and acronyms, but when I noticed the close similarity to devices used by horse race enthusiasts I quickly came to the conclusion it was all beyond my degree of comprehension. In short I'd had enough - this just isn't for me.
One of the roadblocks to the proliferation of Linux to personal desktops is the perceived difficulty in installing and using Linux. Robin 'Roblimo' Miller addresses the novice Linux user with his book Point & Click Linux!, published by Prentice Hall PTR. The book comes with both a distribution of SimplyMEPIS Linux on a bootable CD and a DVD with tutorials featuring Roblimo himself. Robin is the Editor in Chief for the Open Source Technology Group.Point & Click Linux! takes a simple, top-of-the-trees format to get readers involved in Linux enough to be interested, but not so much as to make them afraid of the potential complexities. After a brief rundown of the types of things a casual user can do with Linux, Robin takes the reader through the process of running SimplyMEPIS from the CD. After a short overview of KDE and KWrite, Roblimo launches into the installation process. SimplyMEPIS is designed to install quickly and easily, and it's shown by the fact that only 9 pages needs to be devoted to the instructions.The second section's 19 chapters provide instructions on the more commonly used programs in bite-sized pieces. The only downside is that each of them is so short (the longest is 12 pages) that not much is said. Most of the chapters in this section do little more than show you a couple of features of the program and point you to the help file, user guide, or web site. In many cases, the instructions for actually starting the program are missing from the book. It turns out that the accompanying DVD gives you the rest of the information. You really need to both read the book and view the DVD to get all the information to actually get some use of the programs.The third and final section of the book covers the miscellaneous topics of downloading and installing new software, customizing your Linux, cooperating with Windows machines, and using the command line in its simplest form. Again, each chapter only touches on a few salient points and leaves the rest for you to research.Roblimo has written a large number of columns for numerous publications and web sites. However, he is not a very accomplished video personality. He appears to have wanted to use a light-hearted approach on the DVD. Unfortunately, I didn't like the goofy-guy approach he took. The content of what he was saying was just fine, but I spent more time thinking how amateurish it looked than focusing on what he was saying. It was a good idea in general, but it needs polish.Overall, Point & Click Linux! is a good book for the first-time Linux user to read so they can get their feet wet, but I feel too much was left out, forcing the reader to go elsewhere. With the application section, it would have been better if the book covered how to start the program and do the basics of what the program was designed for and the other interesting features could have been put on the DVD. That way the book would remain a comfortably small size, but it would have information a novice user would want at hand.Point & Click Linux! by Robin 'Roblimo' Miller is a wonderful idea executed in just a middling fashion. It definitely has an audience, but some revision is needed to bring out the full potential of bringing simple Linux to the casual user. Overall, I had to rate this a 2 out of 5. It has many good topics but not enough depth, and a DVD that needs cleaning up and better production quality.
I am a huge fan of Elizabeth Berg's work but, unfortunately, this isn't  her best work.  I found it easy and full of the easy way out.  I could see  each path and storyline before it ever ended up happening.  It lacked  challenge and intrigue.  I have come to expect wonderful things from this  amazing author but, this one just didn't do it for me.  Not worth your  time or money.  Try her other works.  You'll be happy there.
What is it with this novel? Depressing, boring and yet a "must-read" classic of American literature.Disliked the tone, color, characters and yes, the writing. Painful and dull.
This book was selected for my book club.  I couldn't get past the first half a dozen chapters. The only person I liked was the Mexican lady, America, and maybe the wife of the rich guy.  The rich guy - what a horse's a**.  The Mexican guy - only slightly better, and I'm not even sure about that.  Raised some interesting issues and heated discussion for the book club, but ... This is only the second book that I didn't finish in over 18 months of being in my club.  That ought to tell you something.  BTW:  A friend told me the ending and I said &#34;you've got to be kidding.&#34;  It sucked too.
This book will give you a basic grasp of C++ at a good price. Unfortunately, the information in the book is dated and does not follow current C++ standards.
I agree with all the other reviewers who complain that this book is big on generalizations and has almost nothing to say on how to actually identify and follow a trend.  I've rarely read a trading book with so little practical information or one that repeated generalizations so many times.
I was hoping this book would give me some techniques for improving my company. What I got was a motivational speech. Very big on generalities, very light on details.Much of the book is a parable: a story designed to illustrate the concept and teach a lesson. And the concept seems to be "Develop the attitude that this is a great place to work, and it will happen!"The author describes a lot of ideas... Hoopla Teams, "THE Conversation", for example. But she doesn't provide a lot of details on what they are, or explanations of how they work. Chapters on dealing with employees who aren't buying in to the program consist of a lot of description of their negative behaviors and attitudes, and a couple of sentences on how to deal with the. Which usually amount to "have THE Conversation" with them.And of course, the parable serves to prove the theory of the book, because that's the way it was written. The book is written in an informal style, where we learn that one character "cut into her steak, just the right shade of pink" while discussing generalities with someone whose company was in trouble. That might be a nice detail in a novel, but it doesn't add anything to the subject. Don't tell me how she cut her steak, tell me how she fixed her company!Some of the "examples" of how this system works were pretty far fetched. A bank implements the plan and "the energy shifted completely the next day", and "it became the buzz all over town". Even more incredibly, "the mood of the entire town changed" as all the other businesses in town applied the same system. Sorry, I just don't buy that.If you want an inspirational pep talk, this might be a good book. But if you're looking for some detailed advice on improving the morale and quality of service at your company, you'll need to look elsewhere.
From looking at some other reviews here I seem to be the only person who has never read a book by Ruth Rendell before.So, having never read this author before I am unable to compare with her previous works. On the cover Patricia Cornwell says of the author: "The most brilliant mystery writer of our time." Naturally I was impressed. And then I tried to read the book!The many, many characters with the peculiar names were very hard to follow. There were so many of them & then none of them were properly developed enough to allow the reader to form any sort of attachment.By page 76 I was still flipping back to try & figure out who was who. It was too tedious.By page 100 I could not find any proper correlation for the so-called "Saint Zita Society" with the story.Since I read for pleasure & not work & this book was definitely `work' I gave up at page 102 as I could not have cared less for the characters or how it ended.
Waste of money.  Outdated.  Things they say should work do not work because it is OUTDATED. Take your money and get an Alfred Hitchcock movie.  See it with someone you care for.
Frankly, I am amazed at some of the reviews posted for this novel. 'More-than-enough@hotmail.com' gives away the entire story - so why read it at all? (I thought this service of Amazon discouraged giving away entire  plots. Am I missing something??) I found Philip Carey to be a detestable  creature, even more so than Mildred. Throughout his youth he is callous  towards those who - unlike him - do not have money in the bank; his tutor  in Paris is the example that comes to mind. It is not until he himself  finds himself destitute that he is able to relate to the misery of others.  And even then he does not reflect back on the misery of others, but can  think only of himself. The book has a great beginning, and a great ending  (as so many books do) but for me the middle 400 pages just dragged on and  on and on, replaying the same scenario over and over again between Philip  and Mildred. It was so frustrating! (Much like watching Rhett and Scarlett  constantly missing the fact that each is really in love with the other,  until due to circumstances it is too late to do anything about it.) I  cannot comprehend how any high school student, assigned this book when they  are not an avid reader to begin with, can possibly muddle their way through  this bloated novel. I will say that the last ten pages are wonderful, so  here's my advice: read the first few chapters and the last few and you'll  do just fine on your book report. Instead of the tedium of the middle, go  out and play in the sun or go to the movies. And don't feel guilty about  skipping the middle!
It is clear that Mr. Augen has done a lot of work and research in preparing this book.  Through great data analysis he has narrowed the universe of stocks to 5 that best fit his philosophies / approach, and he walks through some theoretical trades that he could have maybe made around these stocks.The problem is that all of the trades are just that - theoretical.  They are all created based on old data.  No insight is really given on how to make trades in real time.  No information is given on safe stop levels (he merely mentions in passing that some trades may get stopped out).  Worse, he will give contradictory information - that this trade works in one situation but not another - but no real basis to determine which is which.  The "trading strategies" in chapter 3 are not really strategies at all, nor are any of the conditions for the trades spelled out.  Even if you took the time to mine data like he did, and prepare your own universe of stocks, there is nothing in this book to guide real-time trading decisions.  You'd just have some great tools to look back in time and see great trades you could have made.This is not to mention that he completely ignores market realities like bid/ask spreads, rapid price movements, and the possibility that his trades may go against him (his examples are very cherry picked to show positive results - never does he show a losing trade, but he picks seemingly random expiration months as examples - probably those that best fit his data).I would not recommend this book to anyone, as interesting as it was to read from an aesthetic point of view.  There are tons of better books that give much more meaningful guidance on either trading options, or on specific trading strategies, than this waste of space.I'm shocked that there are some positive review on this book.  I can only assume they are friends or colleagues of the author.The only way I could profit from this book now would be to resell it.  I'm sorry I spent my hard-earned money on it.
Very weird and hard to understand. I just didn't like it at all.  I'll just stick to the movies on television.  Those variences are good.
I am so done with this diet. I did find that the book offered some useful information, but the restrictive diet was not for me.  I was looking for a detoxification diet that was primarily natural and allowed you eat real food.  I am small and not looking to loose weight.  I tend to gain weight in one area.  I have a spare tire that I cannot seem to get rid of.  So, I thought this would a perfect diet to help loose the fat in my waist.  I am originally from South Carolina and to me the meals were flavorless.  I learned to cook with less salt but I need my full arsenal of seasoning to make my dishes shine.  The portions were too small for my active life style and I need some carbs to get adequate calories.  Also, it wasn't easy finding all the organic ingredients required for some of the recipes.  For that matter just finding organic vegetables had me going to various different stores.  At the end of week one I spent about $200 on food and supplements just for me.  I live in NY. If you are on a tight budge (and who isn't), just forget about it.  My family tasted everything but refused to eat most of her meals. They did like the vegetable medley, but that may because I added few extra ingredients (broccoli, asparagus, and celery). My other issue is I felt like I was living in the kitchen (you ever heard of leftovers). Two different meat dishes a day for seven days.  This plan might work for people who can spend the time preparing the meals and maintain a rigid schedule but for how long.  I had alarms going off all day reminding me to eat snacks or drink more cranberry water.  I stuck it out and felt no better, still had the spare tire around my waist, felt constipated, moody, and bloated the entire time, was too week to follow my normal workout routine, lacked energy, and kept waking up in the middle of the night.  For me the diet was too costly, rigid, tasteless, and ineffective.  If you are basically healthy, don't waist your time or money.
I got this book as a birthday present.  Thanks, Honey!  It was on my wish list.  I'm a small boat sailor, it looked interesting.So, I've read it, and thought about it a bit, and read parts again, and listed below is what I think.  Before I tell you what I think, though, I should confess that I'm a multihull sailor.  I like small multihulls, I built one, I sail it, little multis are my sort of boat.  So, I'm not pretending to lack any bias here, I like what I like.Mr. Longyard likes what he likes, too, and it's his book, so he gets to write about it.  What he likes is small boats going a long way, "small" apparently meaning "short waterline", and apparently the shorter the better.  I'm not sure about that.  I'll come back to it.So, the book starts with some history, has a good bit on the Rob Roy and McGregor, a good bit on Fenger and Yakaboo, and in general is very enjoyable when it deals with this sort of kayak like boat.  I suppose my interests and his intersect there; the boats are monohulls, so he thinks they're ok, and they sail well, so I like them.He also gives a short history of the West Wight Potter, which was nice, since I always wondered who thought that was a good idea.  Apparently an early model was being delivered by sea, was unable to claw off a lee shore, was washed up on shore, then trucked around the difficult bit and finished the trip.  This rather mixed achievement was enough to launch the model to success, somehow.  The cheery tone taken in this section, which was when stripped of the superlatives about a boat that was well out of its comfort zone and ended wrecked on the beach, was a little surprising to me.Later, in a section on the rather stupid "shortest "sailboat" to cross the Atlantic" record, the cheery and admiring tone continues.  It's pretty clear that these little four and five foot waterline boats can't sail to windward to any effect, but apparently that's ok.  At one point two of the four foot something 'boats' are described as "windbound" and unable to launch; unusual word, that.  "Windbound".  Sort of a passive voice way of saying they had a headwind and they couldn't sail to windward, which I guess gets to be a serious problem in these things.Both of these sections bugged me.  Treating dangerous, bad boats as cute or stubborn or something else complementary only encourages people to try them.  And it's not like Mr. Longyard can't be critical, or even scathing; the section on California artist Bas Jan Ader, who was lost at sea in a Guppy 13, left me in little doubt what Mr. Longyard thought of that attempt, or of Mr. Ader's artwork.  But apparently it's a good idea to try to cross the Atlantic in a four foot boat.  Ok.Multihulls are almost completely ignored.  A Prindle sailing through the Caribbean gets about a paragraph, the British Newman brothers who sailed an outrigger called "The Spirit of Cleveland" across the Atlantic get a page; I'd love to know more about that boat.  In both cases capsize was mentioned as a terrible menace, which perhaps shows some of the author's feelings on the subject.  Francis Brenton's story is apparently too good to leave out.  His boat (two canoes lashed together) is briefly admitted to being a catamaran, but is thereafter called a 'raft' or a 'dugout canoe'.Wharram crossing oceans in a 23' cat for the first time in the '50s gets not a line.  Nothing on Nicol, nothing on Piver, nothing on Brown.  Nothing on that more recent guy with the nomad lifestyle thing and the Microship trimaran, nothing on that other guy who sailed a Tiki 21 all over the place and back down under.  Nothing about any of the guys who have sailed the Fulmar tris all over, or Ida Little and Michael Walsh who sailed a beachcat all over the Caribbean, or any of the people who have tried or managed to sail a small cat across the Atlantic.  This really does bug me; the book gives unstinting praise to oddball boats which are frankly bad sailors, and to dangerous record chasers in things that are barely sailboats at all, and ignores real sailboats making real passages.  A 'sailboat' of under four feet LOA gets pages of fulsome praise, and Wharram sailing from England across oceans with two young girls as crew and starting a revolution is left out.  What are we doing here?Oh well.  Aside from this rather glaring omission, it's an interesting book.  The writing is brisk, there's enough on each story to set you off to find more if it's to your taste.  I could wish for more pictures, but in the day of the internet I suppose you can all do what I do, and google up each boat as it appears in the book for a better look.  I do wish I could find something, anything, on that dratted "Spirit of Cleveland".There's a nice bibliography at the end of the book, and a section on "Other notable voyages".  I enjoyed seeing Verlen Kruger make the cut, I camped out next to him at the first Watertribe challenge in Florida a few years before he passed away.So, I don't intend to appear unkind about this.  The book is for the most part fine in what it covers.  I do wish we could stop paying attention to silly freakshows like 4' boats sailing across the Atlantic, it only encourages them, but I suppose if I want a book that says what I think I should write it myself.  If you like boats you'll like this book, I think, and you'll certainly run into some stories you hadn't heard before.
I was really hoping to like this book. It's very Daniel Steele-esque and honestly took me far too long to get through. If you're a middle aged woman with a boring sex life, this book might be for you. On the plus side, her descriptions of flora and topography are quite inspiring.Did I mention the chapter on sodomy?
I had to give up after 60 pages,  and scanned the rest.  There was some interest in the way he writes  and his strange, stupid characters.  But it gets tedious after awhile - nothing happening, and certainly NO humor.  What a waste of time.
This reviewer remembers having gone to the office (at a then "Big 5 "accounting firm) one day back in 2000 and having found this so-called book (in actually this "book" more of a pamphlet than a book) on his desk. This reviewer's first reaction was to think it was a joke. He called in one of his staff members to ask if it was a joke and was quickly informed that every employee in the firm had received, like the reviewer, a copy of this "book" at his or her desk. Knowing that the distribution of this book on a wide level usually portends some massive "change" at the office this reviewer was not happy to find out it was not a joke. The reviewer was very tempted to throw out the book but knowing, based on the fact that everyone in the firm received, we could all be out of work it was wise to, instead, keep for something to do while unemployed (that moment came about four months after the book was passed out). After reading it, while unemployed, the reviewer developed a very negative opinion of it (the reasons for this are discussed below).About 13 years later this reviewer saw an employee with this book (at another firm). He thought to himself, was this book really as bad as he remembered it?  After all, he remembered it as one of the most insulting books he had ever read. Perhaps it was just a poor memory (and the years) playing a cruel joke. Hence he decided to re-read it again. Unfortunately, after reading it again, the memories  were only found to be correct. This was truly one of the most insulting books this reviewer had to read, never mind having been given as a "gift". This was the case on so many levels.First of all this "book" is written for 10 year olds, in terms of both style and content. The 80 "page" book had about three paragraphs per page and on just about every other page had a one page picture with a piece of cheese with some short pretentious "philosophical" statement in it (i.e., "move with the cheese and enjoy it", "old beliefs do not lead you to new chees", "having cheese makes you happy", etc.).  It is remarkable how management would even think of giving something out to adults. What were they thinking? That their workforce consists of children who need to be guided by adults (i.e., management)? Insulting, to say the least.As if this was not bad enough, per se, there is the story contained in the book. This is of mice who need to get used to the fact that things change and they need to adapt. Who over six years old does not know this? Does management think their workforce consists of idiots? Another vicious insult. In addition, the implication that employees are mere mice chasing pieces of cheese in a maze is another insult to their workforce. Does management really believe that this is all the workforce really is to them? Nothing more than rodents?Another point that this book makes, implicitly, is that the workforce needs to accept this change, brought about by management, without question and with no critical eye in much the same way that the population of the Soviet Union had to accept the perpetual policy changes made by that nation's leadership without question or thought. Never mind that many of the changes brought by management, especially organizational changes, are more often without rhyme or reason. Another insult.In short, this book does nothing more than insult an entity's workforce in so many ways. Plus it shows how highly management views itself over and above its own workforce. After reading this, one can justifiably ask oneself if management would actually feed its workforce to cats if it lead to larger bonuses for themselves. The only positive benefit is that it makes all of this obvious to the workforce, in and by itself a valuable service.
I enjoyed the first part of &quot;Timeline&quot; quite a bit.  I love the &quot;What in the world is going on here?  This is a fascinating mystery.&quot; feeling that some books inspire.  Unfortunately, after everything is explained, the book takes a turn for the worse and reads more like an action movie screenplay than a novel.  This wouldn't have been a problem except that the action scenes and near brushes with death are so cliched and familiar.  For instance, one of the characters is locked in a cage and slowly lowered into a pit of oily black water.  A fight ensues as his friends battle for their lives and for control of the winch that is lowering him to his death.  This whole scene was so reminiscent of the second &quot;Indiana Jones&quot; movie (but without the humor or the charming rogue of a hero) that it actually left me feeling disgusted over the lack of originality.A further problem was that the characters simply weren't interesting enough for me to care what happened to them.  We're only given a very sketchy description of each one before they are sent into danger, and once they begin their journey, they don't do much except run, hide, and fight for their lives.  There is very little meaningful dialogue or emotion.  Two of the characters are killed almost immediately, but the others never mention it or show any concern.  One of the protagonists, Andre Marek, has an ultimate fate that is so glaringly obvious that the ending is no surprise.  We know what will happen to him from the moment he is introduced.The plot involves a rescue attempt by a group of history students who must find their professor, who is trapped in the past and unable to return to the present.  They are sent back in time, to a date when they know the professor is in trouble.  According to the book, there can be no paradoxes in time travel, so I didn't understand why the students entered the past on that particular date.  Logically, they should have gone back to the point at which the professor first entered the past, before he got into trouble.  Furthermore, since there can be no paradoxes, why weren't the two characters who were killed rescued as well?  It would have been simple enough to, again, send someone back to a point in time a minute before they arrived and warn them.There was, however, one paragraph in the book that I found to be profound.  From chapter 01:13:52:  &quot;In other centuries, human beings wanted to be saved, or improved, or freed, or educated.  But in our century, they want to be entertained.  The great fear is not of disease or death, but of boredom.  A sense of time on our hands, a sense of nothing to do.  A sense that we are not amused.&quot; -page 443  Very true, Mr. Crichton, and I thank you for the insight.
2012-Nov-06Why is the Kindle Version $12 and the paperback $11? THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! The Kindle version should be TWO bucks? maybe THREE bucks? NO manufacture cost, NO shipping cost, Maughm has been DEAD for 47 years... CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN THIS TO ME? WHERE DOTH THE GREED LIE? Publisher? Amazon?[BTW, I love this book. I think all high school students should read it!]Salamat.
I selected this book for a class I was taking about "Medieval in the Modern." It took me, someone who can devour a book in a day, almost two months to read. And I'm not blaming my slow plodding through the book on the length. I'm sure if I was interested, I could have whipped through it. Unfortunately, I wasn't. The story is a retelling of the Arthurian legends from the women's viewpoints, namely Morgaine and Gwenhwyfar. I often felt like the author was trying to make a page quota, because there were hundreds of pages of dialogue (lots of inter) that could have been taken out. The beginning bored me. The middle bored me further. The end picked up and got me interested for a while. However, overall, I was pretty disappointed. I don't think I'll be picking up anymore of the author's books.
The premise is fascinating, but the characters are unpleasant and flat.  What could be a terrific story, with elements of suspense, romance, mystery, drama, and comedy, actually comes off as a shoddily pieced together attempt that lacks a real story.  The author's attempt at depth and meaning is wimpy and the characters are irritating pseudo-intellectuals with a total lack of common sense.  It's impossible to sympathize with either of them.  I'd say this might be entertaining, but it is definitely not what some of these reviews make it out to be.  Try "The Dive From Clausen's Pier" instead.
I would not assign this book into the historical fiction genre.  It they had a category , romantic science fiction , this book would fit into that.  If you are looking for a Penman, Chadwick, Gregory type historical fiction you will be very disappointed.  This has none of the research, writing skills or intensity  contained in the books put out by those authors. This book is a fluff romance with the historical background interchangeable with any time period in the past or future.
Every 2nd line of the text of this book is broken in half and continues on the following line. Now I suspect that with about 1 hours work this could be fixed. Hint. Use MS Word search & replace feature to remove unwanted paragraph breaks that are created in the digital conversion process (I'm pretty sure that this is where it went wrong).How on earth do people market stuff that is so obviously defective?I'm baffled at so many review praising the content - and I don't doubt it's great - but which simply ignore the fact that the text is virtually un-usuable. Is there a better formatted version out there?
Although the subtitle, "why the world looks different in other languages" is, narrowly speaking, a correct representation of this books content, it nevertheless misleads.  The problem is that questions such as "how does this look?" invite comments on shape, similarity to other objects, and so on--not merely color.I was disappointed.  As other unwary readers might hope, as I read chapter after chapter, I was waiting and hoping that Deutscher would move on to other aspects of perception and other language parts than color adjectives.  He did slightly, but only slightly.If you are interested in a broad and deep view of the relationship of language with social culture or of thinking, I recommend that you find some other book.
Ugh! This silly story is just plain badly written.  It's chock full of romance novel cliches, repetitive scenes, one-dimensional cardboard characters, ludicrous situations, pointless violence, boring sex, and not a drop of sensuality or soul to be found on any page.  It's one big yawn.  As a rule I avoid all things Scotland or time travel, but this book has such a devoted following, I decided to try it.  I'll be skipping the sequels; I cannot imagine putting myself through the agony.
Wasted talent. Very sad. Yes the series is entertaining but it's just unending fluff. And this 5th book is just drivel. I'm even more mad at myself because now I will read the next one. All 1400+ pages. What is wrong with me???????I can't quit you Jamie even when the writing sucks.
This book is similiar to sun java security tutorial with little additions specific to weblogic 7.0 and apache axis 1.0. The code examples don't run on j2ee 1.4 platform. The book also needs a new edition with revised examples to include newer security mechanisms with j2se 1.5. Except for chapter 1 - A Security primer, all other chapters are technically obsolete.If you wish to pick a good alternative book, choose Core Security Patterns by Chris Steel et all - that is the best book I have seen for Java security.
I can honestly say that I don't understand what the other reviewers who give this high marks see in it, especially when they call those who don't like it "humor-impaired".  Ignatius is pompous, narcissistic, and boorish, but just having those qualities doesn't make him funny - an author has to do something with a character like that, and Toole doesn't (at least through the first half, after which I gave up because it just got too boring).  He and his mother are much like the characters on Desperate Housewives: having no redeeming qualities that might inspire even a slight bit of sympathy or relating, yet not evil or noxious enough to generate antipathy and interest to see how they might meet some kind of downfall.  Instead you just wish they'd go away and stop bothering you.  But then, I guess there are people who like Desperate Housewives too.
I just hate it when I waste precious time on a knucklehead book. This was one. I couldn't have cared less about these pretentious characters.
This book was so highly recommended that I am astonished to find it unreadable. The narrative flow is repeatedly interrupted by detailed descriptions of irrelevancies. There is, in fact, so much verbal bloat that an editor should have performed major surgery, removing at least 200 pages. And the book is suffused with appalling melodrama. I am flabbergasted that so many people love this book!
I found a number of elements of this book patronizing and demeaning. First, the author constantly reminds the reader that the GNI (gross national income) of the entire continent is greater than that of India, a single country and the country of the author's birth. Second, the author does not clearly reveal whether the African companies that he illustrates have African or foreign owners. I would think that a reader would find this distinction important to assess whether re-colonization takes place or indigenous business growth. Third, if you eliminate the empty flattery, the author would have reduced the book's size in half. In his Preface, the author reveals his motivation for writing the book, his failure to mention Africa in his previous book, The 86% Solution. Guilt provided a poor motivator.
First of all, I don't find Wexford particularly interesting or compelling as a retiree. Either let him go altogether or put him back to work full time.This book was a rambling hot mess. By the time I got to the end of it - I had to finish it as I had no other reading material with me on a plane ride - I could not have cared less about anyone in the book. Too many characters who added little or nothing to the plot. A total lack of continuity: Wexford arrives for lunch as the setting sun streaks the sky with purple and gold. Say what?  Burden has a calendar on his wall before Christmas with pictures of police stations on it. After Christmas, he has a new calendar with pictures of pond life. At the end of the book, there is a photo of a police station on the calendar again. Huh? The cleaning lady comes just about every day. How messy/dirty are these people?One of the minor characters wears spectacularly well-made suits, grows a beard one day, shaves it off the next.. So what?Burden is an idiot who should never have been promoted to his current rank. Wexford is retired and should not be out interviwing suspects. All of them should give up their obsession with food.Nowhere near as good as past offereings from Rendell. So sad.
I don't read many books, and this book is exactly the reason why.  For some reason unbenounced to me, I finished the thing.  I think I thought it might get better.  It didn't.  The end was ok, stuff at least happened.  The middle was VERY long.Here's 90% of the book: some people try to sell them Christmas calendars and (conflict!) they have to say no.  The sellers are mad.  Some people try to sell some fruitcake (conflict!) and they have to say no.  The sellers are mad.  Some people try to sell them a Christmas tree (conflict!) and they have to say no.  The sellers are mad.  Some people tried to get them to make a donation to the police department (conflict!) and they have to say no.  They are mad.  The neighbors want them to put a frosty statue thing on the roof like they all do (conflict!) and they have to say no and everyone's mad.  I'm pretty sure this same thing happened at least a few more times.  It was incredibly tedious to read.  But kind of funny when describing the book like "are you serious, AGAIN?" is what my boyfriend said to me as I told him what happened next.I think it's completely ridiculous that they spend $6,000 every single Christmas.  Who does that?  Are other people in the world (America) like that?!I also did not like that they said that tanning beds are healthier than the sun.Awful book.  Turns me off on reading in general.  Finding good books are too hard.  I tried and ended up reading this one.  Ugh.  This book is the epitome of mass produced novels.
Many sketches and drowing but short on practical info and tips that I was looking for. I may not come back to  it.
This book is thin sizewise and contentwise. It's empty. If you have read some of the best prosperity books out there such asHow to Win Friends & Influence People, orThe Go-Giver: A Little Story About a Powerful Business IdeaorThink and Grow Richdon't waste your money and time on this work. If not, you can do better than this with a quick search on Amazon.The only people that might buy this, are football maniacs wanting to read a self help book while running to catch their plane at the airport. Maybe if the book is located properly at the airport bookstore will it catch their attention. This is the only market out there for this book. They will most likely be disappointed.
Just as bad as his 8051 book in the quality of the English. He probably knows how to program the PIC MCUs, but I couldn't stick around long enough to find out. The book desperately needs an editor, and the publisher should be ashamed of letting a semi-literate author get away with this. It reflects on them as much as on him. The bad grammar and spelling can distract one from the technical errors. And there are plenty of those, partly oversight and partly the author's own shallow understanding.Just opening at random to pp. 178-179, on clock oscillators I learn that &quot;applications that require extreme accuracy allow the use of cheaper clock designs.&quot; How about &quot;do not require&quot;? Then I learn that &quot;an error of 30% to the target speed are not unheard of.&quot; Sure, that's just English, but gee whiz, it's that way through the book. Then I learn that the circuit uses a &quot;Schmidt trigger,&quot; presumably the German version of the well-known Schmitt trigger. Lower on the page I find &quot;Crystals and ceramic resonators delay the propagation of a signal a set amount of time. This set amount is dependent on how the crystal is cut.&quot; If ever an author were asked to demonstrate that he hasn't a clue about how a crystal works, he couldn't find a better way. And so forth. It's that way on every page.He probably knows the PIC processors pretty well, and I won't take that away from him. One pass through the book by a competent copy editor, and another by a real electronic expert could easily turn this into a much shorter, coherent, accurate, and useful book, but neither of those has happened.All his books seem to have a strange combination of rave reviews and pans, with very little in between. That's unnatural, and the explanation that jumps to mind is bothersome.
I am a dedicated dividend investor and I regard this book as a waste of time or worse.  The beginning of the book is dedicated to self vouching and a claim of superior knowledge.  The middle portion addresses personal finance management suitable for a high schooler, a dim one at that.  Allow me to summarize: spend less than you earn.  When he reveals his grand insights, it turns out that he is a momentum trader! There is little academic insight and he glosses over the core aspects of dividend investment such as yield growth.
Most academic texts are poorly written, but this one is exceptionally bad. Some passages almost appear to be intended as a parody of academic writing. Also, the authors excessively use acronyms (which they do not list in their glossary).Suffer through this text if you must.
Many people in America are reluctant to confront authority.When they say this is a good novel and they are the "authority" , what is thenmy natural reaction?  This novel reminds me very much of the novel Babbittthat I was forced to read for English literature and the author seems to bewithout the connection to his extreme in materialism. ( He seems tothink he is a liberal.) I got to really dislike the protagonist in the first 100 pagesand even to dread reading more of his overationalizing morbidity.I was left longing for the sincere freshness of Sinclair Lewis!Making a point in some worthwhile theme would be good.Woody Allen makes his points more clearly and maybewith less name dropping . There is no convincing change ...the hero doesn't get the point when he allows harm to come to his son.It doesn't really seem to get through: mowing his lawn isn't a radicalchange in behavior. He says a lot without ever saying anything:he writes well without ever making a point.He describes much without seeming to be able to find any meaning in what he sees.I had a very negative reaction to this form of intellectualism.I suppose that there must be some method here , but for me it is lost in excessive verbiage.I prefer Tortilla Flats or Sweet Thursday where the point is in the results...I keep asking the author to actually understand something in his ownreality. Obfuscation with window dressing of intellectualism...If the protagonist were actually in touch with himself,he'd put rocks in his pocket and walk into a river ( or someoneelse would do it for him?). Calling this novel a literary master piece seemsto me to be a a form of intellectual sadomasochism: a lie.
This book is possibly a good read for starters in the options world, but for people like me who already know what a vertical spread, gamma, an ircon condor, ... is can skip this book. It starts by making a nice comparison with an insurance company, which is nice, but it stays very theoretical. Some examples of the flash crash of 2010 are interesting, but no new material is presented. Then the book goes on on money management and position sizing, which is exactly the same as in other books on risk management.Later in the book (and here is where it goes wrong) we get a long chapter explaining all the various option strategies we have all read about a dozen times. A vertical call is introduced, the IC strategy, a calendar spread and finally a ratio spread (now I start to think of it, it's always explained in this order). I doubt most readers of this book will have learnt something new after reading this chapter.On the end there is sort of FAQ on options with elaborated answers, which was kind of good written, but again I learnt nothing new.After writing this review I still think 2 stars is generous. Five stars for this book I simply cannot understand (although other reviewers seem to disagree with me).
First, this is a nicely laid out book but paying over $70.00 to only have 2 licenses is a complete scam and truly devalues the use of having Amazon's Kindle installed on anything. To the publishers, come on man, stop the gouging because this book IS NOT effing worth over $100.00 in soft copy or hard copy. Amazon, shame on you for allowing it to be purchased on your website. Then again, Amazon allows price gouging and I've seen it many times here where an item that is only $25.00 is being sold for $25,000.00. I'm sure Amazon pockets the money. Also, I hate my Kindle Fire, it is as useful as paperweight and has very little memory for a decent e-book collection and I REFUSE to buy a new one with the blatant advertising blasted everywhere. The new Kindle Fire should be free if you're going to shove ads down our throats. Also, your caving into California's ridiculous tax scheme further devalues Amazon purchases for any of its CA customers; shame on you for letting Gerry Bear get to you! Anyway, I hope somebody scans this whole book and posts it on the Internet because you greedy you know whats truly deserve a back-lashing. Don't buy this book unless you're a student and have no choice, but return it after you're done! Don't let these greedy people make more profit than they deserve.
The most interesting character was the killer, the others just took up space. I don't usually skip over large sections, but the unnecessary descriptions slowed the storyline too much and I found myself skimming when I really wanted to be involved in the plot. I was minimally bored and just wanted to get it over with. Won't buy another from this author. Interesting title, though.
OK, the book was published in 2000. But it still seems to me that if you call your book "The New Rules..." they ought to be somewhat useful and somewhat timeless. Unfortunately, the "rules" in this book are neither. For example "The e-customer expects to be in control." Well, yah...but so has every customer in recorded history. Auto dealers get a bad rap when they obviously and purposely deny any sense of control. In later chapters we get tips like "Don't send unsolicted messages." Even (back) in 2000 (several years after the first successful anti-SPAM lawsuits) this was a no brainer. Instead, check out Shapiro's "Control Revolution" -- written a year earlier (1999) it's still relevant. If you're new to the discipline and haven't already, check out "Permission Marketing" or "Cluetrain Manifesto." They too provide a sense of history...and a lot more insight.
A coworker recommended WHO MOVED MY CHEESE? because of all the changes happening my place of employment. He implied this book was a no nonsense approach to dealing with change and actually seeing the positive in change.I just finished the book and realize two things. Author Spencer Johnson gives us a common sense story about change and even more importantly, you'll pay $19.95 for the honor of reading this rather silly approach to dealing with change and it's all in 95 compact pages (with drawing of blocks of cheese with motivational sayings.)Did I just spend almost $20 on a story about two mice and two extremely tiny "Littlepeople" named Hem and Haw? Is this a glorfied childrens' story? OK, the idea can be quaint as our 4 heroes live near a maze that magically has cheese to satisfy their every need. But one day the cheese disappears and what are our heroes to do?Certainly, the author makes a lot of obvious observations on the need to be prepared for change before it inevitably will happen. Change is a constant in our lives and we should never be to comfortable in our situations.It's clear that WHO MOVED MY CHEESE? has moved and inspired countless people. I would have preferred a stronger book about dealing with change. The price still shocks me and the $19.95 could have been better spent.
Willie Traynor was born in Memphis, but was educated in at Syracuse.  That makes him an outsider, and perhaps a Northerner, in the eyes of small-town Clanton, Mississippi residents.  When this fresh out-of-college youngster takes the reigns of the failing local newspaper, therefore, success is dubious.  Luckily for Mr. Traynor, a horrifying murder is just the headline to shock his newspaper back to profitability.A young widower and mother is brutally raped and murdered by Danny Padgitt, the scion of an influential outlaw family.  Where once the Padgitt family was treated with fearful deference, Willie attacks head-on with bold front page stories and incriminating photography at substantial risk to himself and his business,.Danny Padgitt is ultimately convicted, but surprisingly is spared the death penalty.  In open court, he swears revenge on the jury.  By greasing the wheels of the Mississippi penal system, the Padgitt family succeeds in getting Danny released after serving only 9 years.  Then, jurors start dying.Though the plot is not without interest, this is certainly not one of John Grisham's better novels.  The foreshadowing, in particular, seems heavy-handed and will probably, for many, ruin or at least dampen any surprise at the conclusion.  I, having decided I had "figured out" the book about halfway through, found it difficult to slog through the last portion of the novel.  Likewise, the "Southern" color is laid on pretty heavily and, though I can claim to be no expert, appears fake-y.  Bountiful home-cooked meals fixed by a heavy-set, strongly religious, older black woman, for some reason, sets off my cliche-dar.  I also found the narrative point-of-view distracting.  The book felt, to me, more like an odd memoir than a riveting crime/legal thriller.The book, however, does have the courtroom drama and the supporting extra-judicial action that makes a novel a Grisham novel.  The writing is easy and breezy - just the thing to pass some time on a beach or an airplane.  As a bonus, you may recognize some of the characters and settings from some of Grisham's other books - perhaps the beginning of a series exploring the depths of Clanton, Mississippi?
I was assigned to read this for a college course and from the very beginning, I was already having trouble getting through it. Right in the first chapter, for example, there was a criticism of the naming convention of the IBM processors (which I have no opinion about in either direction). While that could've been a valid point in terms of the product's identity, marketability, etc., the author just rants off in an irrelevant, opinionated huff that accomplishes nothing whatsoever. What could have been an opportunity to educate readers is lost in favor of the author taking the opportunity to air his opinion. --The tone of the book suffers greatly for this authoritative and pretentious writing style.This isn't the only problem, because if it were, I'd gladly ignore the occasional rantings in favor of the factual meat of it. The problem is that there's also a clear lack of direction and coherence in the sentences throughout the book. It's as if the author just started writing with no clear goal for each sentence, paragraph, page, etc. and so things seem to trail off to no where. I'll start reading certain paragraphs, end up at the end of them and start looking around for signposts, wondering how I ended up so far from where I began. As such, there's this constant feeling that any fifty pages could've easily been turned into ten or twenty without losing any educational value, simply if the author had taken his time to move through the points to be addressed in a clear and logical progression without any circling around, going off and coming back, or dreaded filler. This is all quite a shame because one can tell simply by reading the book that the author is very knowledgeable about the subject matter. Unfortunately, writing a book isn't only dependent upon one's knowledge, it's also quite dependent upon one's ability to write!I'd personally recommend seeing what else is out there if one has a choice on the matter. This is because, though I cannot say I feel I wasted my money on this book, I do feel as if reading it wastes my time to an unparalleled degree. The sheer magnitude of time I've spent trying to pry meaning from the vastness and incoherence of this book is not something I'd wish upon any other human being.
I don't know what I was expecting from this book.  I found it with a sign that said "free" outside the English department of my University, so "hey, why not?"I haven't even finished it, but I know it won't do much for my soul.  I kind of thought it would be more spiritual, but it is just some nonsensical passages that seem too obvious to be profound in any way.Richard rides around in a plane with Don, who also has a plane.  They discuss random things. Richard looks up to Don and Don tries to teach him the ways of becoming a Messiah.  At one point, Dracula is conjured up in an image and then just exits the scene.  I guess this is to prove a point, but it just doesn't seem to flow with the rest of the book.Okay, so the point is everything is an illusion, or you know, we make our own destiny, blah blah.  If you need a book to tell you that, you were never meant to control your destiny at all.
With a decades-long legacy of being used to torture schoolchildren, Night is indeed a pillar of modern establishment culture.  It remains to determine what kind of a pillar it is.The official holocaust story claims that Jews were exterminated in gas chambers, but according to Night the Germans used giant flaming pits to exterminate the Jews, who willingly marched into said pits when the Germans told them to.  Wiesel does not mention gas chambers at all.  In reality, giant flaming pits wouldn't work as a method of extermination.  A fire hot enough to cremate people is much too hot to approach.  The Germans would have needed a catapult to throw people onto the fire, which isn't part of Wiesel's story.  The coup de grace is the collection of aerial photos of Auschwitz taken by allied planes in 1944.  These photos show little or no smoke, and in particular no giant flaming pits for exterminating thousands of people.Wiesel has a history of fabrication.  For instance, he famously told a story about reading the Critique of Pure Reason in Yiddish just after being liberated - but the Critique of Pure Reason had not been translated into Yiddish.  The only reason Night is famous is that it is presumed to be true, or at least closely based on a true story.  In fact, it is only a sea of fabrications.  As pure literature it is embarrassingly bad.  Avoid.
A weak attempt first to attack the mindless Christmas hustle of Suburban America, then to pretend it's really wonderful because it might magically bring out the best in your neighbors. Never mind that they've tried so hard to torment you the rest of the time.The only hope for redemption for this book is that Grisham was making light of Yuppie suburbanites' pathetic inability to say no to spending money on anyone or anything, especially at Christmas, and for already spoiled children. If so, he does a lousy job by pretending they redeem themselves in a preposterously improbable ending.When reading this, you will say "now, nobody would ever be that stupid" about a hundred times. Because nobody is, and if they are, you sure don't want to read about them, even if it is only a measly 170 pages.As such, this reads much like a 9th grade essay on what's bad about Christmas written by a kid who figures out at the end he'd better hedge his bets and say something good or he might not get anything from Santa.Grisham should go back to writing the same legal drama over and over and over again, and leave Dickens alone.
i love this author, but this book was not on par, boring read. i was disappointed as i love her work!
More of a commercial operation than an attempt to bring out a good introductory text on HTML and CSS authoring, this text is very concise, direct and no fluff, but also dry and lacking in  through explanations and examples. One of the most interesting application of CSS, layout management without tables, is relegated to the last chapter and receives just a cursory treatment. Also be warned that half of the book is dedicated to basic HTML tags which you should really be already familiar with unless you have lived in a cave for the last 10 years. Don't buy this book if you are interested in design. It is not a bad book after all, if you are totally new to the subject and looking for an easy and direct introduction just to get your feet wet, but from an author of the caliber and reputation of Molly  Holzschlag I was expecting something more inspired and inspiring. My advice is stay clear form this book and use freely available web tutorials if you really need some material now, and wait till "CSS Hands-On Training" by Eric A. Meyer comes out. That should be the right book to give you decent training and inspiration on CSS.
If you are looking for a good background on Harry Hole and what makes him tick, or if you want to demystify the otherwise obscure references to his Australian adventure that occur in later novels' then this is a &#34;must-book&#34; to read.  However on its own merits thus novel is marred by too many travelogue anecdotes.  If you skim through these, this is a fun read with some good characters and a cinematic closing.
If you are recently divorced, and even slightly depressed about it, you may want to wait awhile before reading Berg's saga of how one woman &quot;rebuilds&quot; her life after divorce.  Berg chose to handle her subject in a rather discouraging  manner (at least it seemed that way to this reader), and I believe she failed to show any real growth in Samantha, David, Travis, or even King. (Her main characters.)  As for Samantha's &quot;rebuilding&quot; of her life, it seemed unfortuante that Berg chose to illustrate this by having Samantha find a new relationship at the book's end.  To me, this novel was a chronicle of the daily (escapist) activities of the newly divorced Samantha.  Frankly, I thought her activities and coping strategies were depressing!  I often found myself agreeing with Samantha's (sometimes insensitive) friend Rita, who (at least) encouraged Sam to pick herself UP already and get on with her life!  If you want to read about a woman who truly &quot;makes it on her own&quot; after divorce, I don't think you will find what you're looking for in this book.  However, if you like a &quot;typical&quot; happy ending, you might enjoy the read.
The Sound and the Fury, Faulkner's novel about the decline of a Southern family, has been enthroned in the pantheon of English literature, primarily because of Faulkner's use of stream of consciousness.By beginning with the mentally-retarded Benjy as narrator, Faulkner assures that the reader has virtually no idea what's going on (other than that Caddy smells like trees) for the first quarter of the book. Quentin's section isn't much better. In both cases, Faulkner jumps around chronologically with no regard for the reader. Faulkner makes it worse by giving each section a date, which in Benjy's and Quentin's cases only makes it more confusing, since he doesn't adhere to it at all.Is this stream of consciousness realistic? That's hard to say. Certainly not for everyone. Even if it is, so what? It's frustrating, and it isn't particularly interesting. Even if one grants that Faulkner has masterfully displayed the way the human mind works, so what?What Faulkner does well is emotions. This novel is filled with powerful displays of emotion, which Faulkner does an excellent job of showing rather than telling. As such the second half of the novel, which is for the most part straightforward and linear, is quite compelling.So why is this novel considered so great? Because it's so challenging and difficult? It's much easier to defend The Sound and the Fury as a literary exercise than as a novel, as half of it is all but incoherent. Certainly it isn't a novel for casual reading. There is some very worthwhile writing here, but for many readers, it just isn't worth it.
While Coetzee's prose can be beautiful and concise, it pales in comparison to the monstrosity that is his moral subject and topic, post-apartheid south africa and a liberal woman. The author's conviction about Lucie, for example, is really the elephant in the room, because he believes that a woman would wave her rights in order to free herself of a subconcious/conscious guilt. Lucie's convictions equate to a liberal masochism, which is sexual or other gratification from hurting oneself. The theory is that liberalism, namely white liberalism, is a suicide, a giving oneself up to the powers of the world.After two years since reading Disgrace and other reviews here,that's what I have come to realize.However, the way I explained it when I read the book was that the author didn't write a cogent or coherent novel, it didn't make sense characterization or dialogue. I put all the problems of the book, its moral ambiguity (or evil, as some might say), to the author's own incompetence. Why else would a white, rational, liberal--any political leaning--woman give up the right of her own reproductive system? I simply thought Coetzee didn't know what he was doing, because the alternative--that he knew exactly what he was doing and doing it to make a point--didn't seem possible.I suppose I was naive, yet I do think Foe, another book by Coetzee, is just as awful and poorly executed as Disgrace is. Now I am left wondering what the Nobel prize even stands for if they could award it to a hack like Coetzee? The ending of Apartheid must have had a profound effect on Coetzee, on what he thought and wrote, and Disgrace may be his awkward way of telling the world he didn't understand 'why' it ended.Disgrace leaves everything bare on the table: apartheid's end was confusing for a lot of white south africans, and doesn't make much sense now as it did in 89.
I just can't say that Michael Crichton hasn't the Gift to write. Yes, he does. The problem is that he's too much worried about research. I'm not saying that an author who's writing about a subject he/she doesn't dominate  shouldn't research about it. But Michael Crichton is so worried about it  that his books sometimes seem to be written only to those people who  understand about it. And instead of a good entertainment, we have in our  hands an instructions guide. That's exactly what happens to AIRFRAME. The  plot is filled with information about those biggest airplanes and their  structure and the whole thing. Boring. Boring. Boring.
Had assumed that the book was a collection of the traditional logical fallacies with examples from real life.  What I discovered was an adulterated hybrid of Jamie Whytes worldview.  He clearly has a much inflated opinion of his capacity for knowing and understanding all things both sacred and profane.He betrays his anti God worldview by assuming the negative whenever topics of a spirtual nature are raised, such as faith and the supernatural realm.If Jamie Whyte cannot comprehend and evaluate something according to the capacity of his five senses, it simply is not there nor is it worthy of serious consideration.The book is primarily an apology for the secular worldview, laced here and there with a few genuine examples of 'logical fallacies'.Here ,you will discover an admixture of some good examples, richly overlayed with his polemics against the religions of the world, and Christianity in particular.I am reminded of the parable of the ants at the bottom of a garbage can, who had agreed that the world was simply a round, grey galvanized metal which reached upwards for infinity.  Those ants 'few there were' who had the audacity to suggest that perhaps there was another world beyond the metal layer, were chided as being backward and ignorant of what was clearly present to their view.
This textbook is good at explaining easy concepts like graphing, tree traversals, and simple algorithms. While I'm not knocking this fact, these things are so easy to understand you can pick them up using Google. Unfortunately, when it comes down to advanced topics of discrete math, the book is terribly weak.By advanced topics, I mean things that you'll likely encounter in computer science theory. This is essentially what discrete math is for, so this is important. The discussions on recursion, analysis of computational complexity, recurrence relations, and especially proof by contradiction and induction are all too short, too abrupt, and too weak. Though examples are provided, they are too simple and do little to bring you to actual understanding of these difficult concepts. There are titanic tracts about cycles, paths, and all sorts of algorithms to deal with these. While interesting and often useful, this isn't what I was looking for. The author should really have focused more on the discrete math, leaving the interesting algorithms to data structure textbooks.I should probably note here that I've already learned all of this material and was using this book as a reference. Even then, it was still difficult to figure out what the author was doing! I wouldn't even recommend the text to someone intending to use it purely for review, and would warn those with no knowledge of the subject to steer well clear.
The "theories' the authors of this book think they have arrived at are hypothetical; they have found no solid evidence to support their notion that the founders of the medieval frankish state of Francia, the Merovee clan, were descdendants of Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalen, who they guess, (with absolutely no support at all) sailed from Judea and landed in southern Gaul in the early first century.What they do is they present to the reader something curious which they have found, that defies explanation on known fact; they follow a process of elimination through every conceivable list of reasonable conclusion, and then, having exhausted said list, they invent an explanation.They recount their doing this countless times throughout the book; and then pin it all on a lonely figure they found living in Paris in the late 70s, one M. Plantard, who claimed to be a direct descendant of the Merovees. M. Plantard knows nothing (until and unless he read this book some time after being interviewed by its authors) about his being a descendant of The Christ. The authors claim he had knowledge of a conspiracy kept alive through the centuries, through a nebulous society called the Priore de Sion, which was (or is, according to the authors) devoted to putting the Merovingians back into power throughout Europe. While the Sion consipiracy, rendered more crackpot while each passing generation in Europe makes the idea of a unified, unitary monarchy increasingly impracticle and absurd, the connection of Christ to it is evidently manufactured by Messeurs Lincoln, et al.As an historian at the University of Virginia put it, the whole thing is a stack of cards founded on another stack of cards. It may be fun reading (especially as the authors are seen hi-jacking real historical events, like the anti-Cathar crusades, and trying to appropriate them as supports for their absurd hypotheses).But hey, if you are looking for something to put on the back top of your toilet in the guest bathroom, along side your copies of PEOPLE or VOGUE or whatever, for guests to read when working out private matters, then this may be just the item!
I'm not normally a romance novel reader so I hesitated to buy this book.  The time travel element seemed interesting so I decided to give it a try.  I knew it had some explicit sex scenes so that part of the book wasn't surprising.  What was surprising was how dark the book went towards the end of the story.  For the most part, the book is very light-hearted.  It pretty much follows the standard romance novel playlist: boy meets girl, they don't like each other, they fall madly in love, a 3rd prty intervenes and causes problems, in the end they get back together and there is a happy ending.  The difference here is when the husband is tortured and repeatedly raped by a military official!  Hello, this book left the tracks toward the end.  There's no reason why this story had to go so dark and disturbing.  Adding those scenes did not make this a better story; for me it ruined it.  I cannot recommend this book and I will absolutely not be reading the rest of the series.
I had to read this book for our book club. I was hopeful, not many books are suggested that don't have some redeeming quality. But this one, I could have put it down and never picked it up again except that I had to finish it so I could trash it properly.In the book when 36 year old Henry meets meets 6 year old Clare, for the first time for her, he is naked in a field behind her house.  This is met with little fanfare.  This genetic disorder of 'time travel' is not commonly accepted or even known as a disease until Clare is thirty something in the book.  I would think a six year old would react differently.  Instead we are led to believe that within 12 years and a few sparse meetings throughout her adolescent years the still virgin (except for the rape) Clare is ready to 'make love' to him on her 18th birthday.  He time travels every time, naked.  He must steal, lie, B and E, to get what he needs everytime he time travels, except of course when he meets up with the unfortunate Clare, who at her tender age befriends him.  This is so unrealistic, even for sci-fi.  Granted, he comes from the vantage point of knowing that he marries her later.  She knows nothing of this future, but for years puts her life on hold for a naked 36 year old guy in her back yard.  Give me a break.  This is only the tip of the iceburg of the trash contained in this book.  If I wanted to read this kind of trash, I'd get out my old Harrold Robbins novels.Yes this book is being tauted as THE book to read.  I wish I could erase it from my brain now.  It is not worth the money to buy.  At least I didn't spend any money on it, except the gas money to the library.
Too many unanswered questions.  Too many cop-outs.  The climax involving the old man is straight from an old Star Trek episode and is such a literary cheat that I am shocked so many reviewers could praise this aimless nonsense.Warning: Ugly cruelty to cats and the mentally incompetent.
I don't seem to have received this item, yet.  I cannot, therefore, rate it correctly.
There are too many other really good books in the world to waste your time reading this one.  While the writing may be considered well done, there is not a single character with whom I would choose to associate.  My friend told me the book was funny, but I failed to find humor.  I thought Ignacious (the main character) was just ridiculous and about half way through, I decided I had had enough of him--and all the rest--and stopped reading.
This book is a classic but the subject is better treated elsewhere.  The book will get the job done and has some good exercises, but if you're like me, you'll get fed up with the goofy notation and endless rambling examples.  It's easy to get lost in all the rambling and lose focus on what's important.
Other reviewers have pointed out that this is not a layman's book by any stretch -- it's jargony, poorly organized, and difficult to read.  I have to say that I also found it to be offensive in the extreme, particularly the sequences regarding the highly fictionalized overweight man trying to diet.  See poor slob Henry try to live on nothing but carrots, but his willpower is so weak that he wolfs down a two-pound chocolate bar!  The whole scenario is so over-the-top that it makes me wonder how "true" their other case studies are.Can't recommend.
Outer Limits Episode With John CryerVanishing Act 1996From IMBD WebsiteA man is visiting a store in 1949, when he has a car accident. He hitches a ride home, only to find that his angry bride believes that he left her 10 years prior -- magazines show the date as 1959. After a brief make-up, he wakes up to find that his wife has re-married, he has a 9-year-old son, and the year is 1969. After another "event", it's 1980, and he hasn't aged a day. His family tries to figure out what is causing it.7/30/2009YUP MOVIE NOW OUT - STILL OUTER LIMITS RIP OFFSAVE YOUR MONEY
This book was originally published in 1986 and was carelessly updated in about 2003 as far as I can tell. It's a lazy re-hashing of the stereotypes that we all though long gone -- the Brits live in boring surroundings with furniture that dates back to WWII, for example. It references television shows such as The Dukes of Hazzard and Dallas, people like Tony Blair, George Bush,(both father and son) and even Margaret Thatcher, who resigned from office 23 years ago. I am British and have lived in the US for 30 years. Maybe this book would have been relevant when I was a newcomer, but not now. It's not clever, and it's not amusing and it is largely out of date. Not recommended.
I bought Dealing With People You Can't Stand when I was locked in a one year lease on a loft with a roommate that was driving me nutty.  So nuts that I didn't speak to her for a month at one point.  Unfortunately, this book left me very unsatisfied.  It is a general guidebook for getting along better with others, but it isn't specific; it's a rather simple self-help book.Later, I found two books that changed my outlook on the various ways people (mis)behave, and my interactions with them.  The first was "Please Understand Me II:  Temperament, Character, Intelligence" by David Keirsey.  It is an introduction to personality type which started with Carl Jung's ideas on the subject, and was developed further by Meyers & Briggs.  Filling out the book's questionnaire and reading about my own personality type was like having my life story told by someone that knew me better than my best friend or sibling.  Identifying the various personalities of others I knew was incredibly revealing as well.The second book, a natural companion to "Please Understand Me II," is "Survival Games Personalities Play" by Eve Delunas.  This book uses personality type to reveal the dark flip sides you encounter when people of varying personalities are angry or stressed.  At some point you've probably said about someone you know that he or she weren't themselves.  Ms. Delunas writes extensively about how to both deal with these situations, and how she has helped family members better relate and change the way they respond to each other in her own clinic.  If these books only helps you to understand why that jerk you know is driving you crazy and why you respond the way you do, it will be well worth the purchase price. Even more so if it helps you improve your relations with them.I couldn't recommend these two books more highly.  I strongly recommend buying them as a pair, since the first book introduces you to personality type and describes each type of person(ality) as they normally are, and the second describes what and why each type of person does when they're upset.  Does the person you know backstab, or do they go silent?  Do they bitch and whine?  Find out why, and what you can do about it.  Then understand yourself better.  I have never seen people the same way since I read these two books.  They've been tremendously helpful to me.
This is beyond doubt the most boring, inane, go-nowhere book I have ever read.  Luckily I got it for $1.25 at a used book store.  I like to give a book a chance, so I read to page 46, then couldn't stand it any more.I don't understand what the big hype is over this book.  Was it "cool" back in the fifties to like it because of all the swear words??  I guess I just don't get it.  It's going back to the bookstore where I got it!
Well, I tried to ignore the patriarchal hogwash and handwave the classist claptrap, but I couldn&#8217;t get past the massive &#8220;ick&#8221; factor of this romance (first published in 1926).This age difference alone (21 years) isn&#8217;t necessarily problematic, but I saw no indication that Justin and Leonie had anything in common, any intellectual meeting of the minds, or anything other than a huge power imbalance.We are told our heroine is 19 years old, but she apparently looks younger and every character in the novel constantly refers to her as a child. She obliges by behaving like an annoying, giddy, preteen. Considering it wasn&#8217;t uncommon for a 19-year-old to be married, the &#8220;child&#8221; appellation just strikes me as bizarre and I suspect the character was originally conceived to be younger than 19. In any case, it seems our hero is attracted to very immature young ladies so as soon as he discovers her secret, he sets out to groom her, abetted by his family.The story finally picks up when there is an abduction, and I had hopes that our hero&#8217;s younger (and more age-appropriate) brother would supplant him. These hopes were dashed.Even at the end, when Justin tells Leonie that surely she would prefer a younger man, unlike Eliza Doolittle in G.B. Shaw&#8217;s &#34;Pygmalion,&#34; I never got the feeling she was capable of making any other choice. Ick. I might have found the resolution more palatable if Justin and Leonie exhibited some character growth, but I saw no increase of understanding with either of them.I still enjoy many of Heyer&#8217;s other novels, especially &#34;Bath Tangle&#34; and &#34;The Nonsuch,&#34; but not this one.
It's an interesting concept for a historical novel, sharing the story of Lady Jane Grey, teenaged queen of England for only a few days before being confined to the Tower and eventually beheaded.  What events brought her to that point?  What kind of person was she?  The author tries to answer some of these questions while entertaining the reader.  In general, I think she did better at entertaining than at answering those questions.In general the read was enjoyable, but there were some significant negatives:1) There is a gratuitous rape scene with explicit descriptions.  It's speculation as to whether such a thing occurred, but even if it did, it could easily have been handled by seeing her in the morning bruised and bleeding.  This was a big negative for me.2) The use of a large number of 1st-person narrators, approximately 10 (though the vast majority of the narration is confined to a smaller number).  Every few pages the point-of-view changed to someone else, all speaking in the 1st person and not always well distinguished in voice.  You have to be careful to look at the section header to know who is talking.  I think it would have been better if the list had been narrowed down a bit, or perhaps to have used a 3rd person omniscient narrator.3) The language was quite modern at times.  Turns of phrase that it's quite obvious were not from the time period.As for answering the questions about Lady Jane Grey, the author does very little to make it clear what is pure speculation, what is educated guesswork, and what is established from source material from the time period.  Beyond the basic framework of the succession of the throne from person to person, there was very little I knew that I could accept as truth.  I feel there should have been an extended author's note or chapter end notes making it clear where this all came from.  I wanted to be entertained, but I wanted to know what was truth, what was fiction, and what was leaning one way or the other.Overall, I'd say to pass on this book.  In the end, I think it falls short both in the categories of history and fiction.
I'm a portfolio manager for a hedge fund, so I have some experience with analysts and a lot of aspects of Wall Street that McClellan outlines in the book.First, the positives.  The part about analysts is absolutely right.  Analysts and investment banks are not there to cater to individuals -- they are there to provide support to commission-generating clients, who are large institutions and hedge funds.  These funds pay quite a bit for the research, either through commissions or direct payments.  Individuals don't pay anything... so individual investors get what they pay for.  If you stop and think about it, this shouldn't be a surprise.  My experience with analysts is always this: they know everything about the companies they cover, but they have little to no ability to draw good conclusions from that information.  I don't know of a single major financial institution that allows an analyst to trade based on his or her analysis.  There's a reason for it.And now the negatives.The inability to draw sound conclusions shows up in the rest of the book.  McClellan shouldn't be giving investment advice -- it is atrocious.  Most of the time it is contradictory and uninformed, sometimes he is just reckless.  He claims you should invest in themes that will be big -- for example, 2 years ago, commodities were great.  Or 25 years ago, computers were just becoming a big deal.  But who knew at the time??  These themes are obvious in hindsight, but I challenge anyone to identify that theme today.  Social networking (which you can't even buy)?  Solar power?  Nanotechnology?  Genome sciences?  Broadband infrastructure?  Something completely different?He claims buy small companies with large revenue growth.  However, they should also be listed on the NYSE, not the NASDAQ, which many might find at odds with the "small company" part.  Other tips of his: don't invest in mutual funds or internationally.  Avoid tech.  Don't diversify.So out of all this, buy small NYSE-listed companies with double digit revenue growth, highly profitable, and trade at low multiples in industries that are going to be hot, but just haven't been identified by the general public.  There are so many problems with this, I don't even know where to start.  It's equivalent to him saying, "Put most of your money in the 7 companies you think will be the next MSFT.  By the way, you should have invested in MSFT 25 years ago when it had its IPO... except you'd be breaking my investing rules by buying NASDAQ stocks, tech stocks and IPOs."But especially dangerous is his advice for investors in down markets -- if stocks are about to go down a lot, just sell and wait until things go up again.  And don't buy if the markets are going even lower.  And how exactly are you supposed to know if markets are headed higher or lower?  McClellan conveniently keeps that "Wall Street secret" to himself.  Oh, and another tip from McClellan: Be calm about your trading and ride out all of the ups and downs in the market -- don't sell if your stocks go down.Huh?He claims to be a value investor a la Buffett, but this is certainly not the case.  Even Buffett points out that nearly everyone should just invest their money in an index fund and not think about it; be happy with average, at least you're not getting killed by Wall Street and hedge funds.  McClellan wants you to believe that everyone can have above average returns.  Don't believe a word of it -- it's the same garbage every other Wall Street house and snake oil salesman wants you to believe to get commissions, subscriptions, and royalties out of you.Key takeaways: Analysts are not helpful for the individual investor.  Ignore their "price targets" and their stock rating -- they won't help you.  But after the last 10 years of insanity in the markets, what investor doesn't at least suspect this?I don't recommend this book.  There are so many better books out there about investing that lead to these same conclusions about analysts.  Burton Malkiel's A Random Walk Down Wall Street does this with a more rational approach to investing, so stick with the classics.
I tried to enjoy THOHH, I really did. After reading the stellar reviews, I actually felt guilty that I'd read hundreds of horror novels, yet had overlooked this 'classic'.Jackson's descriptions of the house, at times, are haunting in of themselves. But the characters! Ugh! They are quite plastic and stale. The one character who *IS* interesting doesn't appear until page 179 of this 254 page vignette. Nothing scary or sinister happens until page 200. And when Jackson has an opportunity to create some real horror (chapter 5, part 4) she leaves it alone! Not only does she not elaborate in a following chapter, she drops the whole scene entirely! She'd created what was a disturbing event . . . then seemed to have forgotten about it.I am truly confused as to why so many people look upon this book as a 'classic'. Perhaps, in its day (1959 was when it was written) it was considered 'groundbreaking'. But there are far better books in this genre . . . the trick is weeding out the good ones from the bad . . . and not relying too much on the number of stars it's given on Amazon.
This is light, light reading. The book is one big metaphor that never materializes in practical measures. The rules of instant transformation are like fortune cookie statements and the anecdotes about people from the authors seminars sound like the worst television scripts. Pass on this. There are lots of books on similar topics that would be better.
The artwork is wonderful, it's colourful and attractive, it's too bad the story is repetitive in a non-positive way and boring for the most part.  The grouchy lady bug is not a sympathetic character at all, and not one that I would want my children mimicking.
At the heart of the book is an excellent detective story of perhaps 100 pages which matches the better pieces of Agatha Christie. The trouble is that Grisham padded it out to a full-scale novel by throwing in everything but the kitchen sink: Missipppi corrupt politics, black history and cooking, the Viet Nam war, and so on. There should be a law against such blatant padding!
I bouht this book first, lost me by chapter 3, bought homework helper for chemistry or something like that... Much better book!!! I'll try and use this book some how, later once i understand it more...gg
I still remember how excited I was nine years ago for The Fiery Cross.  I had torn through the first four books in a matter of days.  My mother and my best friend had read them too and we were constantly dissecting the subject of Jamie and Claire and their adventures.  I stalked online message boards devoted to the series and even started going to Scottish festivals as a result of picking up an interest in the culture from reading the Outlander series (and watching Braveheart).  In short, I was a huge, diehard fan.  Even though the fourth novel, Drums of Autumn, did not live up to my expectations, I still enjoyed it and finished it within four days.  I considered it the "breather" book and was certain that The Fiery Cross would bring back the adventure and the romance I had fallen in love with.  I had it on preorder for months through Amazon and finally the day came when the book was delivered to my door.Weeks later, the book still sat by my bedside, half-finished.  The first "day" in the book took us through 150 pages of rainy, muddy, slow-moving banalities.  The passion of Jamie and Claire had been reduced to a mockery of its former self.  As a replacement for their epic love, Gabaldon offered in its stead the relationship between the whiny, spoiled Brianna and the extremely nice and sensible but passionless Roger.  Brianna delivered her baby and a large majority of the story was given over to the baby crying and pooping and nursing while Brianna nursed and pooped and cried about how hard it is to be a mother (...really?!  Who knew!).The descriptions of the mundane aspects of 18th century daily living go on for pages and pages and pages.  In one scene, Claire roots around in the baby's poopy diaper in order to recover a trinket that the baby has swallowed.  That scene is a perfect metaphor for the novel as a whole; indeed, the reader may wonder how much more you-know-what he has to dig through in order to uncover the plot.  Gone is the magic thread woven through the first three installments of the Outlander saga; that alluring fabric of adventure and mystery is replaced in the Fiery Cross by a diary-like retelling of events more appropriate to a history text than a work of fiction.  Gabaldon gives the sense that she has done her research and we are darn well going to listen to what she has to tell us whether we like it or not.  Her prose remains poetic, but it's not enough--lacking any semblance of plot, peril, or character development (excepting a brief aside in which she tortures her favorite whipping boy, poor unlucky Roger), the novel falls flat on its rather voluminous face.I eventually finished The Fiery Cross, but only after sitting down one weekend and literally forcing myself to read the last half of the book.  My best friend and my mom never did finish.  I used my copy as a doorstop for some years, until the book finally made its way into a thrift store bag.  I still have the first four novels on my shelf and have reread Outlander a couple times, but the entire series has lost its appeal now that I know the faded fates of my favorite characters.  The subsequent books in the series do not interest me--looking at the size of them, it seems as though they must be even more full of the mind-numbing minutiae that ruined The Fiery Cross and to a lesser extent Drums of Autumn.  It does seem that some of her fans enjoy the myriad of small details, looking upon the sequels as a series of sideways-related vignettes, but for those of us who followed Outlander for its passion and adventure and pluck and strength of story, the series is over.
One cannot always explain why things are.  Why do I not like vanila ice cream while someone else loves it?  This book just wasn't that enjoyable.
Fortunately a used bookstore purchase for me, The Secret History is a great disappointment. There is a decent plot here, but it just plods along; finally there's a hook around page 160. I usually only give a book a hundred pages to give me a reason to continue. I gave this an extra 60 pages because of the 400+ positive reviews on Amazon and I was housebound for a while. It's so repetitive. The characters are one dimensional and there's no reason to care what happens to them. It reminded me of the recent Casey Anthony case in Orlando. There are some eerie similarities: mysterious death; search parties; body found in the woods; media frenzy; narcissism; hard-partying, heartless twenty-somethings; unpunished perpetrators; dysfunctional families, incest and pathological lying. Was this predictive or did Casey (born 1986) pick up on these memes? Intriguing, but unfortunately there's no understanding to be gained from The Secret History. Maybe its popularity reflects the public's interest in a case like Anthony's.
This book is probably fine for middle school and high school aged "kids", who probably wouldn't want you to call them a "kid". It relies heavily on seventies-style casseroles and tuna dishes, chili, nachos, and other things that don't tend to be in the palate range of the under-tween set. I also think that at times the herb choices are a bit strange for recipes geared towards kids. I would return it if I could.
The book is aptly titled, as it is about the four men who controled the major banking systems of the world. However, from the reviews, I had expected more. I expected to gain a better understanding of the causes of the depression and how it either ran its course or was reversed by actions informed by policies. I just didn't get that second part from this book.Here is what I got from the book: these four men did the best they could. It was not clear to them what could be done, and of course they were bound by the interests of their countries and of the banking system. The payment of reparations from World War I was a big issue (O.k., I need to learn more about this -- Germany started the war, then lost, but was unable to pay. But why did the Germans feel so wronged by being asked to pay?) Keynes came along and said and wrote a lot of things that were not terribly clear at the time, and may not be terribly clear now. Hoover and Roosevelt both probably got a lot right and a lot wrong. Most of the world went off of the gold standard, devalued their currency, and the book ends, presumbaly becasue the banking system is saved.So, I probably expected more of the book than the author intended to cover. Here are some of the things I wanted to know. First, "Devaluing currency" sounds like inflation to me. Didn't devaluation reduce the value of the savings of the hardworking people who had done the right thing and saved? Second, to me the depression was not just about the banks. What did it take for jobs to come back and the standard of living to rise? The U.S. put people to work when we started supporting England's effort in WWII, then continued to ramp up production during and after the war. Was it the war that got us out of the depression (to the extent that a depression is defined by people not being able to find jobs, or not getting paid enough to support themselves)? If so, can we just periodically gather up a bunch of our stuff and burn it, as the Native Americans did in their Potlatch ceremonies, instead of having wars and getting so many people killed and maimed? Third, did the whole depression occur due to a failure of the banking system, and if so, is there anything we can do to keep this from happening withoug causing some other problem? The author addresses this quesion to some extent in his comment posted above.I have read that Lords of Finance helps inform the current financial problems. What I take from the curent problem is that no one is willing to act while the bubble is growing. In this phase the speculators want the bubble to continue, the followers jump on so they won't lose out, and finally the prudent jump on because they see that they are losing real value. No wonder people don't want to work and save.
I have to say, I was expecting a clever sci-fi type book, with the main character visiting different points in history, and with world events serving as a backdrop. Instead, the shifting in time focused on only a 30 year period, and was restricted to the characters own, narrow lives and history. I mean, how many times can we shift back and forth to--"Claire is 10, Henry is 20, Claire is 20, Henry is 28, Claire is 6, Henry is 43" and so on.The writing style was also difficult to read, and I found it rather confusing and dull. I was able to muddle past the first 100 pages, and then skimmed, and saw that the story remained basically the same for the next 400 pages. Triple yawn. You can open this book anywhere and start reading, it doesn't seem to matter. I read the ending, which also seemed out of place. Claire is an old woman, and Henry, already dead, is traveling from the past. It doesn't seem that he has done much traveling into the future throughout the book, and is always going into the past. So  now how does he turn up 50 years in the future? And he is surprised to see Claire old, which means that he really hasn't been this way before.Anyway, highly unrecommended. I am amazed at the books which have rose to the ranks of bestsellers, and received so many accoldades, when in fact, they are mediocre, poorly written, and deeply flawed. This book seems like it could be cut in half, and not only lose anything except the verbosity, but become a better story.
I'd give &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot; 2 1/2 stars if there were 1/2-star ratings here. But basically, this book just wasn't as great as everyone says. It's overrated to a degree, but I still found some merit in it. There wasn't much of a plot, and it wasn't very well-written, but it does have some rather interresting, likable charcters. Holden Caulfield himself, though, is just annoying. He complains about everything, gets depressed easily, repeats phrases like &quot;I really did&quot; and &quot;If you want to know the truth&quot; at least 50 times, and swears a lot. I'm 15 years old, and I can safely say that Caulfield is NOT the embodiment of teenage cynicism. I know some kids who are pretty dense, but most of us aren't nearly as obnoxiously pessimistic as Caulfield. Yet I mannaged to choke down the book in a few days. I only read it because I didn't have anything better to read. I will say a few good things, though. Salinger, via Caulfield, makes some rather interesting observations about the different kinds of people in life, sort of like a Horacian observer with a Juvenalian attitude. I will also say that I think the writing was DELIBERATELY bad, as Salinger was trying to make it sound like a real adolescent was actually writing his book, and he succeeded admirably in achieving that effect. But by and large, I didn't like the book and probably the only reason Salinger has been so reclusive for the past 50+ years is because he's ASHAMED of having written this mostly unenjoyable book.
This is terribly written, disorganized and superficial. The writing style varies, but sometimes they guy is writing two stories and merges them together, like a deck of cards with a few paragraphs on each, just shuffled together, no transitions, no headings, nothing. The stories aren't related in any substantial way. This is a clear case of a writer trying to do something &#34;clever&#34; to be recognized by an awards committee or something like that.If you have no scientific interested in the workings of disasters, that is, if you're really just looking for an interesting overview of historical disasters, then this book may be interesting for you. But if you really want nuts and bolts details of those events then you should look elsewhere.
Here are some of the key reasons why this book is simply a poorly written/edited and ineffective trading book:1. Chapters do not build on one another.  The story goes back and forth, between hazy descriptions of technical trading tools, bizarre charts poorly explained, then back to the Turtles story, including amazement about how not every turtle could follow the rules except the author.  Back and forth.  Back and forth.2. Anecdotal wisdom.  Stuff you see in every book, from every investor/trader.  Don't follow the herd.  Know yourself.  Forget about the past.  You can't predict the future.  Don't let past losses upset you.  Is the author getting paid by the cliche?3. Author references his own websites and company, and also heavily references the author with the 'big' blurb on the front cover.  That would be Van K. Tharp who calls this "One of the five best trading books ever written".  There is no corelation between this quote and the author citing Van Tharp throughout the entire book.  I would like to see a chart on those probabilities in this book.4. Misleading and contradictory title.  Throughout the book, the author presses on the point that there is no secret method, that people want to believe a secret method exists because then they wouldn't have to admit to themselves that they psychologically do not have the capacity to trade effectively.  Then the book is titled "The Secret Methods..."  I guess that kind of title sells better.Also on contraditions - there are no methods in this book.  Just general descriptions of basic technical trading tools that one can find by googling the subject.  The worst part is that the descriptions aren't even fully developed.  The examples are weak, and the 'gestalt' of using multiple technical trading techniques collaboratively, as a system, is not covered adequately.5. Book is not practical.  The examples and the methods used by the author to trade do not fit 99.99% of all investor profiles.  In fact, they only fit the profile of someone who can afford to lose a rich person's money as part of a social experiment.In conclusion, I would say that the main problem with this book is its focus.  If the book was biographical in nature, and covered the interactions and emotions on the floor with the other Turtles, and covered specifically the psychological aspects and nothing else, it could be a somewhat interesting read.  As an investment book, it does not work, and is aggravating.
The premise of this allegory is fundamentally flawed. We're not lab mice in this rat race, but we are being experimented upon. As the pay gap widens, this book is a brainwashing tool to try to convince us that not only is this okay, but we're bad mice if we don't embrace change which sells us short.They didn't move the cheese, they stole the cheese and are giving us garbage.As I write this note, this review has been up for a while and 82 people have voted on it so far, 48 finding it helpful. Excellent. I'd like to add that most of the people purchasing this book are actually corporations or managers to give as 'gifts' to the little mice who work for them. A present to give in exchange might be something by Howard Zinn perhaps?
This was the first book that I purchased, based mainly on the fact that it had the highest number of 5 star ratings on Amazon.Other reviewers have summed up why this book deserves 1 star accurately. There isn't much of a solution proposed if you have a child that sleeps poorly. If you want to establish a routine for a baby that is a decent sleeper, this book might help you.  This book is useless if you have a child that continuously wakes throughout the night.My son's issue was that he did not know how to self soothe and get himself back to sleep once he woke up.  He needed to be rocked and nursed to return to sleep.  Every. Single. Time.  We went on to use Ferber's method, and I wish we had started with that.  Once my son figured out how to get himself back to sleep without my help, we haven't had any problems.  He's been sleeping 12 hours per night for over 2 years now.  He sometimes wakes up, but we hear him talking and singing to himself until he goes back to sleep.  If he cries, we know he really needs us.  This book doesn't help with a child like my son.My son's disposition is so much happier now that he gets good sleep.  The difference was immediate.  A well rested mother is a better mother, so my attitude shifted as soon as my son started sleeping.If Pantley's method works for you, great.  If not, don't be a martyr and convince yourself that you're doing the best thing for your child by getting up with them several times a night. Even if you don't like the idea of letting your child cry, read Ferber's book just for the information on how and why sleep is important.
When someone writes an autobiographical memoir, if it is honest, he bares his soul.  Frank Conroy's soul is unlovely to say the least. He writes without remorse - indeed, boastingly - of his sedulous part in a terrible hazing incident that involved the group beating of a schoolmate to the point of unconsciousness. And then he drags us through his pathetic, sloppy early liasons with girls, as if his experiences are something transcendant and unique just because they are his. One reviewer wrote hysterically that he hates women. Not true, of course.  He is simply a supreme egotist, supreme, here, meaning far beyond the norm, beyond the natural self-concerns of most people. In one lamentable episode he completely violates the trust of a loyal and heartbreakingly earnest young woman, then shows not even the slightest trace of remorse. In Frank Conroy's self-indulgent world, Frank Conroy is number one and the devil with everyone else.  This is an attitude he never outgrew. It is almost, in fact, as if he is proud of his amoral stance, as though it lends a patina of masculinity, something which he seems insecure about anyway. He was known for reducing his students to tears in his renowned Iowa Writer's Workshop.Other reviewers gush on about his writing skills.  But when a writer's heart and soul are flawed, he cannot speak truth.  Our writers and poets should be our moral and spiritual guides.Upon acceptance of the Nobel Prize for literature, William Faulkner said: [Our writers must relearn] "the old universal truths, lacking which any story is ephemeral and doomed - love and honor and pity and pride and compassion and sacrifice.  Until he does so, he labors under a curse.  He writes not of love but of lust, of defeats in which nobody loses anything of value, of victories without hope and, worst of all, without pity or compassion. His griefs grieve on no universal bones, leaving no scars.  He writes not of the heart but of the glands."Therre is no compassion and no pity for anyone in Frank Conroy's world but himself.
I purchased this book after reading tons of great reviews. The book has some good ideas, but it was not what I expected at all. I think there are tons of other books out there that are worth spending your money on.
I found this book very exasperating indeed. While it may be a good referance work, the non-specialist would find it very difficult to read  full tilt like a novel. While detail can be a strength, in this book it  overwhelms the reader: the writer simply MUST cite every letter Einstein  wrote and every reply he received! It is a tedious exercise. The science is  dry, clinical and extremely difficult to follow. The writing (translation?)  is mediocre and the editing is even worse. Forget this book if you are  looking for a passionate, clear, focused and above all a readable account  of Einstein's life and thought. There must be better biographies around.
This was the first of my readings from this author which was not a Wexford book, and it is quite different.  Not only was the story not as interesting in my view, but additionally I found the writing less gripping.
The Van is one of those books disguised as fiction but is actually a potboiler.  The characters are unimpressive and the plot is filled with one clich&eacute;d situation after another.  The third person narrative is unsuccessful because it doesn't have enough emotional impact.  The lack of quotation marks makes it a very frustrating read.  The prose resembles a screenplay with pages of dialogues interspersed with descriptions.  The Irish dialect is tough to understand.  I did start to enjoy it during the last few pages, but it wasn't worth to reread the book again.  If you're interested in Irish fiction, skip this and read Dubliners by James Joyce.
Not really what I thought it would be.Kind of infintile in the way it was written, plus it lost me 1/4 way through with all the tidbits.
There's quite a bit of useless advice in this book. If I mortgaged my home or took out a loan for a business at the magnitude mentioned here, I could reduce my risk by just taking the money and investing it wisely in the stock market.  Using "ferrari" in one's e-mail to gain customers is nothing more than a party trick completely lacking in substance.The author mentions that his past connections with ONE particular company formed the bulk of his revenue streams. I think that's something akin to a "sugar daddy".  Furthermore, how can one continue to be an "expert" in this fast changing world without some sort of gritty research or continuing education?  Nothing is mentioned about improving one's self so that real content can be delivered.  To top this, there is an insinuation that how the customer feels about you, affects your revenue stream.  That's baloney.  That's not consulting.There is also some mention of providing consulting to executives. It's no surprise that money can be made here but getting access is an obvious problem and consulting just the top people does nothing for a company as a whole.Finally, the book is very weak on technology, paticularly the Internet and how to really use it.  Perhaps the author thought he gave some good advice but in fact, he presented a narrow view of the consulting field, he missed a wealth of knowledge on this very subject and it seems, looking at the other books, that there is a bit of recycling or at best, mere incremental improvement in the message.The reader should go elsewhere for good advice.
At the audiobook store, the clerk convinced me to rent the unabridged version of &quot;Hannibal&quot; instead of the abridged.  Boy, was I fooled!  Harris has the disease of all researchers: I must write and  publish every little thing I learned while researching and writing this  book.  Way too long in places but that's not the worst of it.  The ending  abandoned the characterizations of Starling and Hannibal set forth from  &quot;Silence.&quot;  It's no wonder Jodie Foster does not want to play the  part: I would not either and I don't blame her.  If you still want to read  this book, get the abridged tape.  It'll save you some time.
I normally read a book in 2-3days, I have been at this one for 3 weeks.  I always finish books that I start and this one is no exception, however, it is not my taste in reading material.  I have learned a lot of new vocabulary words(love my kindle).  I am 85% complete and hope to finish before vacation on Sunday........
This book is a mess, dont even think of taking a class with this book..its so confusing and hard..oh by the way this book is all in german!soo get ready to sit there for hours trying to figure out what each word means..
i have been lifting for quite a few years now and have used multiple programs from strength to endurance to hypertrophy to a combo of all of them. Having heard Little interviewed on various podcasts, I was intrigued. The science, as presented, seems to make sense, but I still couldn't believe I could get the results with so little work. However, I decided to give it at least a month to see how it would work. After a month and a half, while I was lifting a bit more weight, I couldn't detect any change in body composition. After this period, I decided to do something more traditional and saw changes in composition and increased weights in just a couple of weeks. I'm not saying it doesn't work, it just didn't work for me.
This is a sweet attempt to tell a somewhat romantic story of Elizabeth 1.  For those interested in English history they might want to read 'Character's of the Reformation' by Hillaire Belloc.  This English historian deals with the political side of the Tudor monarchy and the men who actually gave Elizabeth her marching orders and who ran the government during her reign.
After hearing all the hype for this book, I was so excited to read it. However, the book moves at an extremely slow pace. The story around the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili was very fascinating, but the rest of the book was blah. I didn't particularly enjoy any of the characters or the various subplots. I wish the book was more focused on the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, rather one of the author's experience at Princeton. Again, you if you looking for a Da Vinci Code like book, this is not it. Just read Angels and Demons or Digital Fortress by Dan Brown
I got interested in Tcl when a friend of mine had presented me with the Expect application and all the wonderfull things it can do for a sysadmin. Since knowledge of Tcl is required for Expect, I set off looking for a book on the topic... and having read the lines "for beginners and expirienced programmers alike" I thought I hit the target. But what a disapointment...First of all, most books for beginners follow certain format which is not the case with this book. Nothing like "here's how to declare variables", "variables are typeless", "here's how procedures/functions are done", "here's what sets Tcl apart from other languages" or "how to do those things that other languages cannot" that other books for beginners so often cover. I had to look online for the line that starts off the freshly written Tcl script... and this is for beginners?!From skimming over Tcl implementations on different platforms (I guess that covered the beginner's part) authors dwelve straight into the HTML processing by Tcl (as in "hey Tcl programmers, here's how to do web pages!") which only adds to confusion. It doesn't stop there though... Tcl is said to be a glue language that puts different blocks together, but how come that passing commands to the system from the Tcl script isn't covered? Yes, there are dedicated commands for cruising through the directory tree, creating/removing/deleting files, but is that all?! Linux has a rich arsenal of commannds, many of which go beyond those tasks... and you cannot pass them from a Tcl script? Where's the glue then...Same confusing format is followed in the Tk part, except for the canonnical "Hello World" example (straightforward "type it in- here's how it works" breakdown) the rest is off the beginner's path. How to clip a Tcl procedure to a Tk button? Nope, that's not shown- but geometry managers examples plenty abound.Examples are incomplete, explanations vague and I often caught myself reading same line several times trying to understand the point that author tries to make.As for my reason for learning Tcl, the Expect application- it is MENTIONED on couple of paragraphs that end with a web address. Although it may be the shiniest example of Tcl's power, it is not even skimmed over...The content offered doesn't justify the price tag for a beginner's book. If you're a beginner you'd be better off working through the online tutorial at tcl.tk page. It is not only money that you'll save...
I really like it when a book clicks in - when the a-ha moment happens and you get it.  Realization happens and you feel fully connected to the book.  All the author's misdirections lead inexorably to this place, and no further explanation is needed or desired.I DON'T like it when an author spends about 120 pages explaining the ending of his/her story, which is what's going on here.  For 300 pages I really enjoyed Past Caring - good characters, mystery, good writing.  But the drawn-out ending was ramshackle and arbitrary, with people's motivations puzzling and nonstationary.  Martin goes after that girl?  Come on.
I could summarize the heart of the advice as a list of five items: the rest is FILLER, and not particularly entertainingly written. The ideas are fine, and I am willing to try them, but I do feel a bit ripped off.
Not one my favorites. Not very illuminating I didn't think, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. One of the lesser books authored by Joseph Murphy.
While I agree with Ms. Alkon's observations about pervasive rudeness in our culture, her solutions are cynical, mean-spirited, and even more rude than the behavior she deigns to punish. I don't know whether the author is capable of compassion, empathy or shame, but judging by this book, her columns and blog, she is either spoofing all of us or a cold, unhappy woman.Either way, this book fails in that it is not funny. I don't find judgmental, angry belittling of mass-groups of people or ridiculing people's dress, cell phone use, technology dependance, incompetence, or basic stupidity to be funny when Alkon deals with it. Unlike Kurt Vonnegut, Dave Barry, Erma Bombeck, and the inane but sweet Andy Rooney, Ms. Alkon's observations are harsh, snide and unhelpful.The research documented in the book is pseudo-science at best, as well as unoriginal and trite, and proves nothing except that we are hard wired as a species to be aggressive, selfish and obtuse. We are also hard wired to be attention-deficit, hunters and killers. This proves what, exactly?My main issue with the author is that her book and other work fail to make me laugh, and that's saying a lot, since I am very easily amused.
Let's be honest: the history of White settlement in America is, among other things, a history of heinous crime.  The wrongs of colonization were particularly acute on the frontier.  A good novel can overcome the problematic position of its characters, but this work does not.  Instead it mostly repeats the racist perspective of White settlers, who feel frightened and endangered by the people who live in the land already.In short, the characters epitomize the great White inversion of history: Whites--the ones who killed a million Indians--describe Indians as posing the threat.  Whites, who stole Indian lands, describe Indians as trespassing and menacing.  Whites, who destroyed the ecosystems that sustained Indian life, then say the Indians aren't making use of the land.  Relatedly, the novel's Whites say that their "productive" use of the land entitles them to take it.  The Whites long for the Indians to "disappear" or go further West.  In this novel the Indians are dark, violent, mysterious, and unknowable: they are literally "savages."Pa helps to soften some of the racism.  He sees "good Indians" mixed in with the bad and tries to make nice with the Other.  He points out that they could be expected to be angry, having been evicted from their ancestral lands to the east.  He is unapologetic about the colonization of Indian land, and the associated genocide, but he does reinforce a more humane view of the savages.  Ma and Pa are contrasted with the more genocide-minded Mr. and Mrs. Scott.  No one in the novel kills an Indian.I tried to gently help my six-year old daughter through this moral terrain, but she identified with the White settlers' point of view: the Indians were scary and the Whites weren't stealing.  Of course, the novel tells nothing of the violence that delivered the lands to Whites and kept it in their possession.  The novel offers only nice White folks making an earnest living.  They are utterly blameless, since no big picture is given.  And yet they are, in effect, good Germans during the Nazi era: their wholesome business is entwined with the ruination and murder of Indians.But most American Whites can't stand hearing this sort of thing, and have no problem with the myth of peaceful Whites and bad Indians on the Western frontier.  On a far more basic note, then, there are some major flaws in the writing.  A few: (1) Baby Carrie goes missing from the story for chapters on end (where was she? wasn't she crying?  who was watching her? etc.). (2) It can take Wilder pages and pages to describe something as inane as building a door.  That's fine if you're interested in historical carpentry, but it seriously drags down the pace of the novel.  (3) Whole chapters limp by with scarcely an event.  Actually, that's true to life, but not it does not make good novel reading--particularly in a children's tale, and particularly when (4) there is zero character development.This book is a fascinating historical document, in part because it helped to reinforce the mythologies at the core of White supremacy.  But it has no business being read to or read by children, unless one wants to perpetuate its lies.
I had an earlier edition of this Crossword Dictionary and literary wore it out.  However, I can't seem to find anything in this edition that I' m researching.  I was very disappointed in this book.
Although this is filled with Grisham's &quot;formula&quot; of the ingenius individual taking on the system and winning, I found much of it hard to believe. That a corporate lawyer would leave everything so willingly to  become an advocate for the homeless. I felt that this book had an agenda to  advance the plight of the homeless, rather than to be a good book. I felt  the same as when a telemarketer calls and tries to convince me to buy that  vacuum cleaner no one can do without.
So much so that she crams every single one of them into this book without the editing that one expects from a serious historian and/or author. As a result, the reader is bombarded with a barrage of trivia which serve to obscure the truly relevant facts.As Ms. Weir points out early in the book, Eleanor lived in an age of illiteracy, so there are relatively few written sources to rely upon. Fair enough, so say that and try to write a coherent narrative based upon the relevant available facts. Don't just empty a dump truck of facts, leaving it to the reader to determine what's relevant.Oddly enough, there are some chapters, generally those relating to the society of the time, that are very well written. But they are not the key chapters.Since writing the foregoing, I have discovered that Ms. Weir subsequently wrote an historical novel about EleanorCaptive Queen: A Novel of Eleanor of Aquitainethat received scathing reviews from amazon readers.
Gleick either doesn't understand mathematics or thinks that the readers can't.  So he writes about the personalities of the people involved in the resurgence of chaos theory during the past few decades.  Unfortunately, many of the people profiled are tenured faculty at big universities.  Most of them don't really have personalities.  Gleick will write about these guys facing oppression from skeptical colleagues.  As the pages unfold it turns out that the &quot;oppression&quot; consists of their colleagues, who are working in unrelated areas, being unmotivated to spend hours looking at line-printer output.  A further element of the &quot;oppression&quot; that adds drama to Gleick's book is a lifetime guaranteed salary, an office with a nice view, and funding for some graduate students plus computers.You'd learn more science by reading through a stack of old New Yorker magazines...
There is no plot and there is no passion to this book.  The premise is interesting, but the authors go nowhere with it.  The ending is predictable.  Don't waste your time.
I expected this to be a nice sappy clean love story but including things like Henry's 15 yro fling with himself was a bit much for me.  If you can stomach that sort of thing, go for it.
I have found most books in this series to be very appealing to little children, and gentle and humorous into the bargain. However, this one could be all too easily misinterpreted! The story is based on the assumption that a child who cannot sleep is deliberately inventing excuses not to do so, and that genuine terror (which is a fact of life for many) that might cause such sleeplessness is imaginary and manipulative on the child's part, and can be dispelled by a fear of punishment.This would be devastating for a child to believe - but all the more dangerous were such a viewpoint held by a parent who may have a child who has genuine insomnia or night terrors. The rest of the Frances series is worthwhile, but this one is a nightmare.
Why people are in love with this dime store trashy novel, disguised as being hip and crafty, with lots of inside pokes to self indulgency (author routinely like to point out brand names, the joy of Thai food, and discussion of music bands for no purpose whatsoever).And what a boring narration that jumps all over the place.  After about 57 pages of it, the jumping dates and places became impossible to keep track of and the concept runs out of gas.Here is the simple reason why this novel fails.  There is absolutley no "insight" as to why these two people should be in love with each other.  Period.  Never mind the idea that he shows up in her past and says hey will have really great sex though when we are older..  puhlease...How does this **** get published???  SERIOUSLY!! This person can't even craft a story with interesting characters, and talk about predictability.. I didn't read the entire thing but knew that one of the characters was going to be in a love triangle.  It is SO OBVIOUS. Don't read this junk, and at over 500 pages of NOTHING?!?!?!  come on.  After 350 of them I gave up what was the point.  I should have quit after the first 100.  What a waste of trees.
I believe this was Jodi Picoults second book and you can definitely tell her writing has matured over the years. jodi's writing usually captivated me and takes me for a ride but this book just made me feel annoyed to be honest. I didn't like or relate to the characters and found their decisions to be ridiculous everyvstep of the way. I love Jodi Picoult but unfortantally I would say don't waste your time on this book.Paige was abandoned by her mother at a young age so when she finds herself a mother herself she soon begins to doubt her ability for being a mother herself and makes a decision to temporally follow in her mothers footsteps and abandon her family. I honestly despised Paige's character she annoyed me every step she made. The decisions she made made her weak and honestly she needed therapy not a temporary vacation from her family. Uhhh unfortantly I cannot say anything nice about her character I found no emotional connection with her and I think maybe in retrospect that she ruined this story for me.
I didn't even finish it, and that hardly ever happens.  I hated the writing style and I hated the main character.  If only it wasn't a digital version so I could fob it off onto someone else!
...Acredolo and Goodwyn took a single research study they did on a group of 106 California residents and turned it into a "cottage industry" of teaching "baby signing"...STRONGLY suggest you read their original paper THOROUGHLY before investing money in any of their books or courses.
I can not see how they made a movie out of this book.  I should have read more reviews.  Claire and Henry completely lost me on Henry's travels.  The worst part was when there were two Henrys and two of his daughter.  Also I had a hard time understanding why he had to leave his clothes every time.  I was never sure when he died.  Early in the book or when?
Ok, so the author does include a few useful tips, like strategies for projecting empathy, but nothing that was news if you have been reading any books on this subject.  The things that drove me absolutely insane, however, were 1) the condescending tone used throughout (parents, you are idiots!); 2) the repeated assertion that growing up today is so different from when we grew up that we cannot possibly understand the stresses on our children (say what??!); and 3) imbecilic examples.Let me elaborate on my third complaint using illustrations from the book regarding how a parent should handle a child's desire for ear-piercing.  The parent who said no to piercing was rewarded with a child who got a full arm tattoo instead--message, saying no is a mistake.  The parent who secretly wanted her daughter to wait until age 16 to pierce the ears did not tell the daughter this--instead, she said to the girl, "I am not ready yet, let's revisit this issue in six months."  Somehow she was able to continue this strategy over a period of years!!! How did this child not catch on?  And this kind of subterfuge was given as the example of how to handle a conflict!The message of most of the examples in the book--either say yes to everything, because you can't possibly understand what your child is going through, or lie outright to avoid the conflict--does not provide an example of the kind of parenting strategies that I would like to pursue.  And given the condescending tone, I'd only pick this one up if you want to give your blood-pressure a hefty surge.  My copy went in the give-away box in case there are parents out there devoid of both common sense and self-esteem.
Compared to other academic thrillers likeRabid: A Novel,The Dante Club: A Novel, orSpecial Topics in Calamity Physics, The Rule of Four doesn't measure up.The Rule of Four is set at Princeton, very obviously at Princeton, at look-at-me-I'm-a-Princetonian Princeton. There's a part in this book where the authors (and the characters are obviously the authors,) sneer at someone who is too obsequious, too flashy, not Ivy League subtle enough, and yet that's exactly what they're doing throughout this whole book.Plotwise, the major turning points were oddly pulled out from under the major characters, much like a duel that happens off-stage and then someone staggers onto stage and tells you about it, and in a boring manner.It's a first novel, and these two writers are very young. Some of the passages have merit. It will be interesting to watch them mature as writers.Minna
After seeing the movie preview (starring Dicaprio & Winslet), I decided to see if they have this book at local library.  I had to be on a wait list for this book and was the 6th or 7th person in line.  I thought this must be a really good book for the wait list to be that long.And boy, was I so wrong.  When I finally got the book, I started to read it right away.  I was forcing myself to read it and when I read up to where they were talking about the rumors of Mrs. Givings' son in the loony bin, I couldn't read any further.I don't know why so many readers love this book so much.  But for me, it's way boring and uninterested.  I didn't care about any of the characters or willing to read further to find out about the characters and their lives.This book is the first book I returned to the library after reading so little of it.  On to my next book.......
I was disappointed in the content of the book. The title sounds catchy but the author does not deliver the message very well in the book.
I will admit this book was very well written.  Maybe it was too well written in that I grew to intensely dislike Kathy, couldn't believe how stupid Lester was to the degree he got involved with her and ruined his life (good grief, how was she worth all this heartache?!), and while the colonel may not have seemed a very sympathetic character, I found myself rooting for him.  I didn't find the ending satisfying at all & wished I hadn't wasted my time.
Go ESPN, Golfweek, Golfdigest, Golf Channel website and see for yourself what this slimy so-called reporter did to 16 years old kid.
First of all, who goes to university to study Greek? It's a bunch of junior Thurston Howell the IIIs. You can imagine them saying "by Jove", "old boy", etc. {eye roll!} After 200 pages or so, we learn that the classmates killed a farmer, and one of them is blackmailing the others so they want to kill him too. The story is so boring and there is just too much text. It rambles on and on. I honestly cannot believe that this book was in the New York Times best seller list.
The book starts with a neat premise of harvesting the power of quantum mechanics but quickly betrays the reader by not explaining time-travel paradoxes and not resolving major plot threads. One series of events and  characters that seem to be essential to the plot are simply never mentioned  again as the book decays into page after page of sword fighting in 12th  century France. Whenever a sci fi writer ventures into a story about  time-travel, it is his duty to work out the paradoxes in some way. (what if  you go back in time and kill your grandfather?, if time travel is possible,  why haven't we been over-run with travelers from the future?) Here this is  done by a character literally announcing, &quot;there are no  paradoxes&quot;.  It is explained that there are an infinite number of  universes with time travelers are going to a different universe that is  almost identical to our own.  Strangely, they are able to leave notes in  the 'past' that get read by people in the original universe.  Summary:  If  you want a great time travel book, read either  The Doomsday Book or To Say  Nothing of the Dog by Connie Willis
I picked this book up because of my interest in the Beats, feminist literature, and the American immigrant experience. I was disappointed on all three counts. First, the only thing Beat about it is the era depicted,  though I think it is far more about 1969, the year of its publication, than  the '50s. Secondly, writing explicitly about sex does not make a writer a  feminist just because she also happens to be female. It merely makes her a  female pornographer. Thirdly, what little is mentioned of di Prima's  heritage seems somehow pathetic and ashamed. Too bad. I doubt I will go on  to read other di Prima work, but I suppose there must be something there in  order for her to have been so highly regarded. This book is a waste of time  and money. How was it picked up by such a major publisher as Penguin? Could  it be that important an artifact of the '60s? It offers us nothing of the  Beat Generation, and is an embarrassment to it.
"Complete reference" - I thought this would describe/explain the SQL code that I need to use in my job.  This book sits on my desk at work - for SQL code, I get it from the internet.
The sub-title of this book is so misleading, that alone makes it a rip-off ("...on EVERYTHING you do"?)...It pretty much only addresses some statistical aspects of traffic patterns, airline safety, steroids in sports (mostly baseball) and lottery anecdotes.I was very disappointed in this VERY SHORT book. I breezed through it in a couple hours, especially since i had to skip some parts because they were so redundant and repetitive.better books on statistics are:The Black Swan: Second Edition: The Impact of the Highly Improbable: With a new section: "On Robustness and Fragility"The Drunkard's Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives (Vintage)
After reading the first couple of chapters of boring conversations I was still waiting for something interesting to develop. But there was nothing, so I started skipping pages, finally skipping to the end. This book is rated as one of the finest novels ever, but I don't see that at all. It is a total bore.
PART OF THIS IS MY FAULT AS I DID NOT READ ENOUGH ABOUT THE BOOK BEFORE I BOUGHT IT.  I CANNOT IMAGINE A TRUE VEGETARIAN WHO WOULD CHOOSE TO EAT MEAT PART OF THE TIME???  AND IF A VEGETARIAN DID CHOOSE TO EAT MEAT, I WOULD VENTURE TO BET THAT THEY COULD FIGURE OUT HOW TO CHOOSE THE TYPE OF MEAT THAT THEY WERE GOING TO EAT.
I know that John Grisham's legal thrillers shouldn't be approached expecting literary fireworks, but nonetheless, I was very disappointed in this book. The street lawyer presents a dichotomy in the legal profession between big firm lawyers who bill at $300 an hour, interact with only corporations and lust after money and poverty lawyers who don't care about money and are selfless advocates for the poor. This leaves out the large majority of small to medium firm attorneys who help people with mundane tasks like divorcing, writing a will, adjusting child support or getting reparations for an injury. This type of lawyer wants to help people, but also has to make some money to support themselves and their families. I felt like the two categories Grisham sets up in this book felt false. Also false, I felt, was the main character's continual dwelling on his whiteness when interacting with the poor and homeless. He was always referencing his fear being the only white face or his feeling of being out of place. I understand that Grisham was trying to reflect the thoughts of someone who had lived a relatively cushy existence suddenly being thrust into a world different from his own. However, I found it unbelievable that someone who has gone all the way through law school and lives in the very mixed city of Washington D.C. would have never before reflected on issues of race.Usually the one thing that you can depend on in a Grisham book is an interesting plot that speeds along. Even that was lacking in this book. A lot of the threads never seem to come together and the climax that resolves the conflict between the main character's two legal worlds fizzles. If someone is looking for a Grisham book that reflects a more realistic portrayal of the law and still offers a zippy plot, I would recommendThe Appeal: A Novel.
The gist of this book is "don't cry over spilled milk," find something else to drink.  Seriously. The little book, and it is little, is all about accepting a loss and moving on.  It's a self-help book thinly disguised as a business book.  The "amazing way" to deal with change isn't amazing.I never understood why this book resonated with so many people because there are much better books on this topic.  Yes, it has a catchy title.  I think that because it IS a small book, it captured the attention of people who aren't readers and aren't into introspection.  It's amazing what marketing can do for books such as this.Let me save you some money and summarize the book:  "If someone moves your cheese, find another piece of cheese or something else because you'll never get that original piece of cheese back ever again.  Deal with it."
That's not a compliment.I think Crichton took his manuscript of Jurassic Park, and did a search-and-replace with his word processor. The word &quot;dinosaur&quot; gets replaced with &quot;knight&quot;, etc etc.
This book is one of those rare occasions when Vine/Rendell fails to deliver a work up to her usual high standards. Hardcore Vine/Rendell fans might still derive some pleasure from ASTA'S BOOK but, for the most part, the novel is vastly inferior to the rest of the author's stellar production.For one, ASTA'S BOOK is very long-winded and boring. Endless details that can interest no one and that have very little (if any) connection to the so-called mystery get listed for page after boring page. At least half of the book could have been edited out without damaging the story in the least. You get to wait and wait for something finally to happen but when it does, it's usually something so minor that you wonder why you took the trouble at all. It takes the author until page 150 finally to get to mention a murder mystery. Those who manage to get that far in the book need to be forewarned: don't expect that mystery to be anything like what this author usually creates. The best word to describe it is BORING.Asta, the main character, is probably the only character of Barbara Vine / Ruth Rendell who is a complete literary failure. This author's main strength is her capacity to create complex, extraordinary characters. In Asta, Vine fails to do that spectacularly. We get to meet Asta in her twenties and then later when she is in her seventies. There is absolutely no connection between how she is presented at these two periods of her life. Granted, people change. But in order to transform so dramatically something profound needs to take place in their lives. Asta, who is sheltered and pampered her entire life, suffers no such dramatic chain of events, so a radical change in her seems contrived and illogical.It seems like Vine wanted her readers to see Asta as someone admirable. However, this character comes off as some sort of sociopath who never had a chance to get her sociopathic tendencies fully develop. In the end, the scenes in which she appears become so repetitive, you could guess in advance what Asta will say and do in each given situation. All her life, she keeps complaining and feeling sorry for herself, even though this woman, who never had to work a day in her life, couldn't seriously claim there was any actual hardship in her life.Swanny and Ann, two other important characters in the novel, are also fussy boring women whose personalities are so flat you can hardly distinguish them from one another. Ann narrates everything she does (and she hardly ever does anything interesting) in so much painstaking detail, one can die of boredom while reading it. To give just one example, when she searches for her grandmother's diaries, she describes endlessly how she opened every single drawer or cupboard, and what she found there, and what color it was, and what it reminded her of, etc. And this goes on for 8 pages. When the reader is about to start howling, she, of course, finds the diaries in the most obvious place. This is what the entire book is like: a huge buildup that fizzles out in triviality.I guess no author, no matter how talented she is, can avoid writing at least one bad novel. This is probably Vine's worst book ever. If you suffer from a severe case of insomnia, make sure you buy it. Otherwise, I don't think anybody can honestly enjoy ASTA'S BOOK.
Now, I love Delillo.  So, it is with a bit of sadness that I write a negative review here.  White Noise, Libra and Underworld are like &#34;bibles&#34; to me.  He is a writer's writer...whatever that means.  But I feel like his writing style was getting in the way of telling a story here, which wasn't much of a story at all.  Perhaps this novel could've benefitted from tighter editing.  Within these pages we have moonies, terrorists, writers, world strife and war, large crowds in mourning or in marriage.  In short, many things related and unrelated, mostly unrelated, except in the writer's mind, I think.Unfortunately, I can't recommend this book.  Oddly enough, and this may sound strange to some of you, I would recommend you pass this one over for something simpler, say Cosmopolis.  If someone would like to enlighten me on Mao II, then be my guest.  For now, I simply view this novel as pretentious, self indulgent and uninteresting.  And no, it doesn't matter Thomas Pynchon sings its praises.  Pynchon's books are just as much of a mess as this one.  Honestly, what does Mao II intend to communicate?  Some of what it intends to communicate is obvious.  But my second question is simply: who cares?
This is the type of story you'd see on a TV news magazine show. Instead of taking a break during the story and going to a commercial in between, Grisham has to fill up space. I don't know if it was because he had to fill up pages, or because it allows him to express his own politcial views (D), but Grisham goes all out. Readers can tell that he is trying to talk about Wal-Mart and what it does coming to town (as he sees it), and he uses Vietnam to point out his feelings on Iraq. It's not enough just to point these out, he has to include the editorials and speeches in the text.Why do we have to read through this? This was an interesting story, but it stretched far too long. Where was the editor when this manuscript came in? Did they just let him ramble because they know it will be a bestseller? Just stick with the story. I don't care how short it is. Maybe put two together if you have to. I enjoyed the personal impact ending, as opposed to the plot ending, which was a bit lame.
This book was very weird. The author was obviously trying to push a feminist agenda. It wasn't An awful book. A little bit boring. Wouldn't read any others by the author.
Years ago I read "Jane Eyre" and enjoyed it quite a bit, more than most Victorian-era fiction I've read.  I came to "Wide Sargasso Sea" at a recommendation from a college professor who praised the book highly.  I am also very fond of fiction based on established literary, historic, and Biblical characters (such as Anita Diamont's "The Red Tent"), so I was looking forward to gaining some insight into Mr. Rochester's wife.  When I finally read it, though, I ended up hating it.  I got no insight whatsoever into the character.  It just skimmed the surface.  I like adapted fiction where I can start to understand who someone is, but this book left me no more the wiser.  Plus, the introduction to the version I had (printed 2002) is very misleading.  It said parts one and three are narrated by Mrs. Rochester, and part two by Mr., but the second part switches POV several times, and I wasn't able to follow along.  I do NOT recommend this book.
Part military history, part rant, part character assassination, and part conspiracy theory, Denis Winter's "Haig's Command" has, in a morbid sense, something for everyone.The central thesis of the book is simple, yet sensational: The "truth" about British military operations in France during the First World War was concealed for nearly fifty years because Field Marshal Douglas Haig, with the complicity of the British government, bowdlerized and rewrote the official records so that his own incompetence (and indirectly that of the British Government) would be hidden. Winter claims that the true story can be pieced together by comparing the histories and minutes of the Dominion records (i.e. Australian and Canadian) that escaped the censorious scalpel and became public record in the 1960s.From beginning to end, Winter unleashes a firestorm of abuse on Haig. To begin with, he says, Haig's military career is the story of a completely fabricated C.V. and the patronage of a few, well-placed figures in the British Army. Moreover, the author hints that Haig's relationship with these key mentors -- most notably Lords Kitchener and Esher -- may have been homosexual in nature.  As a Corps commander under Sir John French during the opening months of the war, Haig bungled every operation he was entrusted with, Winter says, so his eventual promotion to Field Marshal had nothing to do with battlefield performance.From the moment Haig takes command in December 1915, Winter's book so entirely rewrites the history of the Western Front that it is impossible to synthesize his points and accusations. Needless to say, everything you've read before is wrong; everything Haig did was a moronic disaster; and everything in the British war records is a willful, malicious lie.This book comes with the imprimatur of dusk jacket praise from Norman Stone, a respected historian of the First World War. It also lists some prominent endorsements for Winter's previous effort, the widely acclaimed "Death's Men." It isn't surprising that John Keegan and others refused to sign up in support of the author's latest work.If you are a serious student of military history and the First World War in particular, it may not be a bad idea to familiarize yourself with Winter's arguments, if only to reject them out of hand. Otherwise, don't bother with this book.
This is a book by a person who clearly has no real world experience in the word of digital forensic investigations.While the information is relevant; it should not be used as an authoritative text.There are much better titles and this should be used as a text of last resort.
I agree with what Micheal Levin writes at a website called The Daily Objectivist, Scrooge was better at the beginning!  He says: &quot;You know the ritual: boo the curmudgeon initially encountered in Charles Dickens's A  Christmas Carol, then cheer the sweetie pie he becomes in the end. It's too  bad no one notices that the curmudgeon had a point-quite a few points, in  fact. There can be no arguing with Dickens's wish to show the spiritual  advantages of love. But there was no need to make the object of his lesson  an entrepreneur whose ideas and practices benefit his employees, society at  large, and himself. Must such a man expect no fairer a fate than to die  scorned and alone? Bah, I say. Humbug.&quot; How could it be that an  obscure website like The Daily Objectivist would have the most intelligent  review of this book that I've ever seen?
I purchased this book hoping that it would have ideas to help me more successful in the extravert's world.  I was completely disappointed in this respect.  The book did little to help me become more successful in promoting myself and advertising the success that I enjoy, privately.The book did help me understand a couple of points about extraverts that I had previously overlooked.  That was about all I gained from it.
This book is a collection of essays written in academic jargon, designed to convince the reader that because s/he cannot understand the jargon it must be true. The authors reference work primarily written by members of their own group. This book would never stand up to an iota of peer-review. It's complete drivel and is insulting.
I read this at the urging of a friend. As background, I'm a retired professional investment advisor, have been through the Chartered Financial Analyst curriculum, and have decades of investing experience. I am therefore instantly suspicious of a book that promises on its back cover that "Anyone can learn to invest wisely with this bestselling investment system!"Granted, O'Neil clearly spends all his time with his charts, and otherwise must not get out yet. He comments that NASDAQ an OTC trading venue, not an exchange, when in fact NASDAQ gained exchange status in 2006. He thinks that air traffic accidents are investigated by the Civil Aeronautics Board, which lost its safety responsibilities to the FAA in 1978. Most tellingly, he writes, "Unfortunately, no original or thorough research on price pattern analysis has been done in the last 78 years." Even a brief perusal of the academic journals on investing and finance would have shown him that this isn't true.Much of the book focuses on chart reading. O'Neil includes many historical charts that clearly show his patterns. Unfortunately, many of the patterns are only clear in retrospect. For example, he describes a double-bottom pattern, shaped like a "W," where you should buy in as the right side moves up past the middle point of the W. Then he describes a double-bottom with handle, where the right side of the W is followed by a modest decline, and then you want to wait to buy until it reaches the top of the right side of the W. However, he describes no way to tell in advance whether the pattern will have a handle. By the time you know that there's a handle, you'll have already purchased on the right side of the W.As another example, he shows patterns for detecting market bottoms. However, you can look to the left of where he marks the bottom, and often see a false bottom that meets exactly the same criteria. I suspect that O'Neil, given his experience, has other ways to gauge the validity of these stock patterns. Unfortunately, if he can't describe them, it greatly reduces the value of the book.That probably explains why he adds the caveat that it takes years for someone to start reliably making money using his "system." Some people, with experience, will develop the same ability to figure out when the chart patterns are correct. However, it's very misleading to describe the book's contents as a "system," which in the investing world means a set of rules that can be strictly followed. Instead, it's a set of guidelines and philosophies on which you will have to add your own hard-earned experience to create a system.Which brings me back to the overinflated claim that, "Anyone can learn to invest wisely with this bestselling investment system!" It's absolutely false. So much is left to discretion that it will require someone with particular aptitudes to be successful at it. If you enjoy doing extensive analysis, have an innate skill at identifying visual patterns, and have the patience to study and learn chart reading, then you will probably be successful with O'Neil's approach. Someone who doesn't meet those criteria will almost certainly fail.Addendum: Since I wrote the review, there have been many comments (some quite nasty) from IBD fans. Many of these argue points that I don't even make in this review. In case the above is unclear, I am NOT saying that this book is worthless, rather that the book is correct that it'll take years of experience before you have built enough on the book's contents to be a profitable trader. And, the fact that some people have been very successful with this approach does not mean that anyone can succeed - I have been to IBD meetups where the majority of attendees have been trying for years to figure out how to trade profitably. I wish I understood why anyone, even an IBD practitioner, would be so deeply offended by this review.
Nil desperandum est. This book is to mystery novels what Alma is to Gustav...better Xenophon to Themistocles. The very cornucopia fed to Incitatus; cui bonii optimii. Tartt is not one to wear her erudition lightly. Sophomoric quotes from Goddard to Suetonius to Chesterton leap from the pages to illuminate the most banal of thoughts. This is a book where you are in suspense until page 1. The following 600 serve to add luster to the one-dimensional characters until they arise, chrysalis like, into fully-fledged two dimensions. Some hostile reviewers believe that Tartt merely loaded the Oxford Dictionary of quotations into a blunderbuss and picked up the pieces in random, eulogizing one per half page. But that would be scurrilous and beyond the enmity of Agrippina equal, forse qui, to the misogyny of Polonius.If you like this review, you will love this novel. Otherwise, stay clear.
Cant open this book on cloud and smaller device . . . . . . . . . . . .
I thought this was going to be a Spiritually Profound work. So it disappointed me greatly n couldn't drag m'self thru all of it! Sorry!
In this memoir written by the usually readable Grisham, an extremely precocious 7-year old is the narrator.  No 7-year old I have ever met could think like this character.  The reader waits the entire book for something to happen and nothing ever does. It was quite a disappointment, as Grisham's stories are usually so riveting, you can't put them down.  This was a waste of time and money.  It is much like the new Baldacci novel, both of which should be missed.
I have read most of Rendell's books - watch avidly for the latest one. I was so happy to get this one on my Kindle. But, now that I've read it, I am left with a sense of ....'what'?It took 1/3 of the book to get the names straight and who was who and why they were even in the story. I understand the book itself had some sort of map in the beginning, the Kindle didn't.I read it through to the end and  can't say I even understood what went on - who did what and why - and the ending was awful.Every so often she has one that is a klunker - and this is one.I will still read her books because 'when they are good they are very, very good'Still waiting for another Inspector Wexford.~Margeaw~
I had not read the reviews here before i bought the book at a local bookstore.  But after reading the first couple of chapters i started wondering if it's me or the author.  I could not make any sense of his writing. He is laborious, verbose, with too many references to elusive hints.  The book tries to be ponderous but in my opinion is a cover up for light weight information.  He seems to oversimply the complicated and complicate the simple things, as another reviewer mentioned.  Save your money.
I read a number of the Seth books back in the early 70's when I was walking down that worn out cattle trail so many traverse but rarely seem to come to the end of, &quot;searching for truth&quot;. At that time it was  not popular to be into such things and I was considered a weirdo. Now of  course we have psychic hotlines for the stupid, puposeless masses, and what  was once weird is now ok. When I read the Seth books, particularly Seth  Speaks, I thought I'd found &quot;IT&quot;. I was so sure of it (it felt so  right to me) that I kept trying to persuade my friends to check it out. At  best they simply tolerated me and wondered just why I was the way I was.  Now it's over 20 years later and I'm older and, through hard experience,  somewhat wiser. I won't go into detail because this isn't the place for it,  but my advice to you folks is to leave this Seth stuff alone. It isn't  true, at least not fully true, and there is a pleasing deceptiveness to it  (behind all the gracious, tolerant, kind words of Seth) that will get you  into a deluded state you won't realize. You'll be like a lobster who  doesn't know he's boiling because the water temperature only increases  gradually. I know that probably no one will want to hear what I just said.  If someone said it to me during the days when I was SURE that Seth was the  definitive word on the spirit world I doubt I'd have listened. Yet, if you  ever get into some situation in life where reality overrides your current  warm feelings about Seth (as reality has a nasty way of doing about a lot  of things) perhaps you'll remember my words and at least realize that there  are some who have walked this way and found out it was just an illusion,  yet life has gone on just fine. I'm only rating it one star because there  is no option for none.
Every gangster story written by Mario Puzo would probably be compared to The Godfather which is an all time classic. This comparison may not be fair, but since I read The Last Don immediately after reading The Godfather, I cant help but compare the two. Compared to The Godfather, this book is a meandering and contrived story that failed to arouse my enthusiasm. The ending is predictable and the book gets more boring as the story develops. I would not recommend this book unless you are a Puzo fan.
I listened to this, unabridged, on audio CD. 42 CDs. I thought I'd never finish. Clinton painstakingly recounts every single event in his life and describes everyone he's ever met. It's too much information.This book could have been so much better if he focused on just the highlights and didn't try to provide an entire history of the world from the time he was born until the end of his presidency.As much as I respect Bill Clinton for his accomplishments as president, I'm giving the book 2 stars because it's overkill.Unless you have a lot of time on your hands, get the abridged version.
This book was introduced to me as "highly recommended."  It was an extreme disappointment. Simple can be charming, and less can be more, but not in this case.The writer seems to think that his audience is about, oh, say, seven years old.  (I won't go as high as eight, since even the South Park gang would find it too puerile.) Hem, Haw and Co. are less dynamic than Dick and Jane, and less intelligent as well, if that is possible.No one enjoys being spoken down to, and this has to be one of the most extreme examples of supercilious writing I have ever encountered. It is not only boring, but insulting to the reader. The only reason I finished this literary work was because I was incredulous that it was considered a "best seller" and a motivator for employees. If the supervisors in a company really think the employees are such dolts that "literature" (or should I say litter-ature?) such as this is the answer, we are indeed in peril.Corny, home-spun humor as a teaching tool has its place, (far, far away, one hopes) and this is where "Who Moved the Cheese" should be laid to rest.
This is the fictional version of Jones' Tough Guide to Fantasyland. I enjoyed that book. Not this one, though. It is over 500 pages of sadism which, apparently, is supposed to be funny. It is not.I absolutely would not allow a child to read it and I would be suspicious of any adult who enjoyed it.
I enjoyed very much two of Murakam'si books: The Wind-up Bird Chronicle and 1Q84. So I bought 4 books more and this is the first of the four Ihave  read. A complete waste of money aand time. While in the two books mentioned above, the absurd situations in this book have no meaning. While in the other books the absurd had a purpose and felt like part of the plot, here it is just that: absurd. The unecessary details are boring: I don't see the point of describing which every single caracther is wearing each time named caracther appears and also each food everyone is eating every single time. This repetition of unimportant details is lack of respect towards the reader. The sex scenes sound out of place, are tacky and meaningless. I don't mind sex in books at all. In the A song of Ice and Fire series there are lots of sex, but it felt like part of the story, into context. That doesn't happen here. The sex scenes are unclassy and without context. The plot itself is nonexistent. The carathers are shallow and their "depth" is just a desguise for their lack of complexity. The quotations of phylosophers and writers aren't related to the context, being just a name dropper boring stuff. The animal torture scenes are horrible and shows a deep lack of taste. For me, the sign of a good book is not being able to put it down, just like the sign of a bad one is to make myself read in order to finish. No need to say what happened when I was reading this one.
I had not read either Red Dragon or Silence of the Lambs before Hannibal came out, so I chose to read the three in chronological order. After being highly impressed with the quality of the first two books, I was fairly  disappointed with Hannibal. Whereas in the first two books Harris does a  solid job exploring the minds of both serial killers and those who track  them, he descends into mindless psycho-babble in this third installment. I  found the ending and the events that led up to it so difficult to believe,  that I almost read it again just to be sure I did not miss anything. As a  psychology graduate student, I was almost insulted at his explanation for  the climactic turn of events. I feel as if he put forth great effort to  develop the characters of Hannibal Lecter, Agent Starling, and other  supporting characters in the first two books, only to destroy all he  accomplished in this third installment. If you enjoyed Harris' first two  books, do yourself a favor and re-read them instead of buying this one.
I have always enjoyed betty crocker cookbooks but was sorely disappointed with this publication. I will be more careful in the future.
the plot lines in this recent book was not up to rendell's previously written books. to many characters with names hard to pronounce. this made it difficult to keep up with the characters when at the same time one's brain is having a problem thinking about how to pronounce the characters name. also very disappointed in the ending, just plain dumb!! i do not like giving a bad review on an author i have loved for years but save your money
I was disappointed to see that the section on Male Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome (aka chronic prostatitis) was simply out of date and incorrect, saying that the cause was infectious. We have over a decade of research pointing away from this conclusion, but seemingly Harrison's has been asleep during all these advances.
The book certainly was depressing but I kept reading it because the cover had promised a 'happy ending'. I'm sorry, but I did not see the happy ending. All I read about was Ben  who had to struggle much more against rigid expectation than with his developmental disability. And his mother who went from "why is my son so different, I am disgusted by him" to "it is not my fault but he still disgusts me" to "look-at-me I can interact with my son without feeling disgusted and I am a 'tireless advocate for people with dissabilities'". I am sorry, but she needs to get over herself in the worst way. I know that is probably not entirely fair of me to say. I can accept Ben as a person with Aspergers and  maybe I should accept that his mother is who she is. I would think that she is a Type A and  going from trying to fix her son to  'I m an advocate - let's write a book about it', might be a huge improvement, but it is still the flipside of the same coin.I have a son with high functioning autism and  I  can related to having your heart sink every time you realize how different your child ticks. I am awake at night worrying how his life will be. But I always knew that my job was to love and protect. Parenting will teach you about yourself but at the end of the day it is about your child not you.
My sister and I are basically literature partners in crime. Maybe that's why we get along so well. We basically will go to each other "Hey check out this awesome book called ________! I'll lend you my copy!" every week. Me being the bookworm I am, she raved about this book like it was the second coming of Jesus. However my parents both hated the book, calling it "dated garbage". Nonetheless I chose to ignore the warning signs and borrowed her copy in the wink of an eye.I'm never doing that again. Especially not after reading this garbage.This is quite possibly the most over-rated book ever. Even moreso than Twilight or any Robert Jordan book. This book took me a MONTH to get through, it's so boring... and it's only 214 pages.I can literally not name a single memorable thing about this book. 75% of the time I felt like I was reading the incoherent ramblings of a stoner. Plus, if I wanted to read complaints about life and people, I'd listen to a crappy emo band. I'm serious, it really is that bad. I really can't tell if this book has a story at all- aside from some kid who clearly has issues. Yeah he gets kicked out of school, yeah he has a crappy family life, yeah he's screwing up his life at 16. Problem is... WHO CARES??????The writing is so poor I'm amazed I didn't throw this book in the trash. Salinger clearly has a lack of vocabulary, as the word "goddam" appeared at least 20 times per page, and at least in every line of Holden's.  Towards the end I got so tired of J.D.'s lack of vocabulary or lack of ways to portray Holden's expletive-riddled mind I was just waiting for the end of the book to come. Oh and don't get me started on the amount of times the word "phony" was repeated. That, plus I swear there were a lot of pages where the same description of someone was repeated 3 times but just re-worded differently.I'll admit I can forgive bad writing if the book has good story development or interesting characters. This has neither. The plot isn't a plot. It's just a bunch of rants and uninteresting stories thrown together. Holden is an awful character- I find it baffling people look up to this guy. He just strikes me as a loser. His swearing doesn't make him a badass. His sexual conquests don't make him badass. He's just a cheap lowlife with issues.I'm ready for your "THIS BOOK IS ART AND YOU DON'T GET IT!!!!" insults, so go right ahead. I'm sure it's art. But you can puke all over a canvas and call it art, at the end of the day it's still puke.
Not recommended!!!I cannot begin to tell you what a dissapointment this was.  First, the entire book needed at least two more editings.  Even had I enjoyed the plot (which was gastly in and of itself), the writing was  attrocious!  (As a previous critic said, you could easily begin at the back  and simply remove pages at random!)I fear that like Stephen King, Thomas  Harris has also decided to forego any real attempt at writing well and to  simply slap his name on trash labeled as horror (read horrible)  fiction!Alas...another author stricken from my reading list!
I haven't had time to read this book yet but am looking forward to it. It sounds like a very interesting story.
Wow, this is an exercise in boring yourself to pieces.  Great looking book for your shelf to collect dust after use.  Sure it is probably required which is why you are even wasting your heartbeats reading this review, but it is dreadful.  It works,  you will pass your exams but tearfully boring and dreadful reading.
I found this book very difficult to "get into".  I keep going back to it, but it just does not appeal to me.
It's just a direct &quot;copy&quot; of the marketing classics by the same authors &quot;Positioning&quot;. Not many new idea there.
A recent book from Wharton's Milken Institute Series on Financial Innovations is titled, Fixing the Housing Market. I expected the book would provide a brief review of what caused the crash, and then spend the bulk of the presentation on alternative solutions. Instead, the authors provide a lengthy historical framework and lots of global data. Their analysis of the data seemed shallow, and almost all of the book covers history and data. By the time the solutions were presented, they seemed vague and too generalized to be useful. Readers looking to understand housing over the past hundred years will find useful information here. Those looking for cogent recommendations for solving our problems should look elsewhere.Rating: Two-star (Mildly Recommended)
I read this book because it's on the reading list for an English class I was thinking of taking -- I don't think I'll take the class after all!The main male character in the story is supposed to be Mr. Rochester from "Jane Eyre," and the story centers around his relationship with his first wife, Bertha Mason (in "Wide Sargasso Sea" also named Antoinette Cosway).  In "Jane Eyre," Bertha doesn't really figure much and was supposed to have been a madwoman from a long line of hereditary schizophrenics and idiots.  But in "Wide Sargasso Sea" Bertha/Antoinette is really a nice, healthy, poor little rich girl, and it is Rochester's unkind, unsympathetic, hot-and-cold English ways that make her go crazy.  An important idea in "Wide Sargasso Sea," in fact the premise that Jean Rhys sets out to prove, is that the portrayal of Rochester in "Jane Eyre" was a whitewash, and that he was really not a nice guy at all.I really wanted to take this class so I worked hard at keeping my mind open, but I've gotten to page 160 and can't go on anymore.  If this is Mr. Rochester, I'm Tom Wolfe.In "Wide Sargasso Sea," for instance, Rochester is fully aware that he is marrying for money and he deliberately lies to Bertha/Antoinette, telling her he loves her.  This Rochester is also a miser.  He is sexually predacious and sleeps with one of the servants where Bertha/Antoinette can hear them in an (unforeshadowed and unexplained) attempt to use sex to mess with Bertha's/Antoinette's mind.All right, that's not at all the Rochester in "Jane Eyre," but let's make allowances because he is 20 years younger at the time of "Wide Sargasso Sea" -- let's suppose that in "Jane Eyre," with age, he has become more honest, more sober, more generous.  But he is prudent and refrains from telling Jane this version of earlier events.  (Highly unlikely since he told her other unflattering things about himself, but vaguely possible -- let's close one eye and keep reading.)But as we read on we stumble upon lots of other collateral evidence that Rhys' Rochester is really not Rochester, in fact is no man at all.  For example:  Mr. Rochester talks not as he does in "Jane Eyre," expressively and refinedly, in long, complex sentences with a poet's range of vocabulary, but almost exactly the same way that the other characters in Wide Sargasso Sea talk -- in often lyrical, but choppy and incomplete sentences.  And sometimes he's downright awkward:  for instance, on P. 69, Mr. Rochester looks at the countryside around him in wonder.  " 'What an extreme green,' was all I could say," he tells us.  Ouch.Okay, in "Jane Eyre" it wasn't really Mr. Rochester who was talking, it was Jane telling us what Mr. Rochester said, so maybe it was Jane's eloquence, not his.  But as the story progesses, he gets more and more un-Rochesterlike and the world of the book less and less early 19th century.  Rochester and Antoinette hang out at her house all day for weeks on end:  no local English gentry, travellers, or missionaries visit them;  Rochester never goes out for long, brisk, English walks or, better yet, horseback rides;  he doesn't think of work or any sort of industry at all.  Even if he is supposedly getting over a fever, this is simply not English behavior.Towards the end, in fact, Rochester's voice and character is completely indistinguishable from Bertha/Antoinette's.  On page 149, the housekeeper is scolding him and he says, "I couldn't bear any more and again I went out of the room..."  And in the next paragraph:  "...it seemed to me that everything round me was hostile.  The telescope drew away and said don't touch me."  (Ooh, that hurts, all right.)On p. 154 we learn why Rhys needed to rename Bertha "Antoinette" (besides the fact that Bertha didn't sound pretty to her 20th century ears) when Rochester admits that he, in a Freudian slip, started calling her Marionette -- this as proof of his wily "Gaslight"-type intention to psychologically destroy her.  (Wow!  Proof that, even in those days, men were just like they are now!  Primo deconstruction, Rhys!)  Rochester admits this, by the way, in the middle of a long tete-a-tete with Bertha/Antoinette's black servant, whom for some (again unforeshadowed and unexplained) reason he suddenly starts treating as an equal, even an intimate, where before he had logically held himself aloof from the servants.  He even, on page 158, asks her opinion on how much money he should have to settle on Bertha if he left her!  (That's when I had to leave!)I've given the book two stars because Rhys writes well and often prettily.  But she's simply not versatile enough, in voice or in psychology, to take on such a task as she has here.
Perhaps because the author has spent much time coaching young women about basic finance in the United States, she may have come to consider their plights as universal, and therefore not thought to qualify the title to that segment of the population. Granted, the subtitle reads, "Get the Mindset and Discipline You Need to Build Your Financial Life." However, some readers may not understand she means from ground zero.I'm not a financial wizard, yet I found nothing new in these pages. I did find a lot of anecdotal information and a lot of to-do lists.The book did not seem well organized to me. The beginning had a number of quotes from important people, which led me to expect great insider information. The beginning of each chapter also had some interesting quotes. Sadly, I found the quotes to be the most interesting bits in the book.Since this is a coaching book, here's my responding anecdote to give an example of coaching differences. There were two coaches for my high school tennis team. One was good at cheers and slogans, "Come on, ace that serve!" "Corner, corner, corner!" etc. Her shouting lended energy to the players if they were starting to lag, but most times proved distracting. The other coach sat us down before the matches and reviewed what she knew about the players we'd be facing. She warmed us up with specific exercises and described how each one worked to enhance our backhands, etc. And she checked our racket faces for any loose areas. She spoke softly and not often, but we all hung on her every word, from greenest freshman to seasoned senior, because it worked for all of us.For me, Psych Yourself Rich would have been the sort of book written by the first coach.
I'm not impressed.  The tone of the book is slightly pompous ... and the reader's style only makes this worse.  The ideas were interesting, but nothing really revolutionary.  I agree that with the authors ideas and his frustrations with Windows, and yes, speach recognition would be great.
I'll be upfront about it: I didn't finish it. After about 80% of it I just didn't care anymore. Here's a sampler of the flaws I think are present in the Rof4:1 - Suspension of disbelief takes a major hit early on when we're told that the 1st snowfall of the winter takes place shortly before Easter. Please, the location is New Jersey; I would believe mole men emerging from cracks in the earth & taking over the campus sooner than I would believe the 1st snow occurs in April.2 - Way too many events in too little time. The 1st 2/3rds of the book covers perhaps 6 hours - so many different things are supposed to occur that only Jack Bauer would be capable of doing all of them.3 - Flashbacks are used to describe the breaking of the codes, the narrator's relationship w/ girlfriend, etc. Not too much tension; a better structure would have a chronological narration with a whirlwind finish.4 - The 'mystery' is not a big deal, just some messages encrypted in the Philo-whatever. Even if the novel had a chronological narration the reader wouldn't have an opportunity to solve them. Dan Brown devotees be warned...5 - Some have described the Rule of 4 as a cross between 'Catcher in the Rye' & 'Da Vinci Code'. Those folks had better re-read Catcher & Code; the Rule of 4 doesn't come close to either of them. {For the record, I thought Da Vinci Code was actually well done, Brown's previous Angels & Demons is trash & Catcher in the Rye is a classic that I'm glad to have read but am not planning on rereading in my lifetime}
The problem with this book is that it tries to be both a phrase book and a language learning book at once, and fails at both. There is virtually no grammar instruction whatsoever in this book. Instead new vocab is only introduced in full sentence "phrases", like a phrase book does. At first glance it would seem that the authors were unaware that Greek is an inflected language. There is no explanation of the genitive and accusative cases and new vocab is introduced both in the text and in the dictionary at the back of the book without also providing the genitive ending for words.The book is also very poor in explaining how to conjugate words, some of the verbs are introduced only in the 1st person singular, others are only introduced using the 2nd person plural, and yet others are only introduced using the first person plural.What this means is that every time a new word is introduced, the learner needs to spend about 5-10 minutes searching the internet trying to find the other grammatical forms of the word and thus how the new word could actually be used in a sentence (aside from the single sentence provided in the text). I used Google translation tools or wiktionary for this, but they are far from perfect resources. Seeing as every chapter has about 30 new words in it, this means that the learner needs to spend about 3 hours searching the internet for each chapter.Let me give an example, in one chapter the phrase "mprosta sas" ("in front of you") is introduced. But there is no explanation of how to grammatically modify the phrase to say "in front of me" or "in front of them". After searching on the internet, I found out that "sas" can either be the genitive or the accusative form of "you". I think (but I am still not 100% sure) that one needs to use the genitive of the personal pronoun rather than the accusative, therefore "mprosta mou" would be "in front of me", but the book did not help much in working that one out.Another annoying thing about the book is that not all of the vocab introduced in each chapter are included in the dictionary or in the chapter itself, and since the reading and listening passages are not translated, again one has to go search the internet to find their meanings.For each reading passage, there is a translation using the Latin/Western European alphabet. This is definitely an essential addition for say the first 5 chapters because it takes a while to get used to reading the Greek letters. However after that it becomes a waste of space (it would be better to use that space to include an english translation of the passage).The one saving grace about this book is the CDS, for every reading passage, there is an excellent audio recording where Greek people actually say the passages at a normal pace. It helped me immensely in my listening skills. However even the CDs are annoying in one way. For each listening passage, there is a long and totally unnecessary introduction to the Greek passage in English ("Tim and Mary are now in a travel agent and are asking about.......")I use the audio CDS all the time, I must have listened to each passage about 50 times, so I have had to fastforward through the english introductions 50 times. At least if the English intros were on separate CD track, I could just press the skip button.I could not decide whether to give this book 2 or 3 stars, I ended up deciding on 2, but I would like to break it down further by rating it on different skill sets:Reading: 4 stars (good explanation of alphabet and good transliteration)Writing: 1 star (little explanation of grammar so no way to form one's own sentences)Speaking: 2 stars (whilst there is little explanation of grammar for forming one's own sentences, at least the audio recordings help the listener with pronunciation)Listening: 5 stars (excellent audio recordings for passages)
I usually adore Anne Rice's books, but for some reason this one I couldn't even get half way through.  Not only was it slow, but it seemed almost too personal.
I first read the &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; in high school (many moons ago) on the recommendation of all my female, high school friends (who, it should be noted, were into &quot;experimental theology&quot;), and because  everywhere I turned there was hoopla.  &quot;The Arthurian Legend from the  female's perspective!&quot;  &quot;Gripping!&quot;  &quot;Epic!&quot;  And  so forth.Undaunted by its size (a fan of Hugo and Dostoyevsky comes to  expect a few thousand pages), I delved in, expecting to be swept up into  the gripping, epic, feminist legend.  What I discovered was exactly the  opposite.&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; is long, poorly written, poorly  characterized, agenda-ridden, historically and mythically inaccurate and -  worst of all - dull.  I found the characters completely unsympathetic, the  sex scenes gruesome and drawn-out, the perspective offensive (i.e.,  violently anti-Christian, a strange perspective for one who claimed Christ  on her webpage), and the prose plodding.As for the feminist aspect, if  &quot;feminism&quot; means the maligning of the opposite sex and the  desecration of erroniously titled &quot;patriarchial religions&quot; - then  this is an excellent example of feminist literature.  If, however, feminism  implies the female's perspective, then Ms. Bradley completely missed the  mark with her unsympathetic, libido or emotionally driven women who  themselves do not understand the fullness, richness and awesome domestic  power of the fair sex.The only impetus to finish the book was that I  tore a corner of the unweildy thing and felt so badly (it was borrowed from  a friend) that I bought another copy for the owner, and now owned a copy  myself.  The lure of consumerism snared me, and I finished the darn thing -  after many, many months.However, despite such a moribund review, I will  give &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; two stars: the first for effort (one can  only imagine the work that went into producing such a tome), and the second  for the revenue it produced which funded Marion Zimmer Bradley's Fantasy  Magazine.  Ms. Bradley, may God rest her soul, was an excellent editor and  mentor.  But as an authoress, she lacked.
I was excited to get this book, I was recently promoted to a manager role and have been reading a lot of various books to inprove me effectiveness in my new position. This book however was one of the first I read in the Fast Track series and you can tell that they are trying to have a structure for this book. But that structure is the downfall of it. The substance is good but they force it in an unnatural way into a particular layout and it goes from being a book on teaching you how to manage and transforms into a book on how not to write effectively. A lot of content, great layouts but not much substance. I would go with one of the many other people managing books on the market. This one is "ok" but for me it's not getting a space on my bookshelf.
The book basically depicts the clash of two individuals and one family all star-crossed and fate entwined in an embroilded situation. Each page is a narrative of trains in an ultimate but predictable collision which you can speculate to have a metal twisting explosion. The story gets al little bit exciting towards the latter part, but the ending leaves a lot to be desired.
I absolutely loved this author's book Jerusalem but was really let down with this one. Oh well I just resold it on consignment so somebody got a good deal.
I would probably rate "The Last Juror" as 2.5 stars, but since Amazon won't let me do that, and since I am absolutely certain that John Grisham could have done much better, I'm going to round down rather than round up.  This is a plodding novel with an obvious plot and a not-very-satisfying ending (no spoilers here).  It is a decent read for a boring rainy afternoon, or a warm afternoon at the beach, but that is about it.In a nutshell, this is the story of a very bad family in Mississippi who are involved in moonshining, drugs, etc.  One of the family scions commits a dreadful rape-murder, and is sentenced to life imprisonment.  He vows to seek revenge on the jurors, and sure enough, when he is released the jurors start getting shot or killed.  More would be telling, except that there  is not much more to tell.The story is told from the perspective of the owner of the town newspaper owner/editor.  Grisham almost manages to make this chap an interesting character (Grisham is not known for the three-dimensionality of his characters) but he fails.  Mostly the  protagonist-editor relates a series of endless meals with the family of one of the jurors.  He manages to make this boring too.  The novel goes off on all kinds of tangents about news reporting of the civil rights movement in the 1960s South, and later the struggle between megastores (i.e. a thinly disguised clone of Wal-Mart) and mom-and-pop storefront stores.  This is mildly interesting, but has absolutely nothing to do with the plot, and nothing to do with the characters either.  Basically it simply represents Grisham on various soapboxes.  Maybe he gets paid by the word; that is all I can think of.By the way, Grisham can usually be depended upon to at least write an interesting narrative of a trial.  Not here.  Here the trial is one dimensional and caricaturistic--never was there a more reprehensible villain or less suspense as regards the outcome.  He could have summarized the trial on a page or two and entertained the reader no less.I gave it 2.5 stars because Grisham's prose is not bad, and the novel did contain some interesting insights about life and news in a small Southern town which was interesting to a Southern California boy like myself.  But this novel seems to have been written to make Grisham's Mercedes payment or something.  It had little to say, and managed to take 500 pages to say it.  Entertaining, but that is all, from an author capable of better.
Ugh, I am purely disappointed! My friends would always reference this book and I heard it was once banned and finally, I just gave in and oh my... I should never have bought it. I hated it, hated it, hated it. It was uninteresting, but I kept thinking it would be good or turn good and nope... it was terrible.
I started reading this book because it is on so many &#34;top 100&#34; and &#34;must reads&#34; lists.  I made it about 2/3rds of the way through before giving up on this boring and pointless story.  I cannot for the life of me figure out why this guy is a so-called great author.  He is second rate.  Seriously.
I bought this book after seeing the movie, "The Conjuring." I was intrigued by the idea of Ed and Lorraine Warren and while I'm a skeptic when it comes to the supernatural, I do tend to keep somewhat of an open mind and am not completely closed off to the idea of it. This book did absolutely nothing to make me think it's nothing but a load of smoke and mirrors. For one thing, the writing style is almost like a fan writing a biography of their hero. There are far too many exclamation points...I tend to think exclamation points tend to detract from the authenticity of a statement; it's too much of a personal form of punctuation. Exclamation points aside, it all just seems rather...silly. It's told in a way where the story is handed to you by an all-believing narrator. There are lots of comments from Ed and Lorraine in the book but since they 100% believe in what they do, it's hard get a grasp on what's really happening. As somewhat of a skeptic, I would have liked some 'outsider' viewpoints. Another problem with it is that, again, as a skeptic, I tend to want to know the "other side of the story". If they had some commentary from people in the book that were originally non-believers who saw things that made them think there was some merit to the claim of demons, it would have gone a long way. Another issue I had is the mythology of the demonology in here. One of my pet peeves is using the 'Lucifer as fallen angel' story as a fact. Thanks to Milton, most people tend to name Satan as Lucifer when, really, there is nothing in the Bible that tells the story of Lucifer being God's favourite angel who, after betraying his Lord, was thrown to Hell and became Satan. This is why I get irritated when 'demonologists' turn to the myth of Lucifer. It's an easy way to name a "demon". If this book had a neutral narrator, I think it might have been better. However, unfortunately, it has the feel of a high school groupie who's writing about his hero. I read it because I wanted to have goosebumps at the possibly of there being truth in the encounters of Ed and Lorraine. Instead, I found myself saying, "Oh, come on!" far too much. Not my cup of tea, I'm afraid.
I wanted to learn how to use CD and it just wasn't friendly enough. It makes a fine reference book for someone who already knows the basics of CD, but terrible for a new beginner
Nothing new but so many words to say so little, starting with five pages of acknowledgements.This is another book that might justify a short white paper at a conference.  The fundamental premise is that "compliance" is often superimposed on existing organizational activities when it should be designed in: "...too many operations address compliance by building ever more complex bureaucracies to generate artifacts for compliance."  The "systems engineering" thought is that optimizing all the individual parts can lead to sub-optimizing the whole: "Each component competes for optimization in that system but can't be independently optimized or the whole system will collapse...."  The third premise is that businesses need to identify and focus on the purpose of the business: "organizations need to focus on purposes and outcomes... We don't practice our golf swing just to practice; we practice it to get better at golf."  These thoughts are accurate, but certainly not new individually or collectively.  Arguably, this is another "Lean" book, just more verbose and theoretical than most.  You can skip Chapters 1-6, Chapter 7 summarizes them well enough.You're way ahead with a copy of one of the Value Stream Mapping texts, like the original "Learning to See: Value Stream Mapping to Add Value and Eliminate Muda" [waste].  Compliance issues are included in, not added to, competent Value Stream Mapping. The problem with Value Stream Mapping is that it is an analysis tool, not a synthesis tool.  Author Hillel's addition here is simply to be careful not to sub-optimize the whole by optimizing the parts. Lots of "what" not "how."The author should listen to his own critique: "Too many business books put their ideas together in such a way that you have to read the entire book to see all the pieces and then you're left trying to put the pieces together yourself."  This book has a lot of very high level "what's wrong in the business operations," borrowing thoughts from a host of popular business texts such as "The Goal" and "Good to Great." And of course there's the mandatory "Rocky" (starring Sylvester Stallone) allusion."Compliance" is a central theme of the text, described more than defined: "The properties of compliance include adherence and governance. Adherence includes things that need to be regularly and periodically audited, assessed, appraised, evaluate, and demonstrated.  Tasks such as keeping the books, ensuring legal requirements are met, running projects, and managing service delivery and product development expenses are all shades of governance." If you like this definition, you might like the book.Along with being "the world's leading authority on introducing lean and agile concepts into the compliance driven world," Mr. Hillel is a pilot and is anxious that we all know that.  The book has a pervasive flying metaphor that's belabored and artificial.  "Using an airplane analogy, we described compliance as a drag on the operation...We described a high performance operation as one that deals with drag in a way that also allows for better lift, speed, range, duration, and payload."The final chapters of the book purport to offer systems engineering "synthesis" concepts, but all they do is very, very briefly describe "what" has to be done, not how to do it and the what is described in terms like "architecture" that would typically only mean something useful to someone experienced in system design.The final chapter is an odd contradiction to the major premise of the book, though there's nothing about modern thought that requires consistency.  The major premise is that compliance needs to be integrated within operations rather than an add-on.  If it isn't integrated, it becomes and end in itself and grows an inefficient, wasteful bureaucracy to support it.  The author would have you build a different bureaucracy, something that looks a lot like the "Quality" function in many organizations. This evolutionary bureaucracy is the Performance Excellence Office (PEO) with its evolution described in the final chapter as follows.The last chapter starts with a flashback by a person at the "helm" of a fictional high performance company basking in the success of a five year effort, leading by example no doubt, by arriving at work at 10:37 AM. "No one is surprised to see you at that hour." It continues with a second person reflection "You quickly established that a minimum of 10% of everyone's time would be made available to participate on operation performance teams...You created the company's first internal blog and used that to centralize communication.  But the blog quickly grew into shared spaces and collaborative tools....You also made it clear that anyone could petition for more time to dedicate to performance team work...However...there needed to be more formal coordination and communication...you selected... to form the performance excellence office (PEO)... Things began to really hum in the operation.  However, one thing began to hum...like the sound of a freight train...That thing was data...you needed systems to manage all that data..."Then there's a little section about "experts" (consultants, perhaps the author?).  "For this, you brought in experts for each of the thorniest compliance problems you faced...The experts worked only part-time.  Their jobs were not as much to do the PEO's work, but to teach and mentor by doing and for the PEO to learn by doing."Wish I could have found a pony in this one.
Hemingway is a great writer - this book does nothing but degrade, demote, and humiliate him. An undoubtedly horrible piece literature. The whole damned book is either set at caf&eacute;s or restaurants, for that's where all the  main characters are always at.When I was at around page 200, I was  telling myself: &quot;Man, I just know this book is not going to end in  such tedium. It'll have an unexpected ending or something, like A Farewell  to Arms - something has to happen!&quot; But, alas! my prayers were all in  vain - nothing ever happened. And that's it. Show's over. The end.Where  the hell do people come off giving this book rave reviews and high acclaim?  Where do these crackheads come from? The dialogue was horrible, the  storyline utterly horrific. Nothing ever f---ing happens. This book was  nothing like A Farewell to Arms or The Old Man and the Sea - it was BORING!I don't know; if the next book I read by Hemingway is like this, I'm  gonna have to give a farewell to Hemingway.
First of all, I bought this book with an open mind about active investing, hoping that the author would provide clear guidelines on stock investing. Instead what I read was a stock picking method that relies too much on retrospective stock performance and trading patterns, whose unexplained extrapolation to current market conditions triggers the buying and selling of stock shares.  In future editions of this book, I invite the author to present bonfide evidence that validates the success of CANSLIM, otherwise all you have is a book that instills false hope and the lure of making money based on a method whose results will be hit-or-miss at best. I felt that CANSLIM was like blindly throwing darts at a wall written with the names of all the stocks in a top-performing sector filled with winners and losers. There are no guarantees in Mr. O'Neil's work, and you have to work very hard to understand market psychology, fundamentals, and trading patterns to achieve any worthwhile success. It's like trying to divine human greed and fear in the market place at the right time, and that is not possible most of the time. This is not a compelling book for a sound investing strategy.
The text is great, the presentation and publisher are horrible.McGraw Hill's Connect feature is just about the worst designed online homework service out there (I've used several others). It's slow, it will drop your connection and your answers. It isn't encrypted like the other services out there, so if you enter any personal information or someone happens to be just a little malicious your answers can be altered. If you have any choice in the matter (your professor hasn't assigned this) do not use this service.The test questions often have incorrect information as can be easily seen in practice tests that outline the discrepancy between the stated problem and the numbers the program uses to calculate your now incorrect score! It is obviously written by English as a Second Language writers with numerous significant grammatical errors. Also, the form fill feature that you might see for entering shipping addresses online? This saves your answers into the text boxes - great for when you've answered everything and then get disconnected, bad for when you're trying to learn or take a quiz.
This book is littered with errors and inconsistencies.More than once the author shows a complete lack of understanding of the most basic design principles of the Java language and platform, like when he asserts that Java parameter passing uses pass by reference (it doesn't, ever, as is clearly stated in the language specification).Not recommended, except maybe if you need a sturdy doorstop or some decent kindling for your fireplace.
Very rare (unique?) among personal records of the Grande Arm&eacute;e in that it's the memoirs of a simple private, not an officer or a gentleman, and a German conscript at that. The downside to that is that young Jakob has little idea of the big picture, and (being a German and a conscript) doesn't much care: he just goes where he's told and does what he's told, and tries to survive. In the 1806/7 campaigns in Germany he's mostly on foraging duty and escorting supply trains; in the 1809 campaign (Austria) he sees some combat, but far away from the big-name battles. Then comes 1812, and he marches east: Smolensk, Borodino, and the disastrous retreat--very grim reading, not recommended for reading in January. But he makes it home in the end, gets invalided out, and lives happily ever after.A couple things about the book as a book (besides Walter's adventures): for one thing, it's not really a diary, it's his memoirs as written down years later, so it's not full of day-by-day detail. For another, the quality of the translation is surprisingly clunky, and the proofreading poor. On the plus side, there's also included a half-dozen letters home from other German soldiers, for some more grunt's-eye-view of the Russian campaign (hint: grim, even before the retreat).Interesting once, but short, little replay value, and then there's the reading quality issues.
I found it boring and I quit after 85 pages. Life is too short to spend time with an unloved book when there are so many more waiting on my to-read shelf!
Luckily I borrowed this from a library.  Look's like there's some interesting info when you skim through it, but the writing style is basically unreadable.  Unless you're into pain, look for something better.  Almost anything else on this subject would be more coherent.  Nuff said.
I'm sorry.  I don't understand this man's standing.  He has won more Bookers than anyone else, which means he's better than Rushdie, MacEwan, Byatt, right?  I have to be missing something - the prose is determinedly mediocre, the treatment of violence and its effects is crass, the analysis  of modern South Africa unenlightening.  The main character is less  offensive than a bore.  It's not all bad - the university showtrial is  genuinely frightening, and the passages about the dogs, with their mixture  of horror, tenderness and emotional blankness are almost moving.  More of  this and it could have been a tolerable novel, but, once again vast social  and gender issues are reduced to the self-pity of a middle-class white  male.
A college journalism dropout buys a struggling rural county newspaper in Mississippi, only to find himself embroiled in a sensational murder trial.  Really a portrait of the deep rural South in the decade after the end of Jim Crow, with some crime and suspense thrown in.But Grisham uses much of the novel to editorialize, through his protagonist, against the Vietnam War, against Wal-Mart, and in favor of forced busing.  The only area where conservatives come out well is where some of the best characters attend church regularly.  Read some politically incorrect history after reading this one to get a balanced view.
A read for traveling or the beach...when it isn't important to follow exactly what is happening.  The premise for the novel is good, interesting, and maybe even plausible.  However, characters and even subplots were not  developed as fully nor as interestingly as they could have been. Read and  think, for example, about the opening scenes in the desert and the  hospital...the &quot;map,&quot; on the old man, the good and eager young  cop, the earnest and hard-working native-American female doctor, their  romantic interest.  All pop up somewhat later, but never really take a part  in the plot other than to take up printed space. Too much written, too  quickly and as others have pointed out, this novel will probably make a  good movie.  I rented a library copy rather than waste my money!
This book may be appreciated by an other age group, but not me. What is there to say about constant drug abuse and drinking ?
right up there with one of the most boring books I've ever read. i didn't get it at all and would not reccomend
I wasn't able to relate to the characters and found the flow very sporatic; I was also unhappy with the ending.  I would not recommend this book.
Making History is about a Cambridge student, Michael, and a physics professor who, by transporting sterility drugs through time to a well in Austria, create a world were Hitler had never been born. Making History is conceptually interesting, but poorly executed and at times exceedingly dull. Many of the action sequences are written in a screenplay format, which leaves some of the book's major scenes without any narrative description and results in tedious chapters where characters act without discernable motivation. The slower paced, more interesting first person narrative style is abandoned (it seems) in favor of getting quickly through scenes that, though vital to the plot, do not afford the oppurtunity for clever banter or amusing description that the author is so fond of. The resolution is forced and unsatisfying, and there are glaring holes in the plot that are never resolved. Fry is a witty writer, but I think he is overreaching with this book.
Being big on human trafficking abolition, I had no clue this book would cover pieces of sexual exploitation through trafficking.Here's what I got out of the first three quarters of the book: Clay comes home for Christmas vacation from college. He is a rich Californian boy. He can't get in touch with his best friend Julian. His ex-girlfriend Blair is around him often. They get together with friends at clubs, theatres, concerts, and parties. They all are having sex with everyone. They are all drug addicts whether they realize it or not. Clay is high on cocaine or drunk throughout most of the book. This whole portion of the book is seriously boring and sad, but depicts life in that time period and even today's pretty well.The last quarter of the book is about Clay and Julian & how pathetic of a friend Clay is to Julian who was desperate for drugs & got in so much debt, that a guy is pimping him out to turn tricks for men. Clay sits there and lets his friend get taken advantage of. Julian is desperate for help while Clay pretends not to care about anything and lets people suffer as he suffers watching.Also in the last quarter of the book, there are girls and boys being abused and Clay doesn't do much about it. He's one of the worst characters I have read a perspective from in a book.This book is graphic, filled with gory sexual content, drug use, bad language, etc. It does portray reality for many perfectly though.I did see the movie, which I enjoyed much more (I don't normally like movies better than books at all, by the way).
Really trashy chic lit!  I was hoping for more from her.  A really formulaic novel.  Does she have a stable of writing interns?.
THE HAPPINESS PLAN by Carmel McConnell is one of those how-to books that asks you to know what you want in life and gives you guidance on how to put together a plan of action to get there. I read nothing I've not read  before - live in the moment, do more of what you like, think positive thoughts, etc. Quizzes for the reader to take are set up so the "right" answer is way too obvious. Unnecessary illustrations and huge typeface titles try to fill in the space of what would otherwise be a fairly short book. The author doesn't give you a "plan" per se, but tells you in very broad terms, how to figure out what it is you like in life - and then to do more of it. The "simple steps" of the title are nothing new in the world of "get happy" how-to books.
Like his characters in The Wind Up Bird Chronicle...Murakami throws out lots of pretension, pop-psychology, brilliant and astute observations about human beings, humor, insanity, malevolence, nihilism, and a whole bunch of crap and bs to make himself seems like a very sharp cookie...which he most certainly is.This book IS smart. And when I say "smart", I mean coffee table book smart. For this is a book that will intimidate you to NOT scream what you are quite obviously thinking...which is..."it sucks!".For the postmodernist douche reviewer, Wind-Up Bird is a gift from "deep dark well-heaven". And I should confess that it's worth reading just to see how bloody mental Murakami can get. It's a mess of a story which is of course messy on purpose. It makes lots of great points about ethics, politics, thinning hair, the death of a person's soul, wacky teen age psycho chicks, etc. and it's amusing for 1/3 of the book...sort of. Then it goes nowhere real fast, and basically is a fairy tale without an ending, and if it has a purpose...well...that's to show you how sharp it's author is, and perhaps to contemplate a lot of things that are just miserable enough to push you over the edge if you were indeed contemplating suicide.I had the good fortune to read 1Q84 first. And really, Wind Up is like a first draft. A purposeless shot in the dark...and a slight whiff of where 1Q84 would go...which I absolutely loved.All the criticisms of this book that I've read on amazon are bang on. Save your time, and pick up 1Q84 or End of the World. A lot cooler, more fun to read and the characters ARE worth investing in. This just seems like what someone would write to get attention from obnoxious literary critics, to be frank. Because normal people don't enjoy hanging out at the bottom of a well for more than a few minutes.
Have you ever read a textbook that was almost impossible to follow? That's what it's like trying to read "Social Networking For Business." The information may very well be excellent. I wouldn't know; I couldn't stay awake long enough to find out.I picked a sentence at random so you can see what I mean: "However, you can still fit this aggregate behavioral information into the context of a given framework by separating commitment into distinct threshhold levels and watching for markers of certain types of actions that fit profiles of behavior for each level."Just a few minutes of reading this kind of thing will put you right to sleep.I recommend the authors read Rudolf Flesch's book, "How to Write, Speak, & Think More Effectively," apply the principles of readability, and try again.
Schwager has probably been too busy trading or better said trying to trade to devote himself to this book in the same way he did to the last ones.  He had to do it fast because &quot;in a rare speaking event, Jack Schwager - Being presented the 'Trader's Hall of Fame' award.&quot;  Which is given out by one of the booksellers of trading books.  The trader's hall of fame award, Please!  May I suggest that you dig out Jesse Livermore and give him the award first?I liked the first book.  The second book was okay.  This book is a waste of money.  Sorry Jack, but you ruined a good success story by publishing this mediocare book!
This commentary on the Bible will not please those who truly love the scriptures. For one thing, it is so catholic in its interpretation that one can almost smell the incense. It also does acrobatics with the verses having to do with justification by faith, twisting and contorting them to mean what they clearly do NOT mean in order to fit in with catholic theology. Relies a great deal on modern critical methods with little discernment. The result is that very little is taken concretely and non-allegorically. This commentary has a very low theology of the scriptures. The end result is that the JBC seems to see the Word of God as something incidental to the Church, a mere accessory, rather than the church being the result of the proclamation of the Word. Sad and misguided.
I spent the whole of 2012 reading non-fiction strictly and for 2013, this was one of the fiction books I was eagerly looking forward to tackling.  Turning to the forward I was even more enthused when I read about how this book was published post-humously and won the Pulitzer. I was pretty disappointed with the results. The story is just dull and long-winded stuffed with characters that are outright unlikable. Ignatius is somebody whom you completely despise and by the time you creep to the last pages, hopes will suffer a terrible fate. Even reading the blurbs on the back cover you read much about "laugh out loud" statements. Never happened. A single page from "Catch 22" elicited more genuine laughs than this entire story. I don't know if I ever loathed a main character more. He's a fat, lazy and unhygienic slob that seems to sidestep trouble with equal parts intelligence and the unrealistic gullibility of his adversaries. I'll at least concede that as you're rambling through 400 pages of a rather boring story, Toole does do a competent job of wrapping the story up and tying together the mesh of characters involved. It's just not worth the journey.
This book tries to cover too many different motorhomes and trailers to be of any real use.  It would have been better if the author had divided the book into 2 books (motorhomes and campers and another for trailers) where ;he could have provided more information on each topic.  If a person can find more and better information with a simple Google search for free that can be had in this book.  I am going to be selling this on Amazon just to try and recoup some of my wasted money.
Looking to kill a few hours poolside I was hoping for a 'typical' Grisham courtroom thriller and picked this up.  I must say that the hours at poolside did pass eventually and without fatalities, but I was disappointed in this novel.  It's not his very worst, but it's certainly not up to the level of storytelling which made John Grisham's early books so tense.The plot has been summarized by so many other reviewers there is no point in rehashing it here; suffice to say that yes, there are courtroom scenes, but they and any legal wrangling behind the trial do not form in any way the central part of the book.  A crime is committed, the culprit identified, tried and sentenced, and then the second half of the book gets started.This is too bad because the story Grisham really wants to tell, about small-town life in Mississippi cast against a background where the Vietnam, Civil Rights, race relations and school integration struggles are all raging, drags and meanders for substantial parts of the book, and the central character (the narrator) comes across as a little bit overly correct.Several of the secondary small-town characters are well-drawn and Grisham does bring out the atmosphere well.  But he uses them all ultimately to tell the story first of a young and somewhat callow man who grows into a more mature human being (which is fine if much better done by countless other writers), and second of a woman, the juror of the title, who is so earnestly and reverently portrayed that the Virgin Mary, Mother Teresa, and Gandhi would frankly be jealous of the treatment.  Grisham's point is perfectly clear, absolutely hammer on the head clear, but it would be made far more effectively if the characters were a bit more believeable.  The crimes and legal action in the book wind up just being the device by which Grisham presents these two main characters, and frankly the payoff just isn't worth the effort.
This book was just far too long for the little it achieves. The characters all seemed two dimensional, the plot plodded along to the extent that I found it difficult to focus and concentrate and was always wondering if I was missing something.I kept asking myself why was D Tartt going into this much detail. And I couldn't believe one review I read that suggested that if you don't like the book then you're stupid. No, if you don't like the book it's just because you're too bored reading it to take it all in. I just wish I'd given up after a hundred pages of it instead of wasting so many more hours of my life, but I persisted because I hoped foolishly it would pick-up. I have to say the best thing about the book was the very attractive D Tartts photo inside the back cover. I would advise people to look at that and ignore the print!
Remember that story? It was about a kingdom of people who were so afraid of looking foolish that they went along with whatever they were told. They took their cue from their vain and silly king, who had so little character that he let a conman convince him to walk naked in a royal procession. Enough said.
This is a very deceptive book because it starts off in such a good way and then lets you down faairly quickly. That's the way I felt when I was reading it anyhow, with the first 20% or so of the book keeping me awake, the next 10% keeing a height above "good" but not at the beginning's statue, and then seeing it all crash. Its a sad thing when this happens, too, because you keep on reading, expecting something that isn't coming, knowing it has to be there. That's the way my time with the book went anyhow, with the beastie flashing a few scales and claiming to be a big fish when - when it wasn't.If you want to know a lot fo details about the book, then looka t the editorial. I hate writing negative reviews so I'll end this here. Maybe you can find soemthign redemptive in the story I did not.
Somebody has to bash this book and I guess it's going to be me.  Now get this straight before I saw anything: I like Pooh and I like Taoism.  I don't attack the subject matter of this book.  However, I attack the style,  misrepresentation of religions (other than Taoism), and the  misrepresentation of Pooh in this book.Although I can see this book was  intended for young adults, I find the style condescending, as if Hoff  thinks he's speaking to the uneducated masses waiting for enlightenment.  There is definitely the feel of being taught by a teacher in elementary  school as one reads this book.  Furthermore, while some might find the  childishness of Hoff &quot;delightful&quot;, I found it nothing of the  sort.  I thought the book was boring and tedious.  I don't know why people  enjoy this book when there are real philosophy books out there, like the  wonderful &quot;Zen and Art of Motorcyle Maintenence&quot;.Most  disturbing about this book was its misrepresentation of other religions and  its general condemnation of non-Taoist thought.  For a young-adults book,  I've never seen pages so loaded with mind-narrowing prejudice!  His  treatment of Buddhism and Confucianism are ludicrous and disturbingly  inaccurate.  I'll leave it to the reader to find the obvious discrepencies  between Hoff's imaginary philosophies and the real philosophies he attempts  to describe.  Further, I've never felt so insulted by a book as this; his  virtually says that all scholars are fools.  Does everyone passively accept  that being enlightened requires ignorance?  I sure as heck  don't!Finally, Pooh was the unfortunate mascot Hoff manipulated to give  credibility to his views.  Hoff would ask a question to Pooh and Pooh would  respond by condemning certain schools of thought.  The real Pooh would  never do that!  Pooh is a simple and non-offensive character who gets along  with the world because of both of these qualities.  In short, I was morally  offended by this book many consider to be a classic, and I think Hoff  should have learned some lessons from childrens' books with good messages  before he wrote this loaded polemic.
This book just contains tables of formulas and horrible descriptions. It doesn't help you understand signals and systems at all. Read this book if you love memorizing things.
I got this book for my infants at the childcare center I work at. I started reading it to a child and had to stop after a few pages. I flipped ahead hoping that there would be some moral at the end. Basically after trying to pick a fight with a bunch of animals, the ladybug accidentally gets slapped by a whale and gives up and says one nice phrase on the last page. Otherwise the language used in the book is not appropriate for very young children (very rude and sassy) And you cannot really explain the "moral" if that is what you want to call it. If you really want to get this book I would suggest that the age be 7+. I wouldn't read it to my 6 year old, I know that the only thing he would get out of it would be the imfamous phrase that repeats throughout the book... "Do you want to fight."
Apparently this story was 'the buzz' in house at the publishers. I can't imagine that; it flitted from past to present to obscure ancient stories that had little to do with anything and seemed only present to show off the writers' knowledge of such things. Congratulations, you know your Ancient and Renaissance history, and too detailed a map of Princeton. Much of the beginning had nothing to do with the story, it started off slow and plodding, and only the small hints of a future payoff kept me from putting down the book and finding something else that would hold my interest.It never happened, even when I made it to the end.The characters were disconnected and held little to the overall plot, with Paul, the student doing his thesis on the 'Hypnerotomachia Poliphili' selfish, egotistical, and often downright rude. I understand his point in the book, and the supposed point OF the book, was what this 'Hypnerotomachia Poliphili' contained, what its secrets were. However, all I came away with from Paul was a sense that he didn't care about his roommates, whether they quite literally lived or died, whether they stayed with their love interests, or anything else in THEIR lives, so long as he got what he wanted out of his.His blind faith in 'The Book' was repetitive, annoying, and well-passed obsessive into the ridiculous. He used anyone he could get to help him; even people he KNEW were out to steal his work. Why? Because 'The book was all that mattered'; clearly, not someone who lived in the real world.The writing itself was painful, slow and plodding, and the tension they obviously aimed for nowhere to be found. While not a fan of 'The Da Vinci Code', I have to admit that at least the fast pace of the book held some interest. 'The Rule of Four' veers wildly off it's intended course, and while obviously aimed at enlightening readers as to Princeton campus and Renaissance history, it failed miserably in both.I gave this 2 stars only because I finished it and the history was well researched and accurate. Hey, it's something.
Pretentious clap-trap of little significant value.  It asks much of the reader, giving nothing in return.  Don't bother.
I'm not sure what I was expecting.  Obviously, something about the summary got me interested, but I didn't really enjoy reading it.
I know that there are people who really love this kind of stuff.  I remember trying to read Patterson's " Year of the Machete" and not being able to finish it.  Too grafic, to horrible, the kind of stuff of which nightmares are made. I don't understand how some people thrive on bloody books but I am sure not one of them!
Professor Ray Atlee and his brother Forrest are summoned back to their father's home.  Their father is the imposing Judge Reuben Atlee and he's dying.  Ray arrives to find the judge dead and to find several million dollars in cash.  Should Ray share the money with his drug-abusing brother?  Should Ray keep the money?  Who knows the money is there and what are they willing to do to get their hands on it?Unfortunately, finding the answers to these questions requires reading the book.  And the book is not worth reading.  While Grisham once again writes a highly readable, southern inflected legal drama, this one lacks enough plot to justify its 200 and some pages.  Simply stated, very little happens and what does happen is belabored and not entirely convincing.  It reads, quite frankly, like Grisham is fulfilling a legal obligation to produce a novel.It may be worth noting that this book contains some connections to other Grisham novels, including A Time to Kill.
This is one of the worst methods of teaching math. Sadly the school district we are in uses this horrible horrible excuse of a method to teach math. They jump around from topic to topic...never staying with anything long enough to master it. They teach adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing in such and odd way that it is no wonder that students are not learning. I would post an example of how bad it is but every time I try to review my post amazon misses up my spacing. Addition should start at the right...you carry your numbers over...but this method from Illinois starts at the left and uses 3 or 4 times as much space.
The moral of this book reiterates what is already commonsense for most people, which is life sometimes changes unexpectedly.  Obviously some people deal with change better than others, but the sheer overly simplistic tone of this book made it agonizing to read at points (especially the end).  If this book is floating around your office, be weary.  In my eyes it's simply corporate propaganda conjured up and deployed to train employees on how to best deal with erratic and continuously changing work environments.  In other words, regardless if we (your company) move your cheese: live with it, love it, and move on.Save your money...
This book could help you wile away the time in entertaining fashion in a waiting room somewhere.  And there's enough truth in it for the jokes to work as well.Reservations?  Well, Bing doesn't know his ancient  history.  (I was reading a history of the caesars @ the same time, also  know a bit of history.)  Or if he knows it, then he's deliberately slanting  his facts to make his book's thesis work.  (Believe me, I do feel  ridiculous using the word 'thesis' on this fun book.)  Machiavell's  recipient of his book neglected it; didn't laud its contents or its author  and forgive him as Bing Claims.  Also has his Nero facts wrong.  I wonder  if I caught these mistakes, which ones did I miss?Of course, Bing  might argue that this bit of sophistry is what being Machiavellian is all  about.  I mean, he was able to sell it wasn't he and profit from how he  presented the facts?  He wouldn't be wrong there.His points about  business are worth noting, though.  I work in a cutthroat environment and  know that some of these tactics ARE useful.  Besides, Bing IS pretty  urbane.Bottom line: I wouldn't trust Bing to get the facts right.  But  I would trust him to get me laughing and convey a certain flavor of certain  workplaces to us.  Read it for fun, NOT a desert island read. Mentally, you  won't be splitting the atom...breezy read.
The biggest most useless load of twaddle I've ever read. You buy a book to possibly help you in a serious situation and it was a total waste of time.
The book is split into three parts. The first one is the childhood of future Mad Wife in the Attic from her perspective, the second is from the perspective of a newly-wed Edward Rochester and, in a short and confusing part, by Bertha, and the third one is by Bertha at Thornfield. Why is part two confusing? Because it's all told by Rochester, and then it jumps and you don't immediately realise that the perspective has shifted, and once you're used to it, it switches back to Rochester.The first time I read this book, I hated it, and was left with a feeling of being annoyed that the author had completely failed to understand Rochester. I even said (aloud!) "Well, I disagree" after I closed it. On a second read, I still can't agree with Jean Rhys, but I enjoyed the book more. Having read a bunch of books about writing now, I can appreciate the book in a sort of aesthetical way. It's well-written, the characters have very distinct voices and the use of senses drags you in and gives such a rich colour and flavour that you partially forget that you're reading a book. Jean Rhys was born in Dominica in 1894 and was half-Welsh and half-Creole, so she knows what she's talking about with regards to the Caribbean, and you can tell. It can only have been written by someone who knows what it's like there. Now, if only the characters weren't supposed to be Charlotte Bront's ...That's the biggest problem. She's referred to as Antoinette, not Bertha; even though she's "Bertha Antoinetta Mason" in Charlotte Bront's original. In the UK, your first name, your given name, is the one that goes first. Hence why "Bertha Antoinetta Mason" logically should be "Bertha Mason", not "Antoinetta Mason". In the book, she's Antoinetta but calls herself Antoinette, because that's what her mother was called. Bertha is a name she doesn't like and that Rochester insists on calling her because umm, IT'S HER NAME?Richard Mason is only her stepbrother. Her mother was married to a guy called Cosway, who apparently went crazy and died. The mother then remarried Mr. Mason, father of Richard, and she started losing her mind after her son (the "complete dumb idiot" Rochester refers to in the original) died. I think part two even mentions old Mr. Mason having died before the marriage or at least close to it - there is some way that he seems to be removed from the whole set-up. And who did the original say arranged the wedding? Mr. Mason and Richard with old Mr. Rochester and Rowland. The Masons were as in on it as the Rochesters, eager to be rid of her before the Rochesters would realise the mistake they had made.Then there's a point where young Antoinette is at school, and she is going to embroider "1839" on something. I thought "Jane Eyre" was set around 1838? I'm also left with the impression that she's taken out of school at the age of 17 in order to get married off. Rochester is around 21 or 22 at the time, and Bertha is a good five years his senior (her age being something the Masons had lied to him about before the wedding). Rhys claims Antoinette's mother died the year before the marriage - the original says Rochester first thought the woman was dead but he came to find out that she wasn't, "she was only mad, and shut up in a lunatic asylum."Also, Bront is clear to point out that he wasn't allowed to be alone with her before the marriage and they hardly spoke two words to each other. That way, Edward never had a chance to get to know her beforehand, because if he had, he would never have married her. They had nothing in common and he found her a woman with infantile intellect and he couldn't keep a conversation with her even if he tried.If you're going to write a spin-off of something, at least have the decency to stick to the facts as they've been laid out in the original. Make up things that aren't in the original as much as you want, but the bits that are in the original, please get them right. From what I've gathered, Jean Rhys had a fixation on Mrs. Rochester so trying to apologise for her behaviour by giving her a backstory that doesn't quite add up to Bront's original is understandable. If the characters hadn't been from "Jane Eyre", the book would've been excellent. As for now, I think it's okay. It's a good book, but she's got the events and main characters wrong.It's my firm belief that Bertha Mason wasn't half as interesting a person as Jean Rhys makes her out to be. Yes, Bertha is a victim of sorts - being married off to someone who doesn't know the true you just so that your family can breathe a sigh of relief and hope it'll be too late to do anything about it by the time the groom notices something's wrong - but she's not a victim in the way that Rhys wants her to be. Bertha was mentally ill, not just some spirited girl who didn't like the husband she'd been married off to. I don't think she was ever really fully aware of what happened, and while that is sad in itself, I think Rhys just tried a bit too hard to make her sympathetic when she quite clearly never meant to be anything other than a woman whose mental illness was bad to begin with but quickly got worse.
A wonderful writer...story is auto-biographical which helps because it is otherwise uninteresting and dull.  The two stars are for the writing, not the story.  Yates was 35 when he wrote this and had such insight into his male characters.  Not much with females, but then it was the 50's...and he was a male!  The movie, I am told, ends quite differently.  Even so, I don't think I'll bother seeing it.
This book came to me as great recommendation from several places . Compared with the  posh title  I thought  this  should be  something spectacular . However , expectations are one thing , the facts  another.1.The reader may get a little confused  at the beginning  due to the overcomplicated  language used by the author  .  Then at some point  readers (at least some ) will start to realize  that  the author  has  tremendous potential  of overcomplicating simple  stuff and oversimplifying complex  things.2.The reader will have difficulties  understanding  what this  book is  about. Is it about traders as the  posh title suggests? Or is it about  investors ? and  what kind of them ? short -term , long -term , value , growth ?The author just tried  to pack in the book  as much things as possible  no matter what's the relevance of the material .  How can a book that is supposedly about trading  talk about W. Buffett? What has Buffett to do with  trading  for crise sake? How can you afford to  talk such nonesense like  value trading and so on...At the end the rEader will understand one thing-  THIS BOOK IS NOT ABOUT TRADING .3.The book is full of generalizations ,  contradictions  and especially  REPETITIONS.  I will not delve into specific examples here but  believe me  you will read throughout the book  all the same things and concepts served in different ways  and talked with  strange language . It looks like the author's aim was  to make the book as thick as possible .4.How can a guy that is not trading himself  be one of the best trading coaches and write books about trading ? Only  this question can  arise plausible suspicion  . I would never buy a book from people who are not traders themselves.5 .Instead of wasting money and time on books written buy  people  whose only  goal is to market their products  people should  start buying books from real traders .  I would recommend reading  some of  Alexander Elder's  which are top -notch  books for trading .6.The author is trying to sell  all his products throughout this book . You will often stumble upon a statement  which will announce something like this:  If  you want to know more  buy my ....book. Excuse me  are we writing a seriuos book  or an  advertisment  pamphlet?7.I know people pay a lot of money to trading coaches and thing like this . Would I trust this guy with my money ? Hell , no.  What is going to teach me when he's not a trader  ?  Answer to that question before you put some serious money down the line .8.The most annoying thing  in the book (except everything aforementioned) is the always - to - be -right approach  of the author . He will tell you how a trader came to him , he told him what to do but he  didn't listen to him and failed and lost all of his money .  How instructive!9.Most of the  paper is  USELESS BABBLE .10. Here is the iceberg -at the end of the book  the author makes the stunning conclusion that everybody has to read his book at least 4-5 times.  Is this guy nuts or is he really believing himself  that his book is so great?11.Judging by  the reviews  It's NO Wonder  Why so Many Lose Money in the Markets12.To Sum it up - DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT TRADING THEMSELVES. ONLY LOOK FOR PEOPLE WHO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT . THIS IS NOT A GOOD BOOK.
Here is an example of a really great idea for a book ruined by bad writing. It is also an example of why I dislike reading books set in the city in which I live. The author makes assumptions that the places in her book are universally known and so avoids adequate description of them. If I didn't live here I might not know what she was talking about. I also tend to like to imagine a scene in my mind not be able to picture it clearly having actually been there, but I guess some books must be set in Chicago. I agree with others who have stated the development of Henry and Clare's relationship was shallow and based mainly on sex. I disliked the use of foul language where it wasn't necessary (example: the "c" word used by a woman? Never!). I also disliked the idea of a 40ish man visiting a young child, even the first time they kissed, she was still quite young and he was older. That idea came across like pedophilia to me. Anyway, I did continue to read the book, as I was interested in what would ultimately happen to them. The author had a good idea but could have used some more creative writing classes.
The writing here is basically good (or I wouldn't have finished it), but the characters and stories are SO depressing, I'm sorry I spent so much time reading it.  At times I felt like I was reading someone's classroom assignment to explore characters in depth.  I know that not every story has a happy ending, but I kept hoping for some sort of redemption for any of them, especially Marie, and it never really came.  I've generally enjoyed the books Oprah selected, but this was a real downer -- I never felt like I &quot;connected&quot; with this book
The most boring book that I have ever listened to -  the second might be o.k.but I gave up after really trying.  However, I spoke to a friend who tried to read the Rule of Four and gave up after a few chapters. She said life was too short to waste her time - she is 85,
The book is alright.It is written in an accessible style which might appeal to the masses but peppering the book with quotes from Greek Mythology and famous philosophers isn't enough when there is little new information in the book. There are better books out there on philosophy, psychotherapy, evolution, evolutionary psychology, science, history, art and neuroscience from which one can gleam most of the information and even more.Coming from a Third world country let me tell you a secret...sometimes being content isn't enough. When one is surrounded by so much violence, corruption, pollution, poverty and population, self-help books help little. There are some basic problems of Governance, Economy and human psychology as shaped by evolution which cause a lot of fiction in our lives and earth's ultimate health. These are never addressed or perhaps one has to close one's mind to such issues to be *really* happy (deluded).Another problem not addressed is the issue of community which often means leaving others out. How does one define a community? Does one have to belong to a certain caste, creed, income group, religion, color to belong? Being a Hindu Brahmin (by birth though I definitely don't condone caste system and don't consider myself nothing more than a concerned earth dweller) from India, the violence of Identity is not lost of me. Can we come to terms with individuality and community on all levels? How is individuality effecting life in Developed World?How does one reconcile which changing face of urban society in Developed World? How does one face Globalization? Can one be really happy in today's multi-ethnic society when our evolution makes us vary of strangers? If yes, how do we make this happen?How does one live with the guilt of living in an affluent society when so many live on so little? How does survive in today's ever changing world of technology, where job security is very tentative? How does one live with guilt of destroying so much bio-diversity on the planet?These questions cause real problems in real people's lives. I think self-help books can help only so much and this one in particular doesn't address lot of very important questions facing today's world which cannot be addressed by positive psychology alone.
I was extremely disappointed with this book. Almost no suspense and a lacklustre plot. Well below John Grisham's standards. There are far better Grisham novels out there. Skip this one!
I actually bought the entire series &amp; only recently got the chance to sit down with the first volume of Diana Gabaldon's series about Scotland.  Well, talk about slow,boring and way too much detail!  I gave up after  about 10 chapters!  While Ms. Gabaldon's intense research &amp; knowledge  is admirable; there is such a thing as too much of a good thing!  Not the  type of book to breeze through; whether during a morning commute to work or  a rainy night at home when nothing interesting is on tv.  It's back to  mystery/thrillers for me!
I bought this book because of all the great reviews attached to it. However, I just finished it and I can't be but disappointed at it. It is a well researched book indeed, with all its maths and logic problem, but that is basically it. I didn't find it insightful in any way. I guess the way it was written was boring.A good book leaves emptiness in your life after you finish it, this one hasn't!
This book portrays a caricature of a society hooked on money.  OK, fair enough, but in my view the author sets his target too wide.  You may as well make a parody of our addiction to oxygenor food.  Society is empty in its pursuit.  Well, maybe it's not the pursuit of money that does it, but something else like inability to look within  yourself and find what's truly there. Of course the characters in this book rarely do that, and when they get close they say "screw it, let's get drunk". And about that plot--there is none.  Of course this is not a problem unless the pages manage to keep you interested.  They do not (at least for me).  And how about that Spunk Davis.  I can hear the author tittering whenever he brings up the name.  Of course the first name means something entirely different in the UK--something very naughty, but really, did you ever meet someone in the US named Spunk?  I haven't.  And his sole purpose seems to be an excuse for Brits to have an inside laugh at the expense of Americans.  OK, haha, now move along.Some clever writing abounds in the novel, to be fair, but it seems like the author has taken the "shotgun approach" because while some words come off as telling, others just come off as nonsensical.Not recommended.
Trolltech recommends this book as the best way to get started learning QT4. I cannot imagine why. Perhaps they think it is the best of a bad lot.You don't walk away from this book with any kind of feel for the classes or widgets. No big surprise really, because the book constantly refers you to the APIs.When it actually endeavours to explain something, the content is usually out of context and based on some class/idea that has not been presented yet (or at all).Basically, these guys need to collect their thoughts a little bit better and present them more coherently. I also think the book needs a couple hundred more pages to drill down into some of the classes, so that the reader actually gets a feel for them. I don't know why I would want to pay for a book that just refers me to APIs.I always feel let down when I fork out cash for a dud book. I guess self-education is like any investment; sometimes you just lose on your investment.
I've enjoyed learning about this topic and it has definitely helped my yoga practice. I would encourage prospective buyers to consider eitherAnatomy of Hatha Yoga: A Manual for Students, Teachers, and PractitionersorYoga Anatomy.
A primer on candlestick charts by an author who has written over 70 books according to the blurb on the book. If you particularly like this author, you will probably find this book interesting too. Personally, I don't think anyone who writes so many books can be an expert on anything.If you just want an understanding of candlestick charts I would recommend Nison'sJapanese Candlestick Charting Techniques, Second Editionfrom 2001. If you are on a budget and cannot pay $60 for that book, buy it second hand or consider giving up your trading career.For this particular book, even the Vine ("get book for free if they review") reviewers only give four stars. Stay away
I DONT REMEMBER BUYING THIS SO I DONT WANT TO RATED IT UNFAIRLY PLEASE REMOVE FROM MY OPINION PAGE OF MY ACCOUNT
The early chapters of this book are misleading. They provide a decent overview of the issues in text minding, but nothing more. The rest of the book does not build on these chapters. Instead the later chapters are nothing more than user manuals or tutorials on software tools (mostly commercial products, not open source tools) to do text mining. Most of these chapters are taken up by screen shots of the tools and notations on what to do at various points (e.g., "click OK").This is a huge disappointment. This book does not contain the information that you would need to know if you were to develop your own software tools. Nor does it have the utility of a book on combining existing software (i.e., class libraries in Java or R libraries) to create applications. This book is basically an MBA's guide to text mining. Even as an "idiots guide to text mining" this book is of questionable value, since the tools and software interfaces will change. New tools will soon be available and replace the ones in the book.I've spent the last year using the R mathematics language.  The section on R and text mining is completely inadequate.At best this is an expensive book that has a short self-life. For people who are not software engineers but want to do text mining this book might be useful. However, for a software engineer, the book is of little use. I am very disappointed. I suppose that the fault is partially mine for not looking at the table of contents carefully enough.In summary: if you are an MBA or marketing professional without a quantitative background (e.g., you can't write software) and you buy this book within a year or two of its publication, it might have some use to you since it provides an overview of a number of software products with instructions on their use.If you're a software engineer or someone with a quantitative background (e.g., you can program in Java, R or MatLab or something similar) don't buy this book. It will be an almost complete waste of money.
I used this book as a textbook for a Math class. Okay, I'm not a mathematician so it was suppoused to be a side course. Since I'm not precisely fluent in most of these topics I expected to learn at least the basic stuff. But, as I tried to use the book as a basis for my studies, I found only concepts and demostrations, and no clear examples about anything! I think the authors must think that putting examples in a book like this may be considered offensive by some of their most lectured readers!I recommend this book only if you are fluent in mathematics, if you already know about the topics and just want a reference book, or if you want to put your "genious" to the test trying to find out what's going on without any kind of aid.
The book is outdated. It offers no real new information. I believe the same information could be found online.
This is one of the very few Georgette Heyer novels I hadn't read before, and also one of the two I didn't enjoy.  The characters are very generic, the 2 younger women in particular having no particular traits at all.  The police have no method, the officer also seems to have no real personality except an occasional feeling of annoyance.  The love interest for the unmarried sister is completely inexplicable, odd considering the author's expertise in romance.  I like some of Ms. Heyer's other mysteries, love most of her romances, and enjoy mysteries like the Peter Wimseys, older Agatha Christies and Ngaio Marshes, but I definitely do NOT recommend Footsteps in the Dark.
I know that there was tremendous pressure on Harris after his book Silence of the Lambs hit box-office platinum. People were clamoring for the third part of the trilogy. Hannibal was lose, what now, Thomas? Hey, I was one of those people. I loved reading the first two books, they were both GREAT! Of course I wanted another one. Sadly, Harris did not have another one in him. What we get is bad a screenplay, not a novel. Suspense and creativity are abandoned for repulsion and gross outs. Simplicty rules. In fact, I would dare say that this inane book was targeted directly at the simple mind, whose love of Harris' writing centered around not written words, but Anthony Hopkins' one-liners from Silence of the Lambs. How tragic. I don't blame Jodie Foster for passing on this thing when movie casting started after the release of the book, in fact I respect her for it. Sadly, Hopkins was so typecast, that he had no other choice. Heck, Hopkins went as far as doing Red Dragon again, even though the novel had already been handled quite well by Michael Mann (Manhunter). Look, I bought all three books and read all three. Two were great and one was truly terrible, kind of like the movies. And I would dare say that the positive reviews of this book are coming from teenagers that did not read it at all, but saw the movie.
I can quickly summarize this book.They want you to network by forcing yourself upon people and not taking "no" for an answer all while under the guise of trying to schedule a professional peer-industry meeting. They essentially want you to act like a used car salesman. It is a useless book and if it wasn't free for the kindle edition I would've never picked it up.
Extrememly frustrating to comprehend this writing style. My entire book club scrapped this. We felt we needed a literature coach to get the entire gist of this simple story.
I purchased this book based on the 5 star reviews.  What a disappointment.  Very general information that you can get reading the covers of magazines while waiting in the grocery line.
One reviewer here really hit the hamnmer on the head when she said that the writing style in Mere Anarchy was very 1950's pulp fiction/detective - and in my opinion, is so much so that it actually detracts away from what could have been the promising beginnings of some interesting story lines, but too much emphasis is placed on crafty adjectives and personifiers. Much of the essence of what could actually be funny (his usual penchant for dolling out timeless idiosyncrasies of the characters, and often bizarre, slapstick plot twists) get lost in a stylistic grammatical pas de deux, leaving me to wonder if he has not lost his satirical/cynical/absurdist yet charming point of view on the human condition over a more polished yet at the same time, bland narrative style.The only saving grace was to be found in the last three stories, which was a return to his early writing style of "Without feathers" and "Side Effects" - but sadly, it was too little too late for me to walk away with a happy memory of what might (but hopefully won't) be one of his last books of comedy.
David Rhodes and Daniel Stelter are Europe-based senior partners in the Boston Consulting Group. In "Accelerating Out of the Great Recession" they purport to offer solid advice on how American businesses can survive and thrive in these trying times. They begin by observing that it would take a 32% increase in China's private consumption to offset a 5% reduction in U.S. consumer spending - something they believe is not going to happen. Thus, when combined with various spending inhibitors, they conclude business leaders should instead look for growth in the U.S., albeit slower than the past. Accompanying that slower growth will be unwanted increased efforts at government regulation, anti-immigration action, and trade protectionism.  Other economic drags include downward price pressure due to deleveraging, and bank reluctance to lend due to their failure to recognize the extent of their potential losses and recapitalize.Continuing, the authors point out that U.S. household wealth shrank an estimated $13.9 trillion (22%) in the last few years, while the savings rate rose from -2.7% in 2005 to +5.9% in 2009. Both factors reduce demand. Meanwhile, the GDP-boosting U.S. trade deficit (4.6% of GDP) cannot continue, unemployment and underemployment remain high, and most surveyed business leaders are not optimistic about soon returning to record 'pre-recession' profits.Soaring U.S. health care costs (17.3% in 2009, expected to hit 25% in 2025 and 37% in 2050 absent fundamental change - Congressional Budget Office) receive almost no attention in "Accelerating . . .," despite the obvious fact it cannot continue. (Suffice it to say, health care reform will not occur on its own, and will have major impact.) Rhodes and Stelter continue, finally concluding that consumers will become more "value-conscious," obvious old news to most. Eg. Guess what has driven Wal-Mart from nothing to become the world's largest public corporation in 40 years and the U.S. largest grocery retailer in 21 years, while department-store market share fell from 38% in 1995 to 19% in 2002? Home equity financing reached almost $1 trillion in 2006 (7% of GDP), before home values began tanking - guess what that does to demand, especially for big-ticket items? Up to 70% of homeowners are underwater on their mortgages in some areas - those homeowners will not lead any economic recovery, period. Just two years ago the U.S. finance industry generated 41% of corporate profits - that won't be repeated soon either.Worse yet, Rhodes and Stelter are oblivious to the reduced impact and opportunity from today's consumer sales. Decades ago when Americans bought a car, toaster, toy, shirt, tank of gasoline, or a shrimp dinner they not only boosted retail sales, but generated added activity for the U.S. auto, appliance, textile, toy, oil, and fishing industries and their U.S. employees as well. Today, that second level of activity is largely gone, both in the preceding areas and many, many more - mostly off-shored to China. Thus, adding a dollar of U.S. consumer sales not only requires more credit than before ($1 in the 1950s, $3 in the 1990s, and $5 in the last decade - per the authors), but also has far less impact on total GDP. Regaining that stronger impact requires protectionism, despite Rhodes and Stelter's unconvincing counter-arguments, unless one proposes ballooning the trade deficit - which they also oppose. What does this mean for business leaders - that major economic improvement requires government to reverse course on 'Free Trade.'The second section of "Accelerating . . ." covers suggested business strategies. Those looking for new, sophisticated strategies and insights, however, will not find any. The material is simply a superficial rehash of Finance 101 - protect your cash position, negotiate with suppliers, focus on inventory management and reduce debt levels, divest non-core businesses, focus on bloated R&D;, focus on innovation, . . .. Easy to say, not so easy to do when surrounded by excess world production capacity (U.S. - 20%, Japan - 15%, European Union - 18%, India - 30%, China - 40%, Brazil - 30%), with Asian producers especially advantaged by much, much lower operating and capital costs. Clearly, America's economic future will not be found through just working harder at more of the same.Bottom-Line: The U.S. cannot accelerate out of the great recession without creating a new, significant, sustainable, strategic advantage, or at least a similar defense - especially in the industries of tomorrow. The New York Times (1/30/2010) reports that China is already the world leader in green energy wind and solar power, and pushing hard to build nuclear reactors and more efficient coal-fired plants. It also is leading in electric bicycles, and the "smart money" (Buffett's Berkshire) is betting on a Chinese state-owned company developing electric cars and their batteries. Meanwhile, China is also significantly boosting R&D; efforts in nanotechnology and bio-sciences.  All this while erecting trade barriers to outside competition in new areas, and refusing to revalue its currency - thus protecting old areas as well. Little, if any of these current (or former) initiatives occurred through purely private initiative, or simply across-the-board Chinese business tax-cuts. Nonetheless, "Accelerating Out of the Great Recession" ignores or takes a negative posture on the potential role of U.S. government, probably because many Americans believe it should have no role in private enterprise.China became a modern power by facing down its anti-capitalist roots en route to a heavy government role in lifting private businesses; further, its on-going economic vibrancy is assisted by much, much lower health care costs (admittedly the government is working to expand this area) and an undervalued currency. The U.S. similarly needs to face down its anti-government roots to help maintain our modern status through government-led  health care reform, severely limiting illegal immigration, imposing tariffs to counter China's under-valued currency, and guiding/helping the development and protection of nascent industries.
Almost one-half way through this so-called mystery, I had to put it down.  Perhaps you had to be British to care about whether Richard III killed his nephews.  There seems to be more engaging historical mysteries.  And what about the use of research as a device to tell a mystery tale?  It simply did not work. Perhaps she could have written a history book instead?  I didn't get it.  Also, I doubt if I will read anything else by Tey.
Mostly this overview of Lean Six Sigma is like reading the back of a product's packaging.  It's almost too high level to give a reasonable understanding of the principles of Lean Six Sigma.The author uses mostly anecdotes of situations to demonstrate the principles but there's not enough information about the principle itself to understand how it was applied in a business sense.
I can only assume that the other reviewers have not cleared these phrases with any HR department--or that they are friends of the author. The classic text by James Neal IS useful, so if you are looking for phrases, consider it. I will use this one as a source for examples of dangerous appraisal comments.Let's say you receive your performance appraisal--the one on which your pay is based. You aren't getting a raise this year and you wonder why. How would you like to see some of Ms. Bruce's phrases on your appraisal? "Is clumsy." "Has an angry personality." "Celebrates seldom." "Has skewed logic." "Is a turn-off to fellow employees." "Does not appear to have adequate support system at home." "Has come to work bruised or badly shaken emotionally." Does not know how to brainstorm, in fact brain drizzles."I sincerely thought this was meant to be a joke book when I first read it. Many of the opinions (compared to behavioral observations) could never be proven--and even if they could, would not be valid for a performance appraisal. Furthermore, consider how unprofessional a supervisor or manager would sound using terminology like this in something that might end up in court or an employment hearing some day: "Gets way too emotional." "Puts the kibosh on positive attitudes." "Acts very suspicious of everyone, almost paranoid." "Is sometimes difficult to understand because of heavy accent or language barriers." "Would not be found guilty of integrity if it were a crime." And those are supposed to be, as the cover says, ready-to-use phrases for addressing all performance issues?Ms. Bruce is knowledgable and capable, so I am surprised at this material. If you purchase it, do not assume all or even most of the phrases will do anything more than result in a negative evaluation for YOU. You might end up with an appraisal that says, "Is more comfortable in the victim role," "Is slow moving," "Does not read newspapers or magazines," or even, "does not appear underchallenged."
Only for the novice trader. There is nothing ground-breaking, no original contribution to the field.It's not poorly written, it is easy to understand and for beginners there are useful bits of information here.But overall these are the most simplistic ideas of trading trend following systems. I don't want to be overly critical and the author seems earnest in his writing style, but similar info is freely available on the internet. There are certainly many better books and blogs out there even for the trading novice.
Nothing new and exciting happened in this book. I couldn't get into it. I read 3/4 of the book just to give it a chance but i just couldn't finish it. it didnt keep my attention at all. total waste of time.
The biggest sin of this text, forgetting for a moment the numerous typos and some apparent gray spots in the author's understanding, is the fact it doesn't 'demystify' anything. Quite the opposite, it turns QFT and the Standard Model into some kind of underexplained set of rules that one has to memorize - good for organizing your memory, bad for understanding. Basically this is how one teaches a parrot how 'to talk'. The text is only valuable as a workbook during the first quarter of QFT and Elementary particle courses, provided one follows the algebra manipulations without reading too much in the author's explanations. Just relying on this book to 'grasp QFT' will simply turn you into a parrot that can repeat a phrase precisely but has no clue what it means.Renormalization or Quantum Chromodynamics are not discussed - those are a logical mess by themselves, I can imagine how less sense they would make in the hands of this author. I was planning on getting his 'String theory demystified' but after seeing how well he 'demystified' the simpler QFT I will pass on that. I simply don't believe mindless manipulations lead to understanding.The book is full of typos: wrong signs clashing with the text just before the formula, mixing up upper and lower indices. Some of the intermediate manipulations are wrong too, while the final answers are almost always 'mysteriously' right lol The duplicate figures everywhere make it apparent that neither the author nor the editor cared enough about the readers to proof-read the text even once.Some of the sloppy 'derivations' are so wrong it's mind-boggling. On page 6, McMahon 'proves' ct^2 - x^2 - y^2 - z^2 = ct'^2 - x'^2 - y'^2 - z'^2 by considering the particular case of light signal emitted from the origin for which both sides are zero. You won't see such a 'derivation' anywhere else because a particular case cannot prove a general case lol The 'derivation' of Noether's theorem for coordinate transformations on page 36 doesn't make sense at all if you try to follow it carefully because the notation is so imprecise it manages to fog the logic.Some statements are simply put wrong, or the language is so sloppy it makes them wrong. Examples:- page 37, according to McMahon, the conservation of energy means that the energy density remains constant with time. Yeah right ...- page 45, he claims that we consider local gauge transformations vs. global because the local ones "satisfy special relativity that no signal can travel faster than the speed of light". Gauge transformations, local or global, have nothing to do with propagation of signals though ...- page 81, "If the laws of physics are unchanged under time reversal, they are a symmetry of the system". How exactly a law of physics is 'a symmetry of the system'?!?- page 171, the necessity of local gauge invariance is explained by "Physically (and experimentally) we find invariance in nature and so we will insist our theory also has invariance". Thats is as 'deep' as claiming that just because some systems in nature are rotationally invariant then all systems we ever happen to study must be rotationally invariant. The gauge invariance of Standard model is a guess by analogy with electromagnetism consistent with the experimental data, it doesn't mean all new theories have to be gauge invariant.- page 188, he claims that local gauge symmetries which 'preserve causality as required by special relativity' are necessary to ensure local conservation of charge. News flash: a global gauge symmetry leads to local conservation of charge.- page 203, he says a gauge field is 'invariant'(not changing) under a gauge transformation when he meant 'covariant'(transforming in a certain way).Such a sloppy usage of the words 'invariant' and 'symmetry' all over the place is not helping beginners understand their meaning. Publishing a text like that, with so many typos, logical omissions or misconceptions, at the same type promising to 'demystify' is simply put inconsiderate to the readers. And god knows there are enough bad textbooks in QFT to add one more.
Katie Fforde is one of my favorite authors.  I have read almost every Katie Fforde book more than once, and just bought her entire bibliography, but this one was very disappointing.  I recommend any of her other books, especially the ones written before 2007. (I haven't yet read Going Dutch, which was written in 2007, but all of the ones before that one were great.)Ms. Fforde is a fabulous author--but I can't recommend this particular book of hers.  Read any of the others instead--they're wonderful.
Being a fledgling opponent of strong AI, I picked up this book hoping to learn the weaknesses of the strong AI argument. Alas, this was the wrong book to pick up.I am not even sure what Penrose's main argument is; of course it may be there but was lost in the 450 pages of mostly irrelevant details on physics. To say in the least, his attack is not coherent or well structured. He seems to admit that his position is very vulnerable himself: he constantly admits to mere speculation and weakness of evidence on his part.If he abridged this book to may 100 or 200 pages, it may have been more effective. When I was half way through, I nearly quit reading because I could tell he was going nowhere, but I figured if I had already wasted this much time, I might was well finish it. I regret that decision now.TENM may be just another example of a grandiose physicist touting an interesting subject like modern physics as accessible to the layman. If it is accessible, Penrose is not the one to do it. There seems to be a market for these pop physics books (i.e. Elegant Universe) because yuppies out there want a feeling of wonderment about things they don't understand. How much they actually get from these  books questionable.In the end, Penrose somehow wants to say that modern physics presents an obstacle for strong AI. I hope there are books out there that actually might show this.
Just like everyone else, I loved the first few books in this series.  However, I had the worst time getting throught this book, as absolutely nothing happened. I like to read a book, and listen to an audiobook on my ipod.  It should have been a clue that this book read as an audio book was the only one in the series that was abridged.  So I dumped the audiobook to read the real book, and what a snooze fest.  I think I am going to take someones advice and just read the last few hundred pages.  She could have easily condensed this book to be about 200 pages, instead of the 1400 that just described every little detail, down to Jemmy's dirty diapers.
I made it 12 pages and just couldn't continue. It was not worth the $1.99, that I paid for it and I should have heeded all of the negative reviews. If suspected terrorists were forced to read it, it would be a violation of the Geneva Convention.
As if we needed any further proof that Grisham's a hack, he took a break from writing formulaic legal thrillers to grind out this thinly-veiled screenplay in which a caricatured pair of middled-aged empty-nesters decide to beg out of Christmas.  Hilarity ensues with painful predictability.
I had ordered several Books on tape, this one from amazon brand new.  We were moving from California to Texas and I thought it would be entertaining to listen to some books on tape.  We were really into "A Dog named Christmas" when I put on the third and final tape which turns out to have about 10 seconds of recorded voice and the rest of the tape is blank.  We tried both sides, fast-forwarding the tape and there is nothing.  I am going to try to return it to amazon and hope I will receive a good set of tapes so we can find out what happens.
The coincedences in this book are too unbeleavable . I seriuosly doubt it is a true story.( It is presented as such.)
I am sure the guy writing is rich and has done what he said, but if being like him is what it takes to be rich then I'd rather be poor.
By Crichton's standard's, poorly written. He must have had tons of help doing the research, and there were parts of the book that were so bad I swore he must have had help with the writing, too. No character  development, far too many narrow escapes. Far too many hacked-off limbs,  flaming heads and arrows in the eye. About 100 pages too long. On the plus  side, very interesting popularization  about how quantum theory may be  applied some day, and the attention to detail about 14th century France was  excellent. Too bad the writing was so shallow.
Please, don't insult my intelligence.  Faulkner was a Jamnes Joyce wannabe; his characters are poorly-educated, racist and revolting, they have no thoughts worth following anyway. And his writing style is a very poor imitation of Joyce's with its split-time and stream of consciousness.  Both Dashiell Hammett and Jack Kerouac could write rings around Faulkner.
A solid introduction to ETFs, but not much else. The author seemingly contradicts himself regarding his suggestion to adhere with discipline to a simple 200 day moving average to time entry/exit points, as his website (etftrends.com) says to use the 200 dma, along with a consideration of the "fundamentals."  This is certainly a huge red flag, as fundamental factors affecting ETFs may be significant and this would introduce an unquantifiable factor into the use of the 200 dma. Nowhere in the book is there a explanation of how to consider the fundamentals or how this could affect trends--a gaping hole, in my estimation.
After finishing Codex last night I found myself still waiting for the plot to kick in. Lev Grossman has a talent for character creation - and the characters in Codex are interesting with good internal conflict - but I think he should have spent a little more time developing a better plot line.Even though I can't recommend Codex, I will give his next novel a read.
John Grisham is one of my favourite writers - but his latest work left me unsatisfied. Not as well crafted as previous works, I started to get bored towards the end when the character (Ray) is hauling money back &amp; forth from Charlottesville to Clanton, I felt Grisham just wasn't clear how to end to novel. And when it finally DID end, I wasn't happy.I was so looking forward to Grisham getting back into the lawyer/illegal scandel themes he is famous for, especially after his departure of The Painted House (which I forgive due to a mid-life crisis) and this work just isn't of the calibre of all his earlier work.  Not a bad read, just not what I've come to expect in John Grisham
If you're thinking that because Oliver Stone is involved that there's an exploration of new material on JFK, guess again.  There's only one bland paragraph on the assassination.
Steven Weisenburger has written a guide for the readers of 'Gravity's Rainbow'. Oddly enough, in both Print and Kindle editions, the guide costs more than Pynchon's book. If you read the reviews on Weisenburger's book, the most consistent criticism is that it is a colossal spoiler, early on in his discussion he gives away things that are yet to occur, unfortunately even the ending!I would like to present my guide at no charge. Rest assured I'm not going to give away the ending. In fact, I can't believe 'Gravity's Rainbow' actually ended. Landsakes, he was only getting started at 760 pages! He could have gone on in that vein for another thousand pages. Somewhere there has to be another volume which has been deliberately withheld from publication, pending...OK, here it is, 6 easy points:#1. Some reviewers have suggested reading 'V' or 'The Crying of Lot 49' (or both) before reading this book. Don't waste your time! Be advised: There is NO preparatory text for appreciating 'Gravity's Rainbow'.#2. Do not attempt to read this book during commercial breaks while watching your favorite Sit-Com, on the bus while commuting to work, at the laundromat between rinse cycles, or in the Salon while your hair is drying. It requires absolute concentration. You MUST be totally relaxed and able to absorb great chunks in one sitting.#3. Never lose your momentum. Keep on reading even though you might find your mind wandering to thoughts of what you just had for dinner, what you heard today at the water cooler while at work, what the Dow Jones is doing to your retirement fund; these distractions are no more than manifestations of boredom with the action in the script, and there is no satisfactory cure for this.#4. Each time you attempt to resume your reading you will be tempted to go back a few pages to reacquaint yourself with what is going on. Resist this temptation. Rereading will not increase your comprehension of the narrative by one iota.#5. The difficulties inherent to the comprehension of 'Gravity's Rainbow' have been exaggerated. Taken word for word, and line for line, most of this work is quite approachable. Granted, there is a lot of technical jargon here. Essentially, the book is about the development of the V-2 rocket and the end of WW II. The obscure references have largely to do with the history of rocket science, including the German-American-English Military Industrial complex, a history of German colonialism, Russian policy in their Eastern states, a history of the pharmacology of narcotics, a history of the German film industry, a comprehensive study of the development of the light bulb, the annihilation of the Dodo, and what amounts to pretty much an encyclopedia of sexual deviancy. While a guidebook might be able to illuminate us on the source and derivation of each one of these references, who cares? Did you pick up this book for a history lesson?#6. My advice, if you feel the need to understand the background, buy the guide book and skip the novel.Seriously, Pynchon is an extremely talented and scholarly novelist with a penchant for writing nonsense. His many devoted fans seem to appreciate him more for this than his ability to carry a plot. I thought his humor strayed too often into silliness (except perhaps for the bit about the glass dildo with the piranhas inside). Meanwhile, the characters were flat, the sex was morbid, and the history was trite. For those who think a second reading will improve comprehension, maybe, but given the plot line, who cares?I'll end with a quote from the book:"Mouth keeps goin', nobody listenin',Gabbin' at a terrible pace-Aw, you're so sly, but I wave good-by,With a shit-eatin' grin on my face!"Is Pynchon really laughing at us?
I am a third of the way through and am not impressed at all. Maybe in person this author has more personality, but the written words are long-winded and repetitive. I won't bother finishing the book.
This book should be taken out of print if it hasn't already, it has some useful points but is sooo outdated that it might as well be used as a door stop because the information is much too old and based on much older versions of the software which has evolved beyond the book.Either update the book, which may have been relevant when first published, or do buyers a favor and upload the stock to the second hand books market.
There are a couple of riddles in this book that build a climax, however the end (or the lack thereof) if anticlimatic.  This book is disappointing.  The good point, though, is that it takes place at Princeton, and depicts some aspects of life there.
I have read and liked almost all of Crichton's novels but this one is just horrible. I couldn't believe how boring this thing was. Avoid at all costs.
I'll summarize the entire book for you in one sentence: use your finger to read.Seriously, that's it. Use your finger as a pacer, and trace under the lines you're reading. This will eliminate regressions (where you unconsciously re-read words) and improve your speed. It works, but the improvement is minor at best. And I sure as hell didn't become a "speed reader" who can read thousands of words  in one minute.The rest of the book is devoted to alleged success stories, exercises and repetitions of those drills. The author promises major improvement in a few weeks of drilling. I tried the drills, and guess what, no improvement. My reading speed before the drilling is the same as after. Disappointing, since the drills (starting on page 35) are the key exercises that are "guaranteed" to increase your speed. The gist of the drills is to read a section in a certain amount of time, then read it again trying to go further, and so forth. What you gain in speed, you will lose in comprehension. I was able to 'read' 2 pages in 1 minute. Sure, I comprehended nothing, but hey, at least rapid reading works in some sense, doesn't it?Between the repetitive drills, there's a ton of filler. There's stuff about a "dusting" gesture, loopy finger movements, and other useless stuff that's there to get your hopes up with no chance of you actually learning them.Mostly though, it's about recycling the idea of using your finger to read. That's really the only idea in the book.
Enjoyed the descriptions of the Scottish locations and historical time elements...story line, of course was science fiction type, which is not my favorite...Writing was good and certainly well researched!  Guess this is a series, but I won't be reading the next one.
that you pass on this shameless self promotion by Jared Martinez (The FX Thief) and instead buy All About Forex Trading by Jagerson Hanson.Martinez's book "The 10 Essentials to Forex Trading" is really nothing more than a marketing brochure for his company. He tells stories about being in Australia and mentions that he was a friend of the late Stephen Covey. Who cares? I was looking for some meat. He skates over some basic, very basic  FX techniques and spends a great deal of time promoting his charting services. I also had to laugh when he said that he (Martinez) feels that MTI is the greatest forex company in the world. Hey,  he owns it. What would we expect him to say?Funny thing. In 2011 Martinez's FX course The Ultimate Traders Package" was nominated to the Trader Planet top educational products. They didn't win. D ind't even come in second. Did end up a finalist though. However, in 2012, 8 educational courses were nominated, Martinez's Ultimate Traders Package was not one of them.Query? If this course is so great, how come it never wins and rarely even gets nominated for any awards? If it is as bad as the book, I can see why.
While this book contains useful concepts, the author keeps getting ahead of himself. Every few pages an advanced concept is introduced with the phrase "chapter 6 will cover this in detail, but for now". What follows is a sketchy summary of an advanced concept requiring a full chapter. This is a hopelessly confusing way of organizing material. I either have to jump ahead to chapter 6 to figure out what in the heck the author is talking about and hope I could understand that chapter without reading previous ones (I couldn't), or simply skip it for now and hope it wasn't important (it was). I tried both, and neither method worked.I keep asking myself why other reviewers praise this work. Why does every computer book written in the past couple years have at least 4 1/2 stars? Publishers hire professional reviewers to write glowing reviews. Don't fall for them, or for this book!
At this point I'm really tired of the author's style of linking cases in such a far-fetched way. For example, her husband asks her to help investigate a soldier's actions in the Middle East, and this same soldier just happens to be one of the bad guys in the murder of a young girl?BUT WAIT! We aren't done yet!She initially is investigating smuggled artifacts, that are dogs no less, and the suspected smuggler is ALSO involved in the girl's murder. Totally unrelated cases that Tempe &#34;somehow&#34; gets involved in all end up being related. It's all just too ridiculous, and I think I'm done with this series. Plus, this book just wasn't that interesting or exciting, especially for a $10 kindle version.The only reason I gave it two stars is the hope that Tempe might get back with Pete and finally get rid of unreliable Ryan and his corny sense of humor. Very disappointed.
The book is interesting, and I ended purchasing the full version. But if you do not pay attention, you can easily order the $2.51 "Chapter 1" by mistake, as I did. The "Chapter 1" option is at the top of the Kindle list, and not marked as a sample. If you just click on that price and order without checking the new page header, you will buy only the first chapter. The full version is the second option, labelled April 6 2010; it costs $8.55.  There is no credit towards full purchase either, and that is what I find really questionable.
I read this book for class, and I have to say that I liked the style the book was written. I however, really didn&#8217;t enjoy the story. Both Susan and Lyman complain about the exile they are in, but they created their own exile! They made the decisions of their life and they need to deal with the consequences. I really didn&#8217;t enjoy reading a book full of two people complaining the whole time.
Someone call Clive Cussler and tell him this piece of amateurish drivel supplanted _Inca Gold_ as the worst novel I've read. Having never picked up a Grisham novel before, I was expecting something at least clever or well-written, based on his popularity.  Sadly, this novel is to good writing what any Jim Carrey performance is to good acting; that is to say, not remotely related.
This book had received so many positive ratings that I bought it on my kindle.  If you want to read a book that will make you upset and feel dirty, then buy all means this book is for you.  The Author has included a cast of spiteful and pathetic characters and  weaved them into a loose plot.  The spousal abuse was spine chilling but not so much as the husband  telling his wife in graphic detail how he himself enjoyed being sexually abused.  This book is disturbing to say the least.
Every week I look at the top ten best sellers. Every week I see Who Moved My Cheese on the list. This book just won't go away.The book is slim, not too long. It tells a simple story using animals for characters. Three blind mice. It tells what happens when you do not keep your eye on the cheese. Someone moves it.Two of the mice continue to visit the place where the cheese used to be hoping the cheese will come back. The third mouse looks for cheese in other places.What a [poor]story...The point is that every day you have to go to work and prove to yourself and to others that  you deserve the job you have. Never take your job for granted...
I am in charge of packing the food for my sister and I each Spring and Fall for ten days in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. I started drying our own food after the first trip (up to 15 now).I bought this book because I like Alan S. Kesselhelm as a writer.  While Kesselhelm has in-depth wilderness experience, I fear I was spoiled by owning Teresa Marrone's "The Back-Country Kitchen" first. Good basics, of course, but my fav parts were the illustrations by Marypat Zitzer and the short introductory essays about life in the wilderness.
I was motivated to write this review (my first) because the last chapter was so bad.  It didn't flow well itself or with the rest of the book.  I thought I may have slept through parts of the book, so I started to re-read it.  No, I hadn't slept.  I couldn't finish re-reading because, like the first time, I got tired of the rambling and griping.  In the final chapter, the author missed the obvious.  He was the problem and would have been forced to leave regardless of national and organizational leadership.
For the most part, this book seemed contrived and impractical. There are a few good ideas in here, but they are buried. It takes a lot of effort to sort through and pull them out. I have three main beefs with the book:1) The author refers to himself and his works WAY too often. There is definitely more than Narcism there, I think maybe he is his own hero. But I don't find lateral thinking to be that fascinating. He satkes his reputation on this concept. &quot;Lateral Thinking&quot; is the same thing as &quot;mechanized creativity.&quot;2) There is a fundamental flaw in the book that shoots itself down. The entire book is about how we should avoid absolutes and deal with perceptions instead of concrete facts. Then it proceeds to claim that the author was &quot;right&quot; about this and that in previous works and it makes assumptions like that more food production is a goal to aspire to. Ultimately, this is a good &quot;exploration&quot; of a subject the author has not applied to himself. As such, I don't feel he should be regarded as speaking with authority.3) It is about 200 pages too long. There are 3 redundant forwards, followed by a lengthy introduction (32 pages), followed by a redundant introductory section. On page 110, the author is still referring to things he intends to do with the book. Don't talk it up, just do it.There are more than 70 pages building up what the book will do, and the rest of the book just fails to live up. ONE of the THREE Forwards says that the book is in simple terms because De Bono is a master and can dumb it down. Not so. It is in simple terms because it is not a complete concept and the whole book is filled with testaments to the author's lack of understanding of his own concepts.All that said, I actually do enjoy the &quot;lateral thinking&quot; exercises of De Bono. I suggest spending your reading time there instead of here.
Anyone giving this thing more than a star has to either read alot more or address a mental health issue.  Its been done before, by Poe and Hawthorne--and much more efficiently and much shorter.  These three stories are riffs from their short stories---only they're not short---and not worth the extra time.  Go back and read the Masters forget this tripe.  Forget postmodernism and deconstruction.  This is simply boring writing.  Because Auster includes himself in these surveillance/doubling stories does not make them anything special.  Its not original and its dull.  Remember this when you finish reading 300 pages about stupid behavior.
Well, what to say about this...The book is based on assuming the EMH is false.  Nothing really wrong with that, it is a very debatable topic.  And it is predicated on the small value premium existing.  Again, nothing wrong with that.  It provides a number of tools for evaluating stocks to include in a value portfolio and explains the role of eliminating stocks with signs of questionable accounting from your portfolio and potentially shorting said stocks as well.  Probably OK so far all things considered.So why the one star?  Well, as a whole the presentation is somewhere between grossly misleading and downright fraudulent.  This became less surprising when I read the jacket cover and saw both authors are associated with Motley Fool - the same group of people that brought you the back-test tuned "Foolish Four" portfolio that lost individual investors millions and was shown to under perform random portfolios.As just one example consider the section on the "death cross" which is a technical market timing indicator based on crossing moving averages.  This indicator has been evaluated over the historic data many times and the result is that it isn't an indicator at all.  It doesn't work, no flavor or variation of it is predictive.  Nevertheless the authors not only advocate it but first only run it back to about 2000 and then fine tune the averaging intervals to show it returned a huge positive return compared to buy-and-hold.  This is back test tuning at its worst and only the most intellectually dishonest and reprehensible authors would do such a thing.A careful reader will also note some of their other portfolio examples are run only over four years!  They are already selecting for value stocks that have huge variation (SD's of like 25% or more).  A four year analysis is completely meaningless, all you are looking at is noise and by tuning the portfolio parameters you can reach any conclusion you want.  Even if you don't tune any random portfolio selection will show as much difference as they demonstrate through random variation alone over such a short period.  As they have already demonstrated complete intellectual dishonesty in the back test tuning of the "death cross" one can only assume they've done even worse in these examples.Yes, the book might include some interesting and even valid fundamental analysis techniques.  Unfortunately the authors are clearly charlatans based on their writing and back testing - no reader would be well served by trusting what they write.  It just isn't clear to me who this book is for.  A savvy investor who can see through the authors' misleading statements already knows the fundamental analysis techniques outlined rather thinly in the book.  A new investor will be mislead without the experience to be able to recognize and dismiss them.A sad effort, and amazing it is reaping five star reviews.  Proof again I guess that you can fool most of the people some of the time.Look elsewhere.  New investors - this book is packed with misleading data and you don't have the experience to tell right from wrong.  Experienced investors - there are better texts on fundamental analysis than this not saddled with dishonest back testing.  Experienced investors might find some humor in just how ridiculously bad the portfolio analysis examples are but I'm not sure that's worth your time or money.  There are plenty of free examples just as bad on the internet, no need to buy the book to peruse their particularly egregious examples.I'd like to give this more stars since it does include some nice presentations, but when a book has got "numbers" in its title and then the authors go out of their way to be insultingly dishonest with the numbers in their back testing I can only say I wish there was a negative star rating.
Thought I would get a good overview of the topic, to understand what it is, so I can decide when to dive in deeper.But after reading the first two chapters the author has lost total credibility, and I won't waste my time on the rest of the book. It talks all about the wonderful savings Six Sigma will give you, and totally ommits that there is cost involved in doing it. If done well, yes there's positive bottom-line impact, but especially as a manager I want to know what the ROI is, and not just get glory words on the upside, but also a realistic view of the downside.What killed it for me was the side bar that assumed that if a employee costs $50K, and her activities produce $100K in revenue that the ROI of having this employee is 100%!! If the activities would have produced $100K in net profit, then this would be more accurate. So lets get the basics right, so that we have credibility to talk about the rest.
Upon reading the reviews, I expected alot more than I found in these pages. Plenty of repetition, unrealistic scenarios, and yet another fine look at family dysfunction.I read it through to be fair, and these were some painful pages to turn. The premise is unusual, and while it was most likely a challenge to write, it doesnt deserve all the fanfare. By the end I was only tired and disappointed.
Im surprised by how highly rated this book is. Nearly the first 100 pages have no place in the book and the story itself could have been reduced to less than 200 pages. And what actually remains of the story proper leaves little to recommend. The author's attitude is like many second rate soldier-writers: a beer a fart and another battle. The sort of moral issues of conscience which even the most insensitive soldier must surely have felt, have absolutely no expression here. I find it hard to understand how a person exposed to such wanton destruction and violence could at the same time be so glib. Admittedly not every novel needs to be a towering work of genius a long the order of 'War and Peace', but it should shed some light however brief and faint upon the inner workings of the human soul. The story is 2 dimensional and at times childish.The book has absolutely no psychological nuance in its portrayal of the battle and the soldiers involved. And even the simple narration of the facts is marred by fragmentary and disparate observations lacking in any over-all unity or intention.
Certain books have the ability to sweep through organizations as the hipist new thing on the planet. "Who Moved My Cheese," by Spencer Johnson is just such a book.After sweeping through the corner office executive world, most middle managers found a copy of Johnson's book in their in box or sitting in their cube.The book starts out at a college reunion. A man passionately relates to his old college buddies how a book he just read called "Who Moved My Cheese" effected his life. While I usually find self referencing material to be interesting, (see "Godel, Escher, Bach" by Douglas R. Hofstadter) Johnson's use of the technique is totally self serving.The character in the book goes on to relate that there was a manager at his company who made negative comments about the book. This manager was laughed and made fun of. This is an obvious and doorky attempt to root out any dissenting opinions. The message right off the bat is, if you disagree with the book or are not sympathetic to it, you do not understands it's message. In law, this type of argument is called an ad hominem. Attacking the person instead of attacking the argument.Attacking the person instead of the argument is typically what you would expect from old time religion, not pseudo philosophical self help management books (I think that is a whole new until now unrecognized genre). Heaven forbid that anyone might actually have some personal insight. Thus, it is very obvious from the get go that Johnson, beyond, not being able to write believable dialog or create meaningful characterization, is in an all out smug of war with the reader.After suffering through the college reunion, the book finally gets to the meat of Johnson's argument. Johnson separates reality into four types of people. In logic, this is called a "biased sample." Common sense will tell you that the whole world's population can not be divided into four different types of people. But I digress.In the book, the four main characters are in pursuit of Cheese. The author tries to equate Cheese with desire. This is most clearly done at the end of the book, where the author uses Cheese as an allegory for relationships. Most of the book does not make this distinction and it is clear throughout that the author is doing a "wink, wink, nod, nod" to the idea that Cheese is anything other then money.Why is this important?  While I am certainly a capitalist, it is such an americanism to equate the value of life with money itself.  And it is obviously not true.  If you do not hold money as a defining atribute, it is then possible to live your life without being in fear of losing it.Evolution is also at a discord with the message of the book. Johnson glorifies the qualities of two characters that use animal instinct to react to change and criticizes the intelligent characters in the book for not reacting using instinct. This is an example of the anti-intellectualism that is often found in western pop philosophy. The book denies the power of proactively affecting change and rewards only the reactive. To put it more simply, "ignorance is bliss."The two characters that use instinct are rats and the two characters that have intelligence are "little people." And yet the two types of characters are fighting for the same food and attack their problems in the same fashion. Evolution proves to us that this would not be the case. The characters with more intelligence would find another niche in their environment higher then that of the rats. Indeed, they might find a way to create their own cheese.So why does the corporate world love this book? Simple, it lets them off the hook. The actual message of the book is that you need to accept that the only one you can depend upon is yourself. Thanks Johnson, that was so deep, I never would have gotten that! Change will happen, react to it with instinct and do not allow your feelings to get in the way of moving on. Forget the fact that you dedicated your life to a company or stayed loyal when no one else did, the company does not exist for you. You are nothing.In conclusion, if you do not identify yourself as a stupid rat or an ignorant little person this book breaks down without a firm grounding in conventional philosophy. For all of the fuzzy logic that goes into the book, the message from upper management giving you a copy of "Who Moved My Cheese" is clear: don't depend upon us.
The problem with this book is that he is trying to teach C# and VB at the same time. Not even a paragraph of C# then a paragraph of VB. No, he mixes them up in the same paragraphs. C# does this but VB does this instead but if you change this then C# does this but VB doesn't. I have never seen anybody teach two things in the same sentence. So you waste at least half of your time trying to search through the paragraphs, looking for stuff about VB while ignoring the stuff about C# but sometimes even that doesn't work and you have to read the stuff about C# to get the context of the statement about VB. So I have a choice to make, continue to struggle, page after page, unravelling the intertwined information or take a hit for the price of the book and get a different one. I really don't think I can handle reading this any more.
This book put me to sleep. I keep hoping something good is waiting in next page/chapter. I was wrong that nothing happened. I skipped to the end just to find out the plot and it is disappointing. I am glad I did not insisted on reading this book. I will not buy from this author.
I've heard about this book my entire life, and it was banned from my public school system.  They didn't need to bother banning it because I would have found it incredibly dull then just as I do now.  I cannot understand why this book has classic status or that it is actually used in classrooms around the country.  Holden is a loser with a capital L.  He's a spoiled rich kid in NYC and throws all of his advantages away.  I'm sure glad it was a short read, but I can assure you, the fact that I hadn't read it until recently, didn't affect my life in a negative way at all.
Having heard that Atonement was a 'masterpiece' it is possible that I went in with expectations which were too high. Also, I'd recently read Jo Walton's Farthing which I can absolutely qualify as a masterpiece - engaging, chilling, compelling - and Atonement didn't compare at all favorably.It's a meandering tale which, by my lights, suffers from having the major plot point captured in the summary. You know Briony makes a terrible error in judgment and the book belabors it over, and over, and over. The 'twist' at the end was the only point at which the novel 'grabbed' me and by then it was too little, too late.I expect the novel will make a great film because you can hack out enormous chunks of it and not miss a thing.
As a crime novel, this book is a real stinker. Mankell apparently intends it as a fictional polemic and employs a Scandinavian variation on the Hollywood stereotype of the "wily Chinese." As fiction and as politics, the book fails to persuade. The story opens with a terrible crime -- the slaughter and dismemberment of 19 people in a tiny and remote village in northern Sweden. The central character is Judge Birgitta Roslin, who realizes that her mother grew up in the village as the foster daughter of two of the victims. Ordered by her doctor to take time off from work and unhappy with the estrangement in her longtime marriage, Roslin heads north and tries to insinuate herself into the investigation, embarking on an investigation of her own that seems to show connections to a recent visitor from Chinese and a recent slasher murder of a family in Nevada. Roslin goes so far as to break into the crime scene and steal some letters and diaries from a desk drawer. SPOILER ALERT. The next part of the novel is a diary written by a Chinese man about his experiences as a peasant in the 1850s who was tricked into indentured servitude in Canton, transported to work on the railroad in the U. S., endured torture at the hands of a brutal Swedish overseer, and eventually made his way back to China with the help of two Swedish missionaries who ultimately betrayed him as well. The diary is now in the hands of his modern-day descendant, one of the new Chinese billionaires who is bent on revenge. Back in Sweden, Judge Roslin is still on the case, despite the fact that the police have arrested a man who confessed to the murders before killing himself in jail. Among her clues is a photograph of a Chinese guest taken from a hotel surveillance camera and a Chinese magazine bearing the handwritten address of a Beijing hotel, both of which she carries with her to Beijing when she fortuitously joins an old school chum on a trip to China. While the judge's pal is occupied with a conference on Chinese history, Roslin goes off in search of the man in her photograph and winds up mugged, with her purse stolen and hotel room searched. Who should ride to the rescue but the sister of the Chinese billionaire, a party functionary who is greatly disturbed by rebirth of a new mandarin class of capitalists. After sending Judge Roslin back to Sweden, sister and brother both travel to Africa as part of an official delegation, and sister is disturbed to learn that her brother and Chinese authorities have hatched a plan to relocate millions of Chinese peasants to Africa, billing what she sees as simple colonialism as redevelopment aid. In Africa, the brother arranges an accident that kills his sister and the bodyguard responsible for the killings in Nevada and Sweden. But before her death, his sister entrusted a letter to a friend which detailed her worries, and so when the action moves back to Sweden, Judge Roslin finds herself approached by a mysterious Chinese woman from London who warns that her life might be in danger. When Roslin learns that the Chinese man has returned to the remote village, she heads for London, where the evil billionaire from Beijing is killed with a rifle shot to the head through the window of a London hotel just as he's about the lace her breakfast coffee with ground glass. The shooter is the son of the dead sister who has obtained revenge for the murder of his mother. The biggest problem with this story is the wooden characters who mouth all the correct attitudes of liberal Western concern for the poor and dispossessed of the world but lack flesh, blood, and beating hearts. Judge Roslin and her friend were pro-Mao radicals in the 1960s but have nothing interesting to say about who they were then or how they found China now. The Chinese billionaire risks everything to avenge long-dead ancestors by slaughtering people several generations removed from the brutal overseer but Mankell fails to show the visceral emotions which would animate such a reprisal. The book fails as a whodunit, simply telling us the culprit. And the book fails as a polemic, tossing off a bunch of ominous predictions about China's plans for Africa without providing any concrete evidence. It takes a talented writer to pull off a genre-bender, and Mankell clearly is not up to the task.
Story telling, metaphors or parables are all powerful ways to convey a message. To do this effectively the author of such a work needs to be precise with the detail and structure of their tale. This ensures the reader gets the desired message. Unfortunately this is one the areas where this book fails. It appears to want to cover all aspects of change, which dilutes the message it's trying to convey. We should 'enjoy change' we are told, but I always find it hard to enjoy changes such the loss of a loved one, job redundancy or injury from an accident, and such platitudes get a bit demeaning after awhile. You can't make change positive, just by looking at it differently - quite a stupid concept actually.It's not until the high school reunion discussion reviewed the story that it became obvious what the 'cheese' was to me (maybe because I was so annoyed as I read it). If the author needs such a fabricated discussion to explain his message then he's failed in my view, the story should stand on it's own. Obviously this book speaks to some readers but if you've delved at all into change management before, you'll find this disappointing. Although it might make you so angry it could motivate you to write your own self-help book - and thats not a bad thing.
It is amazing: the reviews center on the quality of the mathematical/physics presentation (which I think is very high), and totally ignore the fact that this, like virtually all books written in this vein, is supremely naive about fundamental philosophical issues. What I mean, briefly, is this: the book is predicated on an unstated, rigidly held Cartesian dualism, and for dealing with fundamental questions that is a very suspect ground--an expression of what the philosopher Lawrence Cahoone calls "philosophical narcissism." For an antidote, I highly recommend Cahoone's "The Dilemma of Modernity" (SUNY, 1988), or, immodestly, my own "The Unboundaried Self: Putting the Person Back Into the View From Nowhere", published by Trafford (2005; Details at [...]).
this book is extremly bad,,too mucho technich and encripted,,with stupid examples and long long lines,,saying nothing,, this book is so bad,,that I did not finish reading it,, is so boring,,if I could I would give 0 star to this book,,,I highly reccommend the book "the first time manager,,,"that book is master and exceptional,,written in a very simple a open language,,this book is 100% excellent..
I find it very difficult to leave poor reviews on books. I give credit to any author who can start, finish, and publish a work, something I have not yet done myself. However, from the perspective of a reader and technical analyst, I just didn't get much out of this book. In fact, as my review title suggests, there were several times I found myself saying aloud, "What is she talking about?".I read this for the CMT level three exam, and if it had not been required reading I would not have finished it. Actually, I really just skimmed through the last half. After she started going into astronomy and planets' retrograde movement in chapter nine, I was emotionally finished with this book. It is a perfect example for why technical analysis is still looked down upon by many in the finance industry as tantamount to voodoo. She takes an already esoteric discipline and makes it a lot more complicated than it needs to be. The goal of TA is simply to give a trader a way to identify higher probability entry and exit points, and there are much simpler ways to accomplish this than the tools found in this book.Pros:1. The author is obviously very intelligent, and I'm sure is a fantastic analyst and trader. If she understands and can apply everything she writes about, more power to her.2. She tries to look at TA in unique ways and develop new rules and applications. The range rules for oscillators like the RSI early in the book were beneficial.Cons:1. I did not feel she explained how to apply the complex concepts well and assumed the reader had the same knowledge base as her. I'm no novice and was able to follow along with a lot of work on my part, but she is still introducing new rules, concepts, and methods that she has developed or identified so those need to be explained more thoroughly since they are not exactly a part of the traditional TA "dogma". I also thought the writing was poor at times and included too many non sequiturs that seemed out of place in a professional work. Like I said, there were many times I was left wondering what she was talking about or why she decided to mention something, and I don't mean this from a comprehension or understanding standpoint. The topics just seemed out of place.2. Poor charts that were placed horribly in the book. The ones included were often cluttered with way too much going on for such a small chart. I understand there are space limitations but other books have made it work. There were also way too few current charts. It's great that a concept worked in the one chart the reader is shown from back in 1996, but I would have liked to see evidence that these concepts can still be applied in the current markets. She would also refer to the same chart for pages at a time so I had to keep flipping back and forth every sentence. If ever there was a book that would benefit from a Kindle edition with hyperlinks, it's this one.3. Like most Elliot Wave practitioners, she spoke too often in definites, making the subjects seem like they work every single time and followed strict rules. TA is not mathematics. 2 + 2 is not always 4 every single time.4. Way too often she introduced concepts, but didn't explain them until later in the book. This got very annoying.If you must read this book for the CMT, I hope you get more out of it than I did. If you are just interested in expanding your technical analysis knowledge, be forewarned that at times the author may sound like she's about to read your horoscope to predict the grains markets.
Those who are giving this book 5 stars will be the very same franchised business coaches who benefit from the sale of the book. Do not be sucked in as the book is very weak. There is no instant success with this book. The guy is a con artist. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
I re-read this along with the rest of the series after having read them several times as a kid.  They're definitely for kids, but still fun to read as an adult especially being able to remember reading them as a kid.This is by far the worst book in the series.  It starts out well enough, with a pretty good story and some pretty good characters, including the new king, and some good animals.  But by the end, it degenerates into a lot of feel good religous nonesense that just doesn't live up to the rest of the series.  Having said that, it's still a must read to close out the series, but thankfully it's pretty short.If you're reading this series for the first time, be sure to read it in the correct order (starting with The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe) instead of the stupid order they are currently marketed in, as they will be much more enjoyable.
I was actually a fan of Bill Clinton before reading this book. I couldn't even finish it because it was exhausting. He spends so much time patting himself on the back for the good that he has done that he forgets to go into detail on his mistakes.
This book came highly recommended by an acquaintance. From her brief description I couldn't wait to search it out and read it. Before purchasing, I read a few of the five star reviews and a few one star. All reviews spoke either negatively or positively about the sex and violence. Which intrigued me. I bought it. I'm glad I only bought the first in the series because for all the sex and violence, this book is a snore! Every time I pick it up and begin to read, I begin to fall asleep.Claire is the worst time traveling heroine. She has no surprise or emotion about being thrust into a century 200 years before her time. The food, the clothing, the language are all done with ease as if she had done this many times. She's not very likeable. She is flat and shows little to no emotion. Jamie is not much better as a hero. He seems as young or younger than his age in the book. He has a few commendable moments but I am unable to feel anything more than indifference towards him.As for the alleged graphic nature of this novel, does not exist in near the capacity it's written about. Harry Potter was more graphic!! The &#34;sex&#34; scenes are a MAJOR let down being as this is romance. Their is no believable romance and the sex is alluded to and not described. Once she has sex with him the do it five tines in 24 hours and not a single scene made me flutter, stir, or swoon. Not. A. Single. One. I was really hoping the graphic part of this book would help make it interesting but it didn't. At all. I never made it to the anal rape but geez if the only the only descriptive scenes are of the rape, the author has big problems.I am in process of trying to force myself to finish this snooze fest. I love all books. I love fantasy, sci-fi, historical romance, comedy, dystopian, utopian, suspense, thriller and just about anything you else you can think of. If you have sex in your book let it be great sex, if you have violence then let it be graphic, if you have a time travel element let it be at the very least believable. This was just a huge miss on what could have been a superb series. I realize I am the minority in this opinion but a lot of women loved 50 shades took and that is one of the worst books written in the history of books. However at least 50 shades had incredible sex scenes!
I read this because I was starting out in creative writing and thought that reading well known "literary" fiction would help develop my talents. I should have stuck to the Great Gatsby and the Sun Also Rises.This book desperately avoids any of the conventional trappings of fiction: character, plot, setting, tension, etc. No one in it is convincing, I don't care about their problems, I'm uninterested in where they live.Delillio uses their local supermarket as an extended metaphor for the characters' rampant commercialism as their shopping trips turn into orgasmic experiences of materialistic indulgence. At first I thought this was funny and in a sense true, i.e. we all spend a little more time worrying about having the latest and greatest "IT" gadget. But then I thought, wait, who the hell enjoys grocery shopping let alone REVELS in it? No one I know--it's a chore that we do because we have to.Six months after reading White Noise, I remember nothing except for a lukewarm moral: don't be so materialistic. Great, I didn't need a book to tell me that. Theme is supposed to emerge from a work of fiction; White Noise is nothing but a (tepid) theme, with a few literary trappings about it to trick people into reading it. And that is what this book really is; a silly trick by a critic's darling to help us feel more self-rightous, i.e. I read this book so I'm smarter than the rest of you.
I loved Jackson's &#34;We Have Always Lived in the Castle&#34; but I couldn't get past the first few chapters of this book. I found the characters to be incredibly annoying.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House
When I set out to purchase this novel, I found the conflicting reviews a bit troubling; half of the readers seemed to find it stunning, deep, and worthwhile and the other half rated it as little more than a poorly-done historical romance. Being an academic vested in gender studies, I nevertheless had to pick it up to see what it was all about.I was sad to learn very early on that it was, indeed, no better than a typical hetero romance novel with a slight (and not altogether original) twist. The "good guys" are beautiful, intelligent, emotionally rich individuals; there's the stereotypical sultry devil from New Orleans, the exotic and strange (aren't all foreigners..? sigh.) Greek-born Englishman, the back-woods genius who is compared (appropriately) to Ganymede, and the gay couple who have been together for years. The "bad guys" are all extremely bad, extremely ugly, and with few redeemable features. If they're not psychotic, they're religiously fanatical, giving a very biased view of not just history but humanity as a whole.The setting itself isn't artfully worked; I found myself stretching my imagination to visualize the places that were being described, even though at least two of these places (Yale and Oxford) I am personally familiar with. It was obvious that quite little research went into actually fleshing out the settings and, while I might have been less struck by poor setting had the characters been engrossing, there ended up being so many plot holes and ahistorical inconsistencies that I had to force myself to get through it."At Swim, Two Boys" it was not, but this book has its slight value. It wasn't an altogether unpleasant read; while, as one reader pointed out, the prose did seem at times quite Anne Rice-ian, and while long passages where characters wrote letters to one another dragged on, there were parts of the description (parts dealing with clothing, food, bodies, anything aside from locales) that were quite lovely and worthwhile, and the story will potentially find its target audience in someone seeking the fluffy, no-effort read of a romance novel, its happy ending, and the fact that it's a non-heteronormative romance. It should, however, be firmly planted into that genre, and not into the overall genre of fiction or queer lit, because it just doesn't make the cut.
I have been very disappointed by some authors of late and John Grisham has now joined the list. This book along with Skipping Christmas should be skipped altogether. While the scenery is great the story is very weak and and it does not have the page turner qualities of his earlier works. I loved The Pelican Brief, The Firm and Runaway Jury to name a few. I hated the Chamber for too many reasons to get into and found The Painted House tolerable.I read this book in two days hoping upon hope it would get better and never did. Buy some of his earlier works, skip this one.
Too many characters that I could not connect with. I'm not in the financial industry so I got lost in the explanations. But I thought the writer of Blind side would have been able to present this dry topic a little better. Maybe I'm just not that smart!
This book was just unfocused and lazy.Honestly the sniper, and mathematics serial killer story lines had absolutely nothing to do with the major story arch and were purely time wasters.I'm sorry, but Nana Mama needed to go a few years ago. Is she going to be 110 years old and still watching over the house like nothing has changed?I'm sorry, but when you're 92 years old, slightly changing your breakfast isn't going to substantially change your quality of living, when you were having constant heart attacks and lapses into coma last book.
Navarro and Autry say that it's not China bashing if it's the truth. Indeed they start with a truism that China is engaged in mercantilism, then add some amateur motivational psychology, a bit of fantasy and enough pejorative adjectives to make it mindless China bashing. Besides, didn't Obama promise to fix the problem in his 2008 campaign?It's easy to see that the authors don't know what they are talking about when they engage in military and espionage speculation. They ask the trivial question of why would China develop its own GPS system when American satellite are available for the world to use. They are unconcerned about Japan, India and Russia. There's a Buck Rogers fantasy that China is engaged in developing A-bombs in space to throw enough shrapnel into orbit to knock down American GPS navigation and communication satellites. They then state that there are more intelligent methods involving terrestrial interference. That much is correct, but why introduce it with fantasy? If the authors really know what they claim about the state of espionage they will soon be in jail for publishing it.We have ourselves to blame for the current account deficit. China is engaged in mercantilism in its own interests taking advantage of misguided US policies in the name of fair trade. China is simply taking over where Japan left off. The Chinese are copying what Japan Europe and Canada have been doing since WWII. The author's theme that the current account deficit is a Chinese invention, designed as a weapon of job destruction is ridiculous. We have proven quite adept at destroying our own jobs. Our steel and auto industries are gone and not coming back. We can hardly blame China. Semiconductor and solar industries are following the same route. The Chinese can't be blamed for taking their share. Call them vultures if we will. It's uninformed subsidizing of solar energy that makes the taxpayers pay for Solyndra while profitable companies are burdened to the point where they must sell to the Chinese. Navarro blames China for US policy failure.The authors correctly make the point that there is not a flat playing field in the foreign trade game. Ironically, there will not be a flat playing field until China's socialism catches up with ours. The burden on American labor, primarily SS and Medicare, is too heavy to overcome no matter how much the renminbi is revalued.  Regarding theft of trade secrets, there's a strange implication that China is catching up for lost time after innovation preeminence during the Tang and Ming dynasties. The problem is not so much China engaged in cheating in foreign trade and intellectual property theft, but that they are so much better at it than we are.Chinese mercantilism is not, as the authors continually claim, a weapon of job destruction. Jobs have been going off shore since the labor burden was added in the late sixties. In advocating Chinese currency revaluation. The authors overlook that it's not consistent with administration policy to press China hard on currency revaluation. Treasury Secretary Geithner has even pretended a strong dollar policy. Obama is quite happy to allow the Chinese to finance an increasing portion our national debt. It's a great source of spending power. Reducing current account or indeed any deficit is not in accord with administration objectives. The real problem will occur as the Chinese wean themselves from US consumption faster than we can wean ourselves from Chinese credit.We must give credit for fairly extensive compilation of tales from current events. The stories of human rights abuses involving minority suppression, torture and child labor are very interesting, but when will China bashers and human rights activists learn that anecdotal evidence detracts from statistical claims? True the Chinese probably don't care about pollution effects on the USA and other countries, but it's hardly a policy designed to destroy the USA. Most abuses can equally be attributed to American actions at home and abroad.Navarro denigrates the China policy of liberal writers like Fareed Zaccharia, Thomas Friedman and Joseph Stiglitz, saying that they misread China. No, Navarro misreads China, the liberal writers misread America. With peculiar inconsistency, he defends the most liberal of all economists, Paul Krugman. The book ends with a long list of advocated solutions, mostly wishful thinking involving change of attitude of American public and government.As Lincoln said &#8220;America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.&#8221; Chinese actions are no exception. This is an extensive, but ultimately trivial, stockbroker's view of the China trade.
I got several books by Shirley, and so far I have not been able to get through one of them.  Boring.  Like she has nothing to say, I am interested in.
Don't expect to learn much from this book. The tutorial is mediocre and so is the reference. This book could've fit in about 100 pages or so as it seems the font spacing was raised too high. There's a lot of wasted space on the paper... but the cover is really neat...
The only star left is for the idea! The novel is so unlike Chrichton that, in the process of reading it, I have often asked myself if he actually wrote it himself. Yes, I also had the impression that this is not a novel, but a script for a bad movie. The characters are completely unrealistic, they are supermen and -women, their actions are totally incredible. Imagine a 20th century scientist jousting against a medieval knight - and winning! And he is better with the sword than all his medieval adversaries that know how to fight with this weapon. Which brings us to the next flaw: violence. I have  nothing against it. It is - unfortunately - part of our lives. But here it is often used to attract certain readers that otherwise would not read books. It is true, the Middle Ages were violent times. But can we be sure that people then just rode through the forest and beheaded people just for the fun of it? And is it conceivable that all knights of that time were paranoid, inhuman and stupid sadists? All of them psychopaths? This is the impression you get when you read this book. Maybe Crichton should have read those books mentioned in the bibliography more closely. I have enjoyed most of Crichton's books. But this one is bad!
I can't believe the high ratings this book got. The book did have some funny parts but not enough to make it interesting.
Just pure hype.  Life is too short to waste on such a piece of garbage.
I loved the book! It had a bunch of great poems, some two pages long. There was one about Harriet Tuban, one about music. It seemed as the little girl was telling all the poems. More than ten poems for age ranges 7-11. Says it in the back of the book. If you are a parent who's child does AR, you would be happy to know this book is AR.My school libarian let me choose a few old books to keep. At first when I saw this book I wasn't so sure, but once I started these poems I couldn't put the book down. I was like, what a great book!I am in third grade but read at a 6th grade level. The only reason I rated Honey, I Love and Other Love Poems 4 stars instead of five because it was kinda short. Hope you enjoyed my review!
Really cannot remember when I have been so boredhundreds of meaningless names and places and events which are quickly forgottenneither dramatic nor entertaining just a very dry bit of very useless history
maybe this won't be published.  i have to say that after the traumatic ending of Beyond Reach, i have no interest in reading any further books by Slaughter.  i have seen this book in bookstores.  and just now i saw an ad for it on TNT -- the first ad of this type i've seen on TV.  perhaps it is well-written.  however, i read fiction for entertainment and escaping from my own traumas.  if i wanted brutal reality, i'd read true crime.  and so, i boycott karin slaughter.  as a matter of fact, before retiring last year after 34 years in a public library, i discouraged people from reading slaughter's books because i knew they'd be disappointed.  just my take.
The series of unfortunate events was a series based on sadness,death,despair,adventure and villany. I am not going to lie and say I expected a resounding ending,because I didn't.I didn't expect a manifest of every answer to every mystery in the series.All we wanted was a nice ending that tied up the important things in the series, ex. what happened to the kids, what happens to the &#34;good guys&#34; and so on.What we got didn't tie up anything at all. Synopsis of what we got:the kids end up on the island,look around,solve an insignificant mystery,kat and olaf kiss for no apparent reason,kids take care of kat's baby,leave.Where, pray tell, is the ENDING?There is absolutely no resolution whatsoever. This is like a mirage:you see one,walk up to it and it disappears,and move on to the next.I am having mercy and giving this book two stars because I didn't expect much from it anyway.
Boring, boring, boring, where was the story? or stories?  Not worth the time to try and read, definitely not for me.
What an overrated piece of soap-operatic junk! I can't recall when I was so disappointed in a book. With all the accolades, I was expecting something really special (tho' I should know better by now, as commercial/popular success seems these days to be inversely related to quality). While the prose itself is nice, the entire book hangs on an event that occurs early on and is so contrived and unbelievable, with an outcome that is so predictable, that it was difficult for me to keep reading -- and the only reason I did keep reading was because I kept hoping it would get better, that an intelligent and complex structure would ultimately emerge to justify the contrivance and its predictability -- but alas, it never does. I can't get into specifics without giving away details that shouldn't be revealed to those who still want to read this trash, but if you're looking for an intelligent read with some substance and honesty, DON'T read this book!!
By the CEO of Optimization Strategy (OS) guru firm, Princeton Consultants, Steve Sashihara, The book is supposed to be "approachable to business execs" and lead them to be inspired to "Maximize All Your Company's Assets".Well, the first thing to be "optimized" should have been this book. This book is twice the page count that it needs to be, and is lacking in enough actionable insights to warrant publishing a book.While, I do not doubt the capabilities of the professionals at Princeton Consultants, or their consulting philosophy of asset maximization using the right balance of People, Process and IT Solutions,I feel they should perhaps leave book writing to others, or make sure McGraw-Hill (publisher)assign an business editor for future projects. Over 50% of the book is rote, filler-fodder discussing the history of mathematics and computing! The first attention grabber, referred to the book, and recent movie, Money Ball...and that was embedded deep into this yawner.The book reads like a textbook wanting to be a white paper, wanting to be a biography. Author repeats the case studies of profiled clients in a randomized manner, leaving you with a feeling of D&eacute;j&agrave;' Vu.Here's the deal: If you are a large enterprise, and have some cash, have Princeton Consultants in for an initial meeting after you do the following 5 Steps:1. Conduct a review of your Business Model, using "Business Model Generation: A Handbook for Visionaries, Game Changers, and Challengers" (Osterwalder,Pignuer) and "New Supply Chain Agenda: The 5 Steps That Drive Real Value"(Stone,Dittman,Mentzer).2. Learn some Change Management Techniques, using "A Sense of Urgency"(Kotter)3. Develop a new Leadership Plan using "Open Leadership: How Social Technology Can Transform the Way You Lead"(Li), "Empowered: Unleash Your Employees, Energize Your Customers, and Transform Your Business"(Bernhoff/Schadler) and "Mastering the Rockefeller Habits: What You Must Do to Increase the Value of Your Fast-Growth Firm"(Harnish)4. Create (or Modify) Item #1 above by using learnings from items #2-3, while applying LEAN, Six Sigma, Business Analytics with a bias towards how you are going to capture insights from "Big Data". Use the following, "Leaning Into Six Sigma : A Parable of the Journey to Six Sigma and a Lean Enterprise" (Wheat,Mills,Carnell-McGraw Hill!), "Analytics at Work: Smarter Decisions, Better Results"(davenport,Harris,Morrison, "Pull: The Power of the Semantic Web to Transform Your Business"(Siegel)and "Harvard Business Review on Aligning Technology with Strategy (Harvard Business Review Paperback Series).5. Engage appropriate Subject Matter Expert Consultants as needed to accomplish #1-4.If you do this 5 step process, you can easily skip reading "The Optimization Edge" but enjoy having Princeton Consultants do some heavy lifting for you....
Why was Hemingway so famous? I really don't understand at all. The style of this book is crude and juvenile. The plot wanders without much of a point. It seems more like blogging than literature. I think that Hemingway's fame was accidental - he made the right friends and used his personality to catch people's interest.Decades after his death, we should be able to assess his literary legacy more objectively. He was a literary lightweight.Finishing this book was a chore. Unless you want to see for yourself what all the fuss is about, you should just read something else.
I might have liked this book better had it not been compared to the Da Vinci Code.  Now THAT was a great book!  The great mystery in this book has lasted 500 years - yet its unraveled pretty easily by random people popping in the main characters dorm room.  I found the main character rather unlikable.  He is this kind of geeky self absorbed character - and yet is doted on by his girlfriend who stepped off the screen of Dawson's Creek (and is even named Katie) and by his glamour room mates.  I don't get it.  The two main characters are pretty well drawn out - but the girlfriend and room mates are fantasy caricatures.  There were also some editing problems.  All in all - pretty mediocre with a few clever moments thrown in.  I want to get rid of my copy but I certainly won't give it to any of my friends to read!
The whole time I was reading this, one question dogged me:  why did the Greek gods and goddesses end up in London?  Their powers are being sapped because the masses don't believe in them, so what are they doing in skeptical, post-belief Europe when they should be in a more "superstitious" part of the world?  I just couldn't suspend my disbelief enough to accept that element of what is otherwise an interesting premise (especially for those of us who took Latin in high school) with so much potential.  Sadly, the book also falters in its flat, underdeveloped characters.  One might have expected that of the gods and goddesses since they are -- and have been since time immemorial -- simply types, with a couple defining characteristics.  But even the human characters lack development.  The uncomplicated plot drives the narrative along quickly, all the way to its predictable conclusion.
First, let me say that this novel is brilliant, insightful and lyric.  It manages to be thought-provoking and entertaining at the same time and is just a true joy to read on so many levels.  That said, the reading of "The Quiet American" in this audio book format leaves something to be desired.Joseph Porter has a lovely voice well-suited to the narrator, and even well-suited to the main female character Phuong.  However, as soon as the titular quiet american breaks his silence, the feigned American accent Porter reads with is simply appalling. I found it beyond distracting.  I find that if you can't do an accent well for a public reading, best to leave it alone and read in your own voice.  Joseph Porter could be forgiven for reading the lines of the American characters with a British lilt.  There was no reason to forge ahead just to decimate the reading so awfully.
Olivia Goldsmith's books usually have me intrigued from the first page.  I read the first chapter and kept thinking &quot;something's wrong&quot;.  I read the second chapter and decided that someone else is writing for Olivia.  I'm not looking forward to reading the third chapter.  As of this moment, I doubt very much that I will continue with this farce.  Ms. Goldsmith should be ashamed that this book was published under her name.  Perhaps, it would have been better received by the reading public if she had used a pseudonym.
In support of the heading, let's take a look at presented viewpoints. There is nothing besides famous 4+1 and a slight variation on the theme.EA leaped forward during last 5 years, leaving presented material far behind.
I've heard about this 1967 Pulitzer Prize winning novel for many years.  There was a lot of hype about it, how the author committed suicide at age 31 and how his mother then shopped the book around to publishers until it finally got into print.  I was never interested though because I heard it was a comedy and comedies are just not my style.  But recently a friend who knows I read a lot insisted I read this.  "Why not", I thought, "this is a classic".The story is about a brilliant misfit - overweight, sloppy and more than a little bit crazy.  He lives at home with his mother, cannot hold a job and composes long-winded letters and essays in his squalid room.  It's set in the city of New Orleans where he tries his hand at a few different jobs such as working in the office of a pants manufacturer and, latter, selling hot dogs from a wagon.  He and all the other characters are caricatures rather than real people I could relate too.  And they all seemed absurd and grotesque.I found the book tedious and somewhat sad and, even though I occasionally chuckled to myself a bit, I found it plodding and rather boring.  Actually, I had to force myself to finish it.  I just can't understand why it was such a roaring success.  Well, tastes do vary.  And so even though I can appreciate the bright tortured soul of the author, I absolutely cannot recommend it at all.
This book has very useful information but its overall style is so flippant that it undermines its usefulness.  Having been the victim of a character with personality disorders - I am of the view that it should never be joked about. That serves to undermine the very serious nature of personality disorders and their effects on others.  It is very difficult for the lay-person to really know what is going on with these characters and the effects of their actions wreak havoc in the lives of normal people and are potentially life-threatening.  I don't recommend this book - I think it only serves to make healthy people make room to accept personality disordered people.
I just finished reading this book and, while I can't agree with either reviewer so far, I wonder what Steven Williams (I think that was his name) has against the book/authors or anybody else associated with it.  It truly is not helpful to continue to post the same review again and again.  Once would have been enough.  We get your drift, already: you didn't like the book.  I didn't either particularly.  I found it to be fragmented and, actually, kind of silly.  I think these two guys sat down one day and said to each other, "Hey, if Dan Brown can do it, so can we."  Well, guess what:  you didn't.  Whatever you do, guys, don't give up your day jobs. There's got to be an easier way for you to get rich.
Not interesting at all, I got 1/2 way through, and threw it out.Boring, silly semi-tech stuff...Did he really write this? Nothing like his other books.
AHH, the Baudelaires are threatened to be killed by Count Olaf again! This has been the same plot for all nine books and it is SO BORING! For every book, Lemony Snicket has given readers the same problem: Klaus, Violet and Sunny are running away from their enemy and getting themselves in preposterous situations that would not really happen in every day life. This is because there is a little thing now I like to call "child abuse laws" and nobody could pull anything like Count Olaf and his troup. The situation is so bleak it is not even believable for a novel. It is like he is just pumping out novel after novel of the Series of Unfortunate Events just to make money and make people afraid of other evil people.YAWN...
Maybe it's me, but this book dragged on and on.  I liked the beginning,but by the middle it became too repetitive for me.  Who saw who in Dublin, who said what to who, who wore what.  Like a movie that is too long, I think 100 pages could have been eliminated.  How many times do we really have to hear about Angela's arthritic mother, or mrs. O'Brien looking tired?  The limitations of Irish life in a small village in the 50's is very well done, as are the  influences of Catholicism.
I have read some very fine fiction on marriages falling apart, written so that you can identify with the players and feel as though you know them.  This is not one of those books.Evvie and Ben are a couple who started out on the same page.  However, Ben has turned the page, while Evvie wants to stay in the same world that they knew when they were young.A marriage falling apart is a horrible thing.  And people never know what they will do until they're in that situation.  However, Evvie's actions in this book only made her look less like a person you would want to know.  I could not offer any empathy to her character.And her husband was just as bad.  I couldn't relate to him at all either.I can't say that I would pick up anything by this author again, based on this book alone.
I really like shrimp. Scratch that. No, I love shrimp. Boiled shrimp. Fried shrimp. Shrimp slathered with Sriracha and barbecued on skewers. Shrimp Scampi. Shrimp in lobster sauce. Shrimp cocktail.Yeah, I'm starting to sound a little like Forrest Gump's friend Bubba from the movie, but the point is that I went into Jack Rudloe's book SHRIMP: THE ENDLESS QUEST FOR PINK GOLD thinking "how could I NOT like it?"Since I'm at this point, the 38th reviewer of the book, there are plenty of descriptions of the book's content out there, so I'm not going to bore you by sharing details that others have already stated over and over, but what I'll say is this: The story would have made a terrific feature-length article in DISCOVER magazine.Personally, the subject matter wasn't enough to hold my attention for the full 272 pages. There are page-turners where you keep reading because you are drinking in and savoring every last word. And then there are page turners where you're reading just hoping for it to be over.But as I appear to be in the minority with regard to my opinion of this book, I'll concede that perhaps it's just me.  :)- Jonathan Sabin
This book was not written for a general audience. If you aren't extremely well schooled in economics you are apt to find it impenetrable. And if you manage a bit of comprehension (which I believe I managed) you are apt to doubt the author's thesis (which I do).If Paul Krugman's analysis of our economic situation makes sense to you (as it does me) then this will not. The author believes that Keynesian theory has failed us and that there is no way forward via government borrowing and spending. He may be right. I may be crazy. (The preceding a pop song reference, ca. 1980).I think he's wrong.
Diabetes Mellitus is increasing in frequency and some of the increase may be due to confusion produced by laboratories.  Last week my wife came home somewhat distressed because she was told that her blood sugar was high.  It was 101. If you are a physician, have you tried to explain the difference between glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus to patients with sugars between 100 and 120? If so, then you have observed that puzzled look as their eyes glaze over. There are many tens of millions of adults in the United States who fall into this category. Neither they nor the practitioners of diabetic care have been well-served by the article on Diabetes Mellitus in this textbook which has been authored by Dr. Alvin C Powers of Vanderbilt. The lesser trained PA's and RNP's who are gradually taking over the primary care of this nation often do not understand the difference.  We have been brought to this point of confusion for millions of normal people by the decisions of the distinguished Diabetes committees who determine such things.Michael E Murray MD, FACP
I read the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons in two days.I've been reading the Rule of Four for a week now, and it is so boring that I don't think I'll be able to finish it.  Who will review this book so highly?  What a waste of my money.
I first read this book at least twenty years ago and am STILL waiting for what I am desiring to materialize. The problem with this book is that it gives you hope that it will become real but it doesn't (or the likelihood is very very slim). You follow the following six definite practical steps...except one of them collapses (or doesn't deliver)1. Fix in your mind the exact of amount of money you desire (check)2. Determine exactly what you intend to give for this money (check)3. Establish a definite date as to when you intend to possess this money (check)4. Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire (collapse) and put it into action (again collapse)5. Write out a clear and concise statement of the money you intend to acquire and other things that repeat one through four (kind of check except number four)6. Read your written statement aloud twice dailyThe definite plan is supposed to come to come to you by believing that it will, etc. You need to repeat all these things daily, work on it and it will come true!!! Maybe. If it has for you please call me anytime day or night.Napoleon interviews extremely successful people. Of course it came true for them. Could it have not come true and they were as rich as they are? I doubt it.
This book is populated by characters I'd never want to meet. As far as giving the reader a look into the bond market of the 1980's, and a rudimentary understanding of what an investment bank does, it's good enough.My intention in reading this book was to understand something about how bonds work. I discovered why buying distressed debt (at the time) delivered value; and how government guarantees created a windfall for speculators. I could have found this out elsewhere. But I didn't know the questions I wanted answers to.I read this book as it was recommended to me. In fact this is the wrong book for me, because in general I am looking to understand (and be able to articulate) events and culpability for the banking crisis of 2008, but this is useful background into a subject I previously knew very little about. Nevertheless, the book is an easy weekend read. Yes, it is repetitious, and could have been half the length.For me, I want to like a narrator, and in this book I found his immaturity and lack of self-awareness grated on me. If I were a young fellow I might have felt differently.
I bought this book hoping I could teach my 9-month old daughter how to fall asleep on her own without crying.  The ideas and advice in this book all sound good on paper, but when I actually tried to implement them into our nightly routine, I ended up more frustrated than ever before!  It says you have to be patient, but I honestly think it would take forever for my baby to learn how to sleep this way!  I've since purchased a different book, The Sleepeasy Solution, and I got a full night's sleep in 3 days!  It's a less gentle, but more effective approach.  My baby still cries (for less than 2 minutes) every night, but then sleeps 11 hours straight without waking up.  I would say that the 2 minutes of crying is WELL WORTH IT if it means a better nights sleep for both me and the baby.  She wakes up HAPPY every day and I no longer feel bad about letting her cry for a bit.
The book is always better than the movie -- well, except for twice.  And this is one of the few times where the movie was better.On the positive side, the book was an enjoyable read and the characters had depth.  But ...*** spoiler alert ***Don't keep reading if you hate spoilers.First, I love stories about time travel, but I hate it when the make logical fallacies.  The entire book is predicated on (1) we aren't really doing time travel (that's impossible), we're shifting to a parallel universe that is still in the past relative to our own time-line, (2) important clues left by members of the party in the past guide our heroes as to what steps to take.Wait a minute, I thought it wasn't *our* world but a parallel one.  Anything done in the parallel past should not have any impact on our timeline.  It took Crichton 150 pages to explain how pseudo-time-travel works and he botches the main plot devices?  Arrggh.The movie on the other hand simply said "worm hole" and left it to the viewer's imagination.  No logical fallacy, no botching main plot devices.
I read this book while taking a bachelor level course in computer science.  I am not many many years beyond that degree and thought it would be nice to reflect on it as a working professional.I now understand the math much better, and I can now somewhat read through this book... However, when I recall my days as a student, this book simply did not serve well as a text book (nor does it serve as recreational reading).The author obviously knows his set theory and discrete mathematics... The writing is just so poor and hard to read that it makes the book relatively worthless.Good books take a (potentially) complicated subject and make it easy to understand.  The subject may look complicated, but it really isn't that hard to grasp once you develop a general understanding of it.  If it isn't explained well, then the subject matter seems to be written in a different language.  That is what happens with this book.Explanations are often given a line or two before the author continues to build upon the material.  Similarly to a calculus course, the information you just learned will be used in a more advanced manner, increasing in complexity as you move forward.  That is what happens here.  The problem is that the few sentences aren't always enough to "get" or understand the material.  If you don't quite grasp what is happening, then you immeidately become lost as the author moves on.The examples aren't always that helpful, and the information is just presented in a non reader-friendly fashion that it is exceptionally easy to get lost and lose your way...The book has the potential to be very good... but it would probably take 600 pages of writing instead of 300.  If the author spent more time "hammering" in the facts of the topic, it would be way more effective as a learning tool..
I had wanted to read this book when it was announced the movie was coming out. I love to read the book before I watch the movie, and now I am dying to know how they made the movie from such a scattered book.There are a few strange things about this book. Don't continue reading if you don't want to know what happens in the book...- This is supposed to be a love story and I just find it strange that 6 year old Clare ends up in love with Henry over the years because they are married in the future. It almost seems as though she has no choice. For me it was also odd when he comes on her 18th birthday and he is already in his 40's and makes love to her. Kinda creepy.- There is also mention of Henry coming to himself at 15 and figures "why not" and has sex with himself. Was that really necessary?- Continuing on the amount of sex in this book... I also found it extremely odd that Clare would have sex with a past Henry while the present Henry is still in bed with her. While I realize it is technically the same person, it is a very strange concept to grasp.- And despite the "love" between Henry and Clare, Clare finds it ok to have sex with her best friends' husband. Where is the love and devotion there?This book is filled with many interesting things, but the love story is weak. There are chapters that are fillers that have nothing to do with the story. There are lots of directions on how to get around Chicago and lots of characters that are not well defined, just "in the story".I found Henry and Clare to be shallow at times. And the concept of their daughter also have the time travel gene was interesting, but yet we don't find out what ever happens to her.I will watch the movie out of shear curiosity as to how they could have made this any good.
This book is indeed chock-a-bloc with mysteries. such as:Why did it need two people, and allegedly a vast support team, to plot and write what is, at heart, nothing more than a student love story with a lot of pseudo-intellectual mumbo-jumbo thrown in to make a 'fat' book?How on earth did the authors manage to make writing the book last a whole six years?Why, after taking all that time and trouble, did they make the final punch-line so obvious?And most of all. why on earth did they bother to write the book at all, other than - possibly - to cash in on the success of books like "The Da Vinci Code"?Although the writing style is fairly competent, the main features of a good novel - plotting, characterisation, etc. - are very much novice standard.  In fact there is, quite frankly, absolutely nothing to justify spinning out this slender storyline to just over 500 pages, most of which is actually a rather mundane blow-by-blow account of being an undergraduate student at Princeton, plus the on/off love affair between the narrator and a first year student.There is, to be sure, a sort of backstory that intrudes into the present day, but the protagonists are, like everyone else in the book, so 2 dimensional that it is hard to give a tuppenny damn about what happens to any of them - even when the killer is finally unmasked and meets a dramatic end.  Considering that one character in the backstory is the narrator's own father that's quite an achievement.The book that supposedly provides the cental mystery, and the driving force behind the whole story - the "Hypnerotomachia Poliphili" - is severely underused, IMO, and simply gives the authors a chance to parade some obscure knowledge about Renaissance Florence, whenever there is a lull in the love story.  Here, too, it is impossible to understand the "Hypnerotomachia"'s supposed ability to cause an all-consuming obsession in those who read it.My one and only thought, as I read the last line of "The Rule of Four", was "Why didn't someone warn me what a waste of time it was?" (I only looked at the UK reviews, my mistake!)  So here's the warning for you that I never had.
The Terrible PoohI disagreed with every moral and idea in this unrealistic and quite frankly awful book. The Tao of Pooh and the ideals of Taoism display unethical morals for the 21st century. The entire book revolves around the notion of the &#8220;uncarved block,&#8221; which means to live life in a simplistic manner.  Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit, and Owl all live according to the &#8220;uncarved block&#8221; and live a pretty uneventful life. The principles, which they follow, are to live a simple life and try not to interfere with the &#8220;natural course&#8221; of life. I believe there is no set fate and that our everyday decisions impact our future.My reasoning for why Taoism is unethical for modern life is summed up in this quote; &#8220;A way of life that keeps saying around the next corner, above the next step, works against the natural order of things and makes it so difficult to be happy and good&#8221; (Hoff 99). Modern life is full of surprises, twists, and turns. If one does not anticipate difficulties that are &#8220;above the next step&#8221; or &#8220;around the next corner,&#8221; then one will ultimately be caught off guard with life&#8217;s problems. There is no possible way to live according to Taoism, unless one is isolated from society. This way of life would have better suited people of ancient times, where life was much simpler. The fact that technology brings us as humans closer together than ever before, allows there to be many more unpredictable events.
Timeline held my interest all the way through but toward the end it became very predictable.  The concept of time travel calls for suspension of reality, granted, but the plot devices used to get the characters where they were needed were a bit too contrived.  I think Crighton's writing style, like a lot of modern novelists, is cinematic, as if he's thinking screenplay all the way.  The content is shallow enough to skim through in one day, if you have the time to waste.  It's mildly entertaining but, after completing it, you might feel as though you could have invested your reading time in something more challenging, or more entertaining.
Another literary darling falls off my radar screen. I am always looking for good authors and good writing, but this novel plodded along at its own slooowwwww pace, a sure cure for insomnia, but hardly entertaining and downright maddening at times.  It takes until page 150 to get to the climax scene where Briony mistakes a display of passion for rape. By then I had ceased caring about the characters, if I ever had - spoiled rich Brits on their country estate waiting for something to happen.  I was not overly wowed by the writing style either along the way by this suppossedly superior author.  Blah, blah blah and on and on he driveled.  Alas, I am putting it down for good this time.  Time to take it back to the half price bookstore and salvage at least something.
But then who am I to disagree with a success story?  While I agree with the philosophy of Win-Win, one must, in my opinion, bear in mind that the sociopaths of the world never work toward Win-Win, preferring instead to only assure their own win, not those of the people they do business with.
I am a prude and wear this title proudly.  The blatant disrespect shown in this book for a loving, highly personal act was horrible and unnecessary.  I quit reading after 2/3 of the book. I couldn't take writing about: teaching a small boy how to urinate properly just to have an excuse to comment on sex, the sadist sex scene, the domestic violence, and having sex 2 feet from a small sleeping child who isn't even yours with the excuse he'll learn the right way if he wakes up.  The latter is perverted and is pedophilic.  Even one of the characters described their behavior as rutting pigs.I was extremely disappointed because the plot was great but overshadowed by perversion.  When did romance stop being about love and only about sex?
The message of this book is contained on the bookmark.  It is amazing that drivel like this gets published and makes its author rich and famous.  Now he has a new book out called The Present (as in No time like the.....) Buy The Power of Now.  Buy chocolate.  Buy real cheese.  Don't buy this sorry excuse for a book.
&quot;Bob Cousy wasn't that good a player.&quot;--Lenny Wilkens to a reporter in Savannah, Georgia in 1995 during the Atlanta Hawks preseason training camp.I couldn't resist browsing through Elliot Kalb's WHO'S BETTER, WHO'S BEST AT BASKETBALL when I saw it a local bookstore.He's thought about something I saw immediately, too, that the so-called official NBA 50 GREATEST PLAYERS list done in the late 1990s is badly flawed.  And so Kalb gets together with a bunch of broadcasters, writers, current and former players and makes sure the reader knows all about his knowledge of basketball statistics, and then makes a strong case for something I've been saying for the past 10 years, that SHAQUILLE O'NEAL IS THE GREATEST PLAYER OF ALL TIME!!!  Kalb also corrects something that made the official TOP 50 list ridiculous, he includes Dennis Rodman as THE BEST DEFENSIVE FORWARD OF ALL TIME!!!  But in between he makes a number of weak arguments, like naming Wilt Chamberlain as the 2nd best player ever, and better than Kareem because he scored 50 points in a game more often, which is easily countered by the fact that Wilt played most of his career against 6'9 and shorter centers, while Kareem played against nearly every great player who ever played, except Bill Russell, who had enough sense to get out just before Kareem arrived!  Other questionable rankings include the placement of Larry Bird over Magic Johnson:Magic won more championships, sorry, Elliot, and even Larry Legend himself will tell you that CHAMPIONSHIPS meant more to him than statistics!Another flawed choice is including Bob Cousy, who could only dribble with one hand which wouldn't even get him in NBA games today, and leaving out Lenny Wilkens--a lefthander who nobody could stop!--and who once told me, &quot;Bob Cousy wasn't that good a player.&quot;Also, aside from the placement of Shaq at #1, and the inclusion of Rodman, Kalb's list simply juggles the order of the official list, and the same oldtimers like George Mikan, Dave Cowens, and Dolph Schayes are still there, and none of these guys could even start today, and I consider myself THE ULTIMATE DAVE COWENS FAN!!!  (But he just wouldn't be tall enough to play center in today's NBA!)But I must salute Elliot Kalb for doing two things:one, he had the intellectual guts to go against popular thinking and name Shaquille #1--and Shaq has both the statistics and the championships to prove it!--and two, he included Dennis Rodman--with great rebounding statistics and 5 NBA championships!!!--who was only left off of the official list because he isn't cleancut enough, which was a disgrace!But I just can't see how NBA TOP 50 guys like George Mikan, Bob Cousy, and Dave Cowens could start in today's NBA, let alone be some of the 50 GREATEST PLAYERS OF ALL TIME.Kalb calls himself Mr. Stats, but the problem with his statistics is that the players since the 1970s are MORE ATHLETIC than the players of the 1960s and earlier, that, period, with only about 2 or 3 exceptions like Chamberlain, Russell, and the Big O.  And I'm not even sure that Rick Barry could start in today's league, because even he once said in a SLAM! interview that he wished he'd had hands like Dr. J's, and I don't see how he could have guarded himMR. STATS NEEDS TO SPEND LESS TIME LOOKING AT BASKETBALL STATISTICS, AND MORE TIME LOOKING AT PLAYERS to MAKE A BETTER TOP 50 PLAYERS LIST!!!  AND MOST OF THEM BETTER HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DRIBBLE AND DUNK!!!
First of all, I can't rate this item because I haven't read it yet.  My rating for this item is based on the price offered.  I don't know if any of the rest of you have taken note of the wireless money racket that is prevalent for many books available.  It pays to check the paperback price before you download Kindle books. Why it would cost nearly twice as much to kindle this book is beyond me considering that 1) there's no cost of paper, binding, etc  2) no cost of shipping.I wonder if anyone else but me ever notices this and thinks it's ridiculous.  It's not just this book either.  I have discovered much better pricing on paper back books versus kindle books for many of the books I have been interested in.  These wireless books are not all they are cracked up to be based on cost effectiveness alone.  I got a Kindle for many reasons 1) Better for the planet 2) less space of physical storage needed 3) compact and carries many books 4) easy to get and start reading right away; and I thought mistakenly that the books would be 5) Less expensive (a big haha on this last point)I don't often get books from libraries because usually they don't have what I need and when there are 8 other people reading the same book as you are, chances are the library doesn't have that many copies.  Book club.  Sadly, I usually end up buying the paperback copy.  Even with shipping it's less if you have Amazon Prime and buy stuff from them quite frequently.  I am sure that the book is great, but I will need to wait to read this because I will need to purchase by either going to Barnes or waiting for it to show up on my doorstep because I refuse to spend the Kindle price, when paperback is so much less expensive.These companies-Barnes and Amazon, really need to fix this problem.  No wireless book should ever cost more than a paperback book.  It just doesn't make sense.
This is one of those books that so many people seem to love, a book that is supposedly head and shoulders above its competition.  And that may indeed be true, because the competition for this book is really crappy romance novels.  Really, take any trite romance novel, throw in some very forced time travel, add a dash of research to give it a veneer of historical verisimilitude, and you've written a Diana Gabaldon book.  When I realized that I was waiting for it to start wrapping up because I wasn't sure how much more I could take, only to discover that I was not yet halfway through the book (I was reading it on a digital reader), I just had to put it down.  Maybe it got better in the second half, or maybe it had a great ending that somehow redeemed the first half, but BROTHER, was that a slog! One of the most overrated books I've ever (halfway) read.
There must have been console applications in the early versions of Visual Studio 1010, but there aren't any now. And I could not figure out a way of working around this.There is no DVD either.It did a poor job of explaining how VS coordinates everything else ASP.NET - a very complex framework.
V.S. Naipaul won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2001. He is of Indian (as in East India) extraction. His ancestors left the Gangetic plain over a hundred and thirty years ago. They were part of another diaspora who settled, and very much helped run, Britain's vast empire. He was born and raised in Trinidad, and educated at Oxford. He has been a prolific writer, with more than 30 books to his credit, fairly evenly divided, between fiction and non-fiction. I've read several of his works, and have particularly admired the novelA House for Mr. Biswas. His brother, Shiva, also wrote extensively, and I felt that he was the keener and more empathetic observer, particularly of regions of the world once called "Third World." Regrettably, Shiva died far too young, in 1985. Perhaps if he had lived longer, he would have been the one who won the Nobel. V.S. has had his critics, notably Edward Said, but certainly others, who feel that he adapted far too well to the colonial attitudes of the country whose citizenship he would take. Since it was politically "incorrect" for white men to express those attitudes in the post-colonial era, there have been some pithy formulations that capture V.S.' role as a mouthpiece for these attitudes, and they would not make it past the censor of the reviews, and would be politically incorrect themselves.One does not have to go beyond page one of the foreword for an example of the attitude: "Arabia, lucky again, has spread beyond its deserts." Economic and social advancement is solely a product of "luck"?  Any hard work involved? Or skillful political decisions taken? Or all the other factors that result in a more successful outcome than that dictated by pure "luck"? Naipaul's first visit to India occurred in 1962. This book is based on his visit in 1976, during "the Emergency" rule of Indira Gandhi, admittedly not an ideal time. Still, the overall feel of the book is that Naipaul went to India in search of the anecdotes to confirm his pre-existing opinions. Find the negative, and expound. Furthermore, during his brief visit he believes he can: "An inquiry about India- even an inquiry about the Emergency- has quickly to go beyond the political. It has to be an inquiry about Indian attitudes..." Yes, the common attitudes of some billion people!Naipaul is particularly critical of Mahatma Gandhi, and yes, admittedly he was more than a bit "quirky" if you've read his autobiography,Gandhi An Autobiography:  The Story of My Experiments With Truth. Naipaul refers to "India's intellectual second-rateness" (p 109). He continues to propound that viewpoint throughout the book: "To survive in subjection, they have preserved their sanctuary of the instinctive, uncreative life, converting that into a religious ideal; at a more worldly level, they have depended on others for the ideas and institutions that make a country work" (p. 144). His last chapter is entitled "Renaissance or Continuity"? and there is little doubt which side he foresees: "The stability of Gandhian India was an illusion; and India will not be stable again for a long time...These are only aspects of the larger crisis, which is that of a decaying civilization, where the only hope lies in further swift decay." (!)  (Explanation point added!)I've read his critical book on IslamAmong the Believers: An Islamic Journeyalmost three decades ago, and will soon give it a much more critical re-read. As for India, fortunately it has proven stable, resilient, and capable of evolving its own solutions and has become an ascendant global power in the 21st century. For a much better portrait of the country, I'd recommend the recently publishedIn Spite of the Gods: The Rise of Modern Indiaby Edward Luce, and for a much better, more empathetic book on India, set in the same period that Naipaul writes, I'd recommend Ved Mehta'sPortrait of IndiaAs for Naipaul's dyspeptic view, I'd only give it 2-stars.
"Open House" is the second novel I have read of Elizabeth Berg's.  I read her first book, Durable Goods, which I liked so much  better than this one.The writing was very well done, but the character of Sam was very annoying and acted rather immaturely.  I don't identify with her and didn't sympathize with her much at all.Her husband has left her.  Her preteen son is distant, and grows even more so.Sam takes in boarders so she can keep her house.  She's meeting new people and trying to get in touch with Martha Stewart.  One new friend, King - the best character in the whole story - helps open her eyes and heart to more after a heart wrenching marriage ending.Open House is a novel about divorce and how one woman's life changes after.  The character of sam seemed so innane at times I wanted to stop reading, but Berg's writing kept me hooked.  She is very talented.
I always look forward to Barbara Delinsky's books, have always enjoyed them.  But Suddenly just didn't make it for me....it was drawn out, at times it rambled without connection....frankly, it was pretty boring.  Which was a big surprise for me - she usually writes wonderful books, full of interesting characters and thought provoking plots....this just wasn't one of them.  I'll still continue to buy her books!
I believe the reason the tone of this book is so flat is that Karr is much more interested in remembering her childhood the way she needs to remember it, rather than the way it really happened.  Anyway, it rings false for me.  Virtually none of the brightness and magic that shines so sweetly in childhood is present here.The great appeal of this book is, as I'm sure many have noted before me, schadenfreude, i.e., enjoyment obtained from the troubles of others.  The appeal is further compounded by the novelty of the contrast between the book's dreariness and all the sugar coated pap everyone gets fed to them by Hollywood and TV.  But that's just my guess.  And although I enjoy a good pratfall as much as the next guy, I'm not ghoulish enough to enjoy wading through 300 pages of it.  As for TV and Hollywood, people would find more nourishment for their souls all around them if they would just turn their backs on the entertainment industry.  Thanks for listening.
Yes, this book is well written (at least up until page 115, when I was so put off that I stopped reading it). And, yes, unfortunately there are psychos like Paris Trout in our world. And, yes, as some of the reviews demonstrate, there are people who will actually find this book entertaining. But, unless you enjoy getting to know a psycho up close and personal, I would stay away from this book. My one-star rating may not be fair but it is honest and if it keeps one person from getting slimed by this book, well, I'll be happy.
So glad to see I'm not the only person who hates this book.Not much more can be said about this terrible book then what my other fellow 1 star reviewers have said. it's all true and I agree with them all. I got this as a library book because of my book club. So dissapointed! Glad I did not pay for this piece of junk!This book is NOT FUNNY.Hate Hate Hate Ignatius! Such a loser! I got a headache halfway through chapter 2.I tried and tried to keep reading out of repect for the Pulitzer Prize rating(and my sister who picked this book). Hoping beyond hope that the books characters would redeem themselves. Never happened.I personally like to read books that are interesting. I cannot stay interested in a book where I absolutely cannot stand the main character. It's like Catcher in the Rye all over again. Ick!
These Practice tests are way too easy compared to the collegeboard's ones. One should use only use bluebook practice tests
I enjoyed the beginning of this book, but after a while it just drags.  Could have been a nice story in the New Yorker, but as a book it just doesn't cut it.  Forced my way to the end.Summary:  Couple of guys want to get to this obscure place cause they like the name.  Jump through lots of hoops trying to get permission.  One of them dies.  Permission comes.  That's all folks.
It's amazing how many self-help books there are in the West when the East has figured it out millennium ago. The problem with the West is they insist on reinventing the wheel. The West cannot admit that the East has already created it and perfected it. Westerners stubbornly have to do it themselves instead of merely picking up a book and seeing that the East has already "been there done that".Buddhism, Taoism, and other Eastern philosophies and psychologies, have already figured it out fully. Let's say it took them a 24 hour day to do develop it fully. Where the West is at in all the self-help and psychology they have developed is the first second of that 24 hour day. If the West insists on reinventing in and "doing it themselves", it will be centuries and more before they come close to what the East has developed many centuries ago.My advice? Forget new age psychologies which are mere infants next to the mature Eastern ways. Pick up a book on Buddhism, for instance.Another reason Westerners don't want to do it the "Eastern" way, besides arrogance and stubbornness, is they want it to be easy, like taking a pill. The Eastern philosophies of happiness take work, but they are fully developed rather than in mere infancy.
Usually John Grisham's books are a pageturner. Unfourtantly, The Last Juror is not one of those. I'm not even sure what the title is refering to. The first half of the book starts out strong but the 2nd and 3rd parts are weak. Parts of the book talks about Danny Padgitt but once the trial ends, it seems like Grisham is just filling paper to get a full length novel. There are even parts of the book where it's just gibberish. In fact, some things don't belong here.Last time Grisham visited Ford County was in the book A Time to Kill and that was 10 times better then The Last Juror as it had was filled with suspense and mystery but in The Last Juror, there's none of that.  I like Grisham's past books but this one falls flat throughout.
Nothing too amazing here.  Keep it simple and avoid technical jargon.  Use 3 points.  Don't bullet point a bunch of facts.  Use images on the screen.  Use verbal images too.  Be real.  Make opportunities out of mistakes.  That's really about it.
There is more glitz and less substance in this text than others.The "clicker" program is supposed to cost students $10 for their own clicker, but the clickers actually cost $65-80 retail, and have a limited range--they are useless in a large auditorium(even when the publisher's rep was showing me, beyond the 10th row the clicker signals were not picked up by the computer console.)There is little background provided to put the terms in context.  If you want students to memorize, that is fine.  However, if you want students to understand the terms, there needs to be clear anatomical and physiological material so they see the importance of the terms.I prefer the "word building" approach.  This text did not offer a solid background of the structure of words--prefixes, root words, and suffixes.  No separate chapters to provide a foundation for the rest of the coursework.The fonts used and the shiny paper make the actual text difficult to read for very long.While another reviewer cites games on a cd, the cd in the student and teacher's editions I received had crossword puzzles, Hangman, and lots of text.  Fill in the blank, answer test questions.  When compared with Chabner's Language of Medicine, which has lower technology video games on the cd, and animations of physiological processes, the cd for Turley pales.I inherited this text when another instructor became ill early in the semester and was unable to return to class.  The other instructor had already printed out enough tests for the whole semester from Turley's test bank, which had numerous errors in the key(which the reader I also inherited did not like)It was a good day when I put this book outside my office with a "free" sign on it.
I sent the kindle version back. This omnibus edition in paper has 3 full length books & some short stories. Something Fresh & Summer Lightening came thru fine but the kindle version is missing Heavy Weather. I hope to repurchase later when the full version becomes available.
I have read many of Jodi Picoult's books, and in the past she has been one of my favorite authors. However, this book though an interesting story, had so many errors it was distracting to read. I was curious if this was just a problem with the Kindle addition, or the paperback also. It seemed crazy that Penguin would distribute a book with so many errors in grammar, and punctuation.There were words left out, words doubled,and misspelled. Sorry, Ms. Picoult, but I'll be a little more cautious when I look at your next one.
This book had a profound influence on me when I read it.  The same can be said for the organization I worked for at the time and organizations all over the US.  We all started working on building the highly specific software development processes that would turn our companies into the super efficient software factories Ed described.  IT WAS A HUGE WASTE OF TIME!  Out of these experiences, the agile software development methodology was born. It turns out that "American Cowboy Programmer" can compete with anyone in the world when allowed to write software that meets the customer's needs. The primary lesson learned, a working software solution if far more valuable than 10,000 pages of documentation describing the solution.
'Teach us to be still' Wow I thought, this would be a great book about one man's journey to wellness by finding out how to sit still and go within.While Tim writes with great honesty about his personnel journey to wellness. I found this book to be a tedious read.  In all of the book there was very little written about 'Teach us to be still' Tim seems to go off kayaking alot.I was intrigued with the title but soooo disappointed with the content.
I totally agree with nelson's review of this book.  I didn't like the narrator, didn't care what happened and found all the characters to be boring.  I can't recommend a book where I feel nothing -- neither love nor hatred -- toward the characters.
I can only really address my complaints about this book concerning a very small part of this monstrosity.  At some point in reviewing books you have to decide why you&#8217;re spending time critiquing books that pretend to be serious works in religion but that, in fact, aren&#8217;t.  I&#8217;ve honestly spent much too time thinking about this book knowing all along that it doesn&#8217;t deserve my time, nor anyone elses (at least in terms of their discussions about Judaism/Christianity).There&#8217;s something you should do if you decide to read this book.  Decide to write in the book the letter &#8216;S&#8217; with a circle around it at all points of their argumentation.  'S' implies speculation.  They actually have a way to show you when they&#8217;re speculating.  They always ask a question of which the format resembles something like, &#8220;Could this have been x?&#8221; or &#8220;Can y have led to z?&#8221; or &#8220;Is it possible that a knew about b or c and that c led to d & e?&#8221;  At those spots of questioning and other speculative assertions, mark your book with the letter &#8220;S.&#8221;  After you&#8217;re done reading, go back through the book and just look at the absolute myriad of S&#8217;s you will find.  These speculations function as hinges to move the authors on to their next point of their argument.  In many cases these speculative hinges aren&#8217;t just small issues here or there, they&#8217;re often big links in the chain of their arguments (Cf. LVX rosy-cross&#8217;s review of The Hiram Key for how this speculative logic is hinged together.  This review hit the nail on the head with this point).The basic theme of the book is that the authors teamed up to research the origins and meanings of some Masonic rituals.  They believe, essentially, that these rituals preserve the most ancient oral traditions of the western world (1).  Much of the book is set to link these oral tradition narratives through centuries and through people group to people group.  They think there is some ancient scientific knowledge to be gained by learning these traditions (7).  It is their belief that the degrees of masonry are telling the stories through the sequence of Masonic degrees (23).  They came to interpret the lore of masonry as astronomical (24).  The authors assert that the stories told in these Masonic rituals are also key to ancient near eastern (et. al) structures, particularly the Temple of Solomon and pre-dating Phoenician structures.The &#8216;historical&#8217; story starts with what the authors term the &#8220;Grooved Ware People&#8221; (GWP), who they believe arrived on the island of Britain perhaps in the 5th century BC.  They are known by their &#8216;megalithic&#8217; structures and the symbols they etch in some of these structures.  Basically the authors debate some archaeological evidence and come to conclude that the GWP were a group of people with a priestly caste that were heavily involved in astronomy/astrology.  They fundamentally build on Alexander Thom&#8217;s idea of the &#8220;Megalithic Yard, which is a unit of measurement of which there is some debate about its origin.  The authors say it is highly mathematical and precise, and thus since it is found all over parts of Europe/ANE, this must mean these people have been to these places and established their religion/&#8217;archaeoastronomy&#8217; in these places.  They note other apparent mathematical similarities between GWP and other cultures such as Egypt.How this connects with Judaism is that they believe the book of Enoch refers to Enoch actually traveling to the GWP in Britain and learning their archaeoastronomical techniques and beliefs.  Why they believe the Book of Enoch is in any way historical is never explained, nor is it explained why the particular piece in the book is taken at face value and historical (well, obviously because it would prove their bigger thesis).  The place where Enoch apparently travels (Newgrange) is involved in Venus worship.  So, Enoch goes back to Jerusalem, established some type of temple dedicated to Venus/Sun worship, Solomon and the diggers of the temple discover it, and now we&#8217;re back to this religious link of the GWP all throughout the ANE.  Oh, but these aren&#8217;t actually historical stories.  They&#8217;re just legends.  What parts are legends and what parts are true and how you do you determine which is which?  Well, that&#8217;s easy.  Just beg the question.  Go ahead and have your conclusion out, ready to use at any moment&#8217;s notice, because each piece of evidence will always need an interpretation!  And isn&#8217;t it always smart to interpret your evidence in light of your conclusion?They then begin to associate sexual orgies/traditions with the idea of death/resurrection and the Venus Cycle.  Seeing similar things in other ANE cultures (ideas of king-making around sex and astronomical bodies, etc.), they come to believe that these oral traditions are being spread over the ancient western world.  They describe their conclusions regarding this:  &#8220;we could imagine a belief that when a king or other major dignitary died their remains were kept in whole, or in part, and taken into the chamber on the day before the winter solstice.  Alongside this a woman, previously inseminated at the festival held at the vernal equinox and now heavily pregnant, was also taken into the chamber with the remains of the deceased to await the coming of the light of Venus.  The ghostly light in the chamber would have been deemed to reincarnate the spirits of the dead within the birthing infant.  Minutes later the warm glow of the life-giving Sun would celebrate the resurrection of the deceased person in their new form as a child&#8221; (45-46).  The authors believe that the witnesses to this event would&#8217;ve believed that their new kings were coming back to life in these birth cycles, thus, identifying the kings/rulers with the gods.  And it is this type of belief - a reincarnation of sorts - that links these various ANE cultures with one another (Phoenician, Sumerian, Egyptian, and Jewish).  Therefore, this Venus/sun/astrology was the fundamental belief of a class of priests that existed throughout these centuries.  Their techniques, sciences, rituals, etc. were passed down through these classes and eventually became what we call Freemasonry in one form or another.  Israel is the big linchpin in the picture, and the authors believe that there at least was a secret, underground class of priests who took part in Venus/sun worship.  Eventually these early Freemasons live on, to become Knights Templars, who steal hidden Temple treasure buried in Jerusalem, head north, marry into Norse kings, intertwine their respective theologies and then build Rosslyn Chapel, where these treasures or other scrolls may be hidden.Aagin, Israel becomes the linchpin, because not only do the Phoenicians have this incredible talent in masonry and building, but they also (as successors of the GWP) have the secret astrological science of Venus/worship and king-making.  So, Solomon isn&#8217;t *really* just buying their materials and builders.  He wants in on the method of becoming a god.  Ask how Solomon would&#8217;ve believed he can become a god, when the very Deuteronomic principles that make up his monotheism decry such a silly notion, and the authors just simply ask the question of whether this type of adherence to a strict monotheism is just mere postrationalisation.  Is there any evidence for that?  None whatsoever - absolutely none, but soon this speculation becomes an argument accepted as fact (cf. 99).  Eventually we are led to Jesus (of course) who also serves as an important linchpin for Masonic secrets.One other thing:  The last part of the book consists of what the authors call &#8220;The Masonic Testament.&#8221;  The MT is a made-up document by the authors, compiled of Masonic material on how their material spread throughout history (or what some individual masons have believed).  This book is treated as a historical document by these authors and yet there is no actual evidence for any of the things that occur in the MT (other than some similarities with biblical accounts, which the authors actually decry as fictitious!).  More on this in a second.First, what are some of the good things about the book?  Very little, unfortunately.  It is a good introduction to some of the facts about Masonic history (as far as I know).  And the story is somewhat entertaining and you kind of root for it to be true in the way that you root for a massive underdog who you know is going to lose.  The picture they paint of secret knowledge and cults, existing underground throughout history is kind of cool to wonder about, basically.  And I have no doubt that ancient rituals could exist for thousands of years, primarily orally.  Actually, I have not one iota of doubt.  Has this happened in the way the authors lay out?  Well, would I bet my money on it?  I&#8217;d probably bet against them - not my entire fortune, but probably a lot of it.As far as the history section of their book goes and European/Jewish families/Rosslyn Chapel/Knights Templar history I just do not have any comments on.  Other reviewers have commented (see the reviews of The Hiram Key) and it&#8217;s probably best to look there for that type of information.  What I can offer is some brief comments on the portions of the Book of Hiram that deal with the biblical material.  And I would say that if their treatment of the historical materials is equivalent to their handling of the biblical materials then this book is completely useless.Two, big, initial critiques stand out.  First, why accept Masonic documents/books as historical and not the biblical accounts?  Especially Masonic MSS *ABOUT* the biblical MSS?!  As I said, they compiled some random facts in some Masonic books into what they called the Masonic Testament.  In other words, it&#8217;s a made up book.  Then the authors cite over and over what is in the MT as somehow evidence of historical events.  Anyone see a problem there?  Yes.  A ridiculous one?  Yes.My initial, second critique concerns the choice of the biblical stories, their research and their methods of scholarship.  First, as professedly intelligent men who apparently teach college courses and have been involved in higher education, they certainly have forgotten how to cite sources.  Very few sources are cited in a very large book and what sources are cited, they&#8217;re often incomplete, lacking page numbers here and there, or lacking the year of publication or what have you (and apparently at some point geocities became a website of biblical scholarship).  Secondly, their choice of biblical commentators shows an unnecessary bias towards liberal biblical scholarship, and actually, fairly old and outdated liberal biblical scholarship.  Related to this is their citation of many biblical commentaries which show these authors dealt in no way with biblical scholarship in any meaningful fashion that is later than 1980 (yes there are some commentaries cited from after 1980, but the thrust of their arguments are from older commentaries and biblical scholars).  Just a hint - when you look at authors that keep citing biblical sources from the middle of the last century to perhaps early-mid twentieth century to even nineteenth century biblical scholars, you are seeing someone beginning with a thesis and trying to find evidence (any evidence) to corroborate it.  Rather than beginning with current biblical scholarship and research, they start backwards.  Their books should be corrected by the latest biblical scholarship, not the opposite.In fact, there&#8217;s just an odd treatment of scripture in general.  The way they deal with the historicity of the narratives or the people is confusing at best and atrocious at worst.  For instance, on the one hand, Enoch was a literal person, who went to England to learn the secrets of the GWP.  But on the other hand, &#8220;It is almost as certain that the character known as Enoch is a composite made up of distant cultural memories that belong to the groups of people who long pre-dated the emergence of the Hebrew people.  As such his life cannot be dated in an historical way . . .&#8221; (45).  And yet, if you *do* take his life as an historical account, then suddenly &#8220;it places Enoch on Earth at exactly the time that Newgrange was designed and built&#8221; (45)!  So, did someone go to Newgrange or not?  If not Enoch, then who?  Why think there is anything historical about this at all?!  Virtually every biblical narrative/historical figure is treated in this manner.Solomon&#8217;s temple is legendary, but their history in their own made up book tells us more about Solomon and the Temple, they believe.  It&#8217;s a reversal of historical sources.  Suddenly, their compiled resource is more knowledgeable about the biblical texts than is the biblical text themselves.  This odd treatment of biblical sources is seen in the plans of the Jewish Temple.  The authors note that it is Phoenicians who built the Temple of God.  Ok - fine, the Bible agrees.  But the Bible also says (1 Ch. 28:11-19) God gave the inspiration for these plans.  If the whole story is unhistorical, then there&#8217;s no reason to think that Canaanites built Solomon&#8217;s Temple (or that there was a temple).  Yet if we take the history at face value, then we know that God inspired David with the dimensions of the Temple, and thus it is irrelevant who actually built it, so long as it was to these specifications.  So, what do the authors want to do - take the story as historical or not?  They do neither/both.  It&#8217;s historical when it fits their theory and not historical when it doesn&#8217;t fit their theory. This is a running method of how the biblical texts are handled in their work.Historical figures are treated this way as well.  They treat OT figures as if they were mythical (David), citing the old archaeological argument.  Yet, We have evidence of David&#8217;s existence (Tel Dan Inscription).  They complain that the Tel Dan stela is 200 years after the event as if that is some argument that David didn&#8217;t exist.  Yet, 200 years, when looking for historical evidence, is actually not that far away.  But they miss the point - if the story of the reign of David comes *after* the exile, existing in the form of some fairy tale, then why the stela only 200 years after the reign of David, which is BEFORE the Babylonian exile?!Their treatment of Melchizedek/Abraham narrative is similar.  In fact the whole argument of the book is just flippant speculation.  They use the biblical figures throughout the book as if they&#8217;re real people.  Reading along you can at least *see* how this secret Masonic Venus worship information was passed through the biblical culture - I mean, the people involved, the historical events involved, etc.  But, the acceptance of these people as historical figures is a mistake according to the authors.  This means they actually have ZERO, actual, historical information about how this information was transmitted through Jewish culture, considering most of what we have to go on is the Jewish Bible.  Thus, the book is about 300 pages too long.  They should&#8217;ve just written, &#8220;Since these aren&#8217;t historical people, we don&#8217;t know how this stuff was actually transmitted&#8221; and closed the chapter instead of writing a few hundred pages of how this secret information passed through Jewish culture and religion *as if* they actually existed.  What&#8217;s the point in that?!  That&#8217;s not even good writing, it just wastes the reader&#8217;s time.  Why not just write, &#8220;Hey, we don&#8217;t believe these were historical figures and so we don&#8217;t know how this was transmitted.&#8221;  It baffles me.  They vacillate between the biblical narratives, offering suggestions as to how/when and by whom these rituals would&#8217;ve been passed, but at the end of the day, they don&#8217;t believe any of the narratives themselves!  So, why bother bloviating about historical possibilities when you never believed they happened in the first place?!  They speculate about Melchizedek passing on Canaanite religion/Venus worship to Abram, and then just build on this as if it&#8217;s a historical fact of how Masonic lore was transmitted, but they don&#8217;t believe it actually happened in history.  It&#8217;s one of those grab-the-upper-part-of-your-nose-with-your-thumb-and-index-finger-and-look-down-shaking-your-head type of moments.  But it gets more ridiculous, because after telling you they don&#8217;t think these were actual historical figures, they go on to say something like &#8220;If the priest-king Melchizedek of Salem is a historical figure, we can be reasonably sure that this type of annual ritual would have been conducted by him&#8230;[a Masonic ritual]&#8221; (123).  And to top this narrative off - while Abraham (who never really existed) was tithing to Melchizedek (who may have existed, but certainly never met Abraham because he didn&#8217;t exist), Melchizedek went to have sex with Abraham&#8217;s wife (who never existed; cf. 133).  Now wrap your head around that one.  And this is the method of the authors:  Introduce the narratives from the Bible that you&#8217;re drawing from, then say, &#8220;Oh, btw, these weren&#8217;t *real* people,&#8221; find some Masonic lore that is associated with these imaginary people and then say &#8220;Oh, but *IF* these were real people, they would&#8217;ve used/known about/passed on the knowledge of Venus worship.&#8221;  They blame David/Solomon for carrying on Canaanite/Venus worship traditions, and they don&#8217;t believe they were real people!  So, pray tell, who DID carry on these traditions and where is your *actual* evidence?!  They ask, &#8220;might the method of Jewish king-making that Hiram sold to Solomon be hidden in a Masonic &#8216;kenning&#8217;&#8221; (153)?  But, the people don&#8217;t exist!  So there&#8217;s no point in asking the question in the first place!  Either treat the narratives as  historical or not historical, not as either/or whenever it suits your purposes to do so.  In fact, they spend a whole chapter on speculating on what ritual and secret knowledge Solomon got from Hiram, and yet he didn&#8217;t exist.  A complete waste of my time to read a chapter about secret knowledge that a non historical figure may have gotten from a potential historical figure.Here is an incomplete list of other biblical errors made by the authors.a)  The assertion that there is a &#8216;Hiram&#8217; in 2 Ch. 2:11-14  - it is either &#8220;Huram-Abi&#8221; or &#8220;Huram,&#8221; and this is &#8220;close to the  name  Hiram Abif&#8221; as the authors say (17).  I guess close enough is all that matters.  But, again, is this an actual, historical figure or not?!  If so, why not the rest of the narrative?!  If the rest of the narrative isn&#8217;t historical, by what criteria are you selecting the historical parts vs. the unhistorical parts?b)  Their wholesale acceptance of liberal biblical scholarship - JEDP theory (45).  Much more recent scholarship is actually looking at the biblical narratives as a whole again, rather thanpiecing them apart in such a radical manner as Wellhausen did.c)  Yahweh is a storm god (80).  Patently false.d)  The light of Venus is the glory of God (85).  Again - theory reading into the biblical narratives.e)  Solomon&#8217;s Temple functions as did Newgrange.  &#8220;It allows the sun in, but actually its more important role was to admit the light of Venus&#8221; (88).  False, the glory of God was the Shekinah.  Can the authors ever explain how the light of Venus goes behind the two curtains in the temple to reach the Mercy Seat?!f)  They think a real priest line of Melchizedek existed based on Heb. 5:6 - and yet it&#8217;s not clear that he&#8217;s a historical figure.g)  The idea that Melchizedek worshiped Canaanite gods and transmitted these to Abraham, when the whole point of the passage is that they apparently worship the same God (Yahweh) - seen by the use of the name &#8220;El Elyon&#8221; and &#8220;Yahweh El Elyon&#8221; by Melchizedek and Abraham respectively.  There&#8217;s no need to speculate that some secret Masonic science was passed  between the two.h)  The idea that Yahweh came from merging Canaanite gods (124)i)  The idea that Ps. 119 is about Canaanite material based on sun worship (from one scholar in 1958).j)  Global warming wiped out the Canaanites; not the Israelites.  The Moses story is made up (and then treated later by the authors as an actual historical figure arbitrarily).k)  The idea that the named Hebrew derived from the word Apiru, and thus, the Israelites were Canaanites.  We know where the name Hebrew came from - from one of Abraham&#8217;s descendants, Eber.  This is based on outdated biblical scholarship.  Again, it&#8217;s their theory before actual investigation.l)  The idea that Jesus was 40 years old when he was crucified (because Jesus *must* have been born and killed during a Venus cycle don&#8217;t you know.  Forget letting evidence speak for itself.  We&#8217;ll make Jesus&#8217; entire life fit within our time frame).  The fact is we have good evidence of when Jesus lived and when he died and he did not live until he was 40 to 36 AD.  Venus cycles  appear in these years and the authors try to make biblical data fit their needed criteria for Jesus to be a link in their system, but the dates altogether fail and thus their link of secrete Masonic information passage breaks.So, to sum up, I can see no reason to recommend this book to anyone (other than for entertainment purposes).  To anyone without the background of biblical knowledge, this will only reinforce false ideas about the biblical narratives and history.  To someone who doesn&#8217;t have the critical thinking schools to reason through a 500 page book, this will no doubt look and sound scholarly.  Again, unless there is some redeemable European history of Masonic transmission to be found in this work, I see virtually no reason to even consider reading this.
My son is reading this book for a book club sponsored by his teachers.  The teachers are volunteering their time after school to encourage literacy and critical thinking.  Therefore, I don't think I can offer this criticism to them, but I have to get this out somewhere.  I agree with the readers who say this book is very slow paced.  We get it right away that every adult in Joey's life is very, very flawed.  We have that illustrated for us again and again.  What, if anything, is the moral of this story?  That you are better off drugged with a slightly less loser parent than not drugged with the really loser parent?  If you want to explore ADHD, do a better job and include more than one school of thought on the matter.  I really hate this book.
Okay, the concept of getting a life and not just a job is great. But this book will not really help you with that. In fact, I found Caligiuri's advice somewhat removed from reality. In today's insecure economy it isn't that advisable to leave a secure position to pursue your passion. After all most people still have to feed their family. However, this book offers some valuable self-discovery tools that might be helpful in finding a better fitting career. Other than that I couldn't find much helpful advice in here. There are much better books out there on the topic, for example: "No More Mondays" by Dan Miller.
This rating is for this particular edition , not for the novel itself, which is an excellent one. I'm returning this edition because of multiple obvious spelling errors/typos in the intro section, and because the intro section has a &#34;World of Kipling & Kim&#34; history timeline that bizarrely begins with the American Revolution.  I don't have any confidence in this book's annotations / background section
That pretty much says it all.  Ok, it's free.  But it doesn't even tell you what's in there.  Don't bother; other collections just aren't that expensive to make this worth it.
First of all I'm a student. When I stared learning Java I knew next to nothing about programming and I had to use this book in an introductory Java programming class. Now let me tell you - this book caused me innumerable headaches and outbursts of anger and despair.Yes, it's a popular book, yes, many people will refer beginners to it, yes, you can find it for free. !!!BUT!!! other than that, the book is complete trash - the worst, the most stupid and useless examples ever, terrible explanations, terrible layout style and more.Don't listen to people that refer you to that book - I seriously doubt that they were learning from it when they began studying Java.THE BEST INTRO JAVA BOOK in my opinion, the book that really helped me to understand and learn programming is Introduction to Java Programming by David Liang. It's expensive and big but it's the best, really.
Does it occur to anyone else that the book never answers the title question?It's amazing to me that many of the people (managers and HR personnel) who hand out this book to their subordinates in a heart beat, apply so few of the principles in it themselves.As most surmise the book's key message is an encouragement to adapt to changes to the environment instead of standing around complaining.No wonder this book is such a big hit among managers and HR professionals. If they make an unpopular change that your subordinates complain about, just hand them this book. After all, it's easier to do that than for the managers involved to examine their own actions  and re-evaluate.  In effect, it gives the manager the near god-like position of the never-mentioned lab researcher who probably moved the cheese. (This is conjecture, since as I said before, the book never comes out and answers its title question.)In my own specific circumstance I was handed this book by a brilliant boss who did apply the principles of change to herself and her organization, so there is a counter point. But I fear she was the sole exception.The more I read the book and talked to my friends who'd been given it as the answer to constructive criticism they offered in their own organization, the more I see this book as the cop-out answers for managers who believe in change for changes' sake.In closing, read this book, one, two or twenty-three times and you'll never find out, who moved the cheese.  And for the sake of preserving your own inner integrity, don't tell yourself, &quot;That's the wrong question.&quot; That's the biggest cop-out of all.
Do not read this book if over 50...Too depressing.I hear  the film is a comedy so will try and see it if ever comes to a cinema near me...Good cast..
Ordered this by mistake and cancelled it immediately. It's still showing up as a $10.17 purchase on my Kindle orders.  What's up Amazon? I had no desire to read this kind of "techie" book. Be careful when browsing on your Kindle--it is apparently too easy to hit the wrong button.
Great Jones Street. Here we have the makings of a pop-culture satire, the  promise of the rock star monolith deciphered, the power of drugs and  insanity binded with classic DeLillo style, prose and what have you.None  of these are delivered to their full extent.The protagonist is one  Billy Wunderlick, in transitions between leaving his band and entering  reclusiveness. Escaping from the failure of his most recent tour, he seeks  reprise in an apartment situated in Great Jones Street. Then drugs get  involved, mysterious characters appear, there is alot of dialogue, almost  random scatterings of insight into insanity and violence.The underlying  flaw that ruins all of this is the fact that very little of DeLillo's  talent, prowress, magnificent details, shocking statements, searing  precision and the ingenious structure and virtuoisty that characterise  DeLillo's brilliance are evident. Even at this stage, DeLillo was learning  to be a writer.The thin plot is poorly disguised by dialogue.To be  fair though, DeLillo still deserves credit. All the characters are well  crafted and several of them enigmatic and thought-provoking. The dialogue  is intelligent and humourous. The novel also raises disturbing quesions  concerning our blind idolisation of rock stars and the power of  drugs.But hey. The whole 'story' is set in an apartment. Things happen  but you still need a story.I'll concede this much: Great Jones Street is  interesting to read as a reflection of DeLillo's earlier work.Overall,  most of you will be disappointed. You'll finish the novel with mixed  feelings. Subjectively, Great Jones Street was not carried to its  potential. DeLillo at is best can be found in Underworld, White Noise and  Mao II, Libra, the one's you've heard of and possibly read before. Save  your breath. Great Jones Street is readable, occassionally insightful,  quite enjoyable but very very unremarkable.
I like Loral; I've met her, seen her speak, bought her products, bought some coaching and think she has great insights and programs - just not in this book. Given that I'm acquainted with what she teaches, I was confused by how vague her latest book is.It is my assessment that Loral was advised to write a book for the mass-market just like like "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" - and she'd simultaneously make a few million and build a pipeline of people to upsell into her other products. But this book is so dumbed-down and watered-down from her usual fare that it passed a threshold where the editing lost its way. Some of her concepts are introduced, but the "building blocks" and examples only further the confusion. I can't even bring myself to recommend it to friends interested in this type of material.You will still get Loral's basic formula: build a business around your skills, get all of your net-worth working for you in higher yielding investments, and get expert advice to do it all. Only, just by reading the book - you'll have to do it all from scratch.I give the book 2-stars for laughing at saving money the usual financial-planner way and pointing out a few ways to do it. I would have given 5-stars if the the puffball fake scenarios were removed and replaced with a lot more meat and resources other than her own.I hope her next book will be much more serious about educating people who want to move forward - I know that she knows how!
One of the most important if not the most important topic in Iron Condors is Adjusting them when the market starts going against you.In fact many Iron Condor traders consider that's where most of the profit is made and where your losses are minimized.The author here devoted less than 4 pages to adjustments and gave only one example.You can get much more free information on adjusting with the articles on the Internet.Go to the internet, look at articles by Jared Woodard, John Sarkett (His book Options Wizards is Recommended), Josip Causic ( 1 or 2 examples of adjusting condors is in most of his articles )I wish Causic would write a Kindle book on Condors and with 40 or 50 examples of adjusting condors and every year expand it.It would be an annuity for him.
I finished the book, but it was tough.  I didn't like the stream-of-consciousness style and I also didn't like the protagonist.
Less than a chapter into the abysmal marketing guide "Shopper Intimacy", I suddenly remembered a line from the children's film 'The Phantom Tollbooth": "I didn't know words could be so confusing," says the hero, a little boy. To which his trusty watchdog replies, "Only when you use a lot, to say a little." That just about sums up this plodding, aggravating, deeply frustrating guide to intelligent marketing.Where to begin? Let's start with the jargon. I have never read anything, be it a book, business report, even a medical study, that used so much jargon--babble so thick and heavy it renders the book borderline unreadable. I love business books, and I love technical reports, but the terminology used in this guide is far more than mere industry-speak; it's a veil for lack of substance. Here's a few chestnuts picked at random:"Shopper intercepts focused on quantifying awareness and capturing recall measures.""Product assortment is the fundamental building block that often defines and always supports the store brand positioning to attract and retain a base of both dedicated and occasional shoppers.""The research shows us that that shopper engagement increases in relation to the relevance of the message; and that relevance includes both location and the information communicated so that visibility is a function of what, where and how we receive communication."Those sentences make just as much sense in context as out of it. We're all smart adults here, and obviously we know what big words mean, but in sentence after sentence, page after page, the effect is exhausting. Other Amazon reviewers have said the same and quoted other examples, but I'm repeating the criticism because it is true on a level you can hardly imagine.Unlike other reviewers, I do not feel the underlying information in the book is worth dynamiting for. As an example, under the dubious heading "Shopper Psychographic Segmentation", we are told the researchers began "by identifying a variety of potential traits" in shoppers. We are not told how, at least in a way I could decipher. The shoppers were then broken up into groups labeled things like "devotees", "deal seekers", "drop-bys", etc., but exactly how they got the shopper to reveal what category they fit into is an utter mystery, and so you could never duplicate the starting point. From there key retailer attributes that mattered to the desired group were identified. Again, no word on how. And so on, down the line, rendering any advice you may decode from the endless verbiage useless.From stupefying paragraphs to charts that look like the Muppets plan to rob the Mallory Gallery (lots of triangles), this is one of the most inexplicable guides I've ever seen. I would label it one star, but for a single, well-written line early in the book when the authors speak of identifying "who is important to us, and what is important to them". Succinct, useful, elegant. And a total fluke.Stay far far away from this, which we rate:GRADE: D
This book irritated me on so many levels, I don't know where to begin. Pompous, shallow, demanding, contrived, insipid, distracting - laden with incongruous, superfluous adjectives and pseudo-poetic description; I suppose that's a good start. Very few writers have the talent to pull off a masterful simile, and Boyle isn't one of them. Why is it then that every page has a combination of at least three or four "as ___ as" or "like a...."s? To say that this book is overwritten is an understatement. To say that the plot was under-engineered is fair. What he did manage to say within 350-or-so pages, could easily (and far more gracefully) have been said in 100 pages. Maybe then Boyle would have had room to add some dimension to these poor, single-minded, uni-purpose characters of his, running like rats on a wheel to a predestined fate.Upon reading the first page I was struck by the imagery - not so much that of the author's intention, but more that of the intentional author - the poor little bearded, red-haired sap, at once full of himself yet painfully aware of his own literary aspirations and shortcomings, fighting off the demon writer's block with sword and cowl and an armory of adjectives. I could see him sitting there at his typewriter or computer, asking himself ad nauseum "How can I make this more lyrical, more poetic?" That little man was omnipresent in this book, slaving away to dazzle me with his prose and looking over my shoulder to gauge my reaction like a wide-eyed, insecure child watches his mother appraise the finger painting he made in school. Sorry, kid. I'm not disturbing a single refrigerator magnet for this one.There is no room for this sort of pathetic pandering in good writing. Mr. Boyle seems to have forgotten that reading is an interactive adventure, requiring not just florid description from the author, but the imagination of the reader. Boyle is so heavy-handed in his descriptions that he actually distracts the reader from the images forming in his own mind. Here's an example from the very first page: "They infested his dreams, cut through his waking hours like a window on another reality." Mr. Boyle, I cannot recall the last time a window "cut" through anything. Windows don't cut. Page two: "There was the astonished look, a flash of mustache, the collapsing mouth flung open in a mute cry... ." I had to pause to think about that one. I spent several seconds trying to envision a mouth collapsing as it was flinging open. I had barely wrapped my brain around that one after running through several possible scenarios, when he nailed me again in the very same sentence with "... the brake, the impact, the marimba rattle of the stones beneath the car..." Marimba rattle? In my little sphere of reality, marimbas don't rattle. Besides, my brain has already assigned a very specific auditory description to the sound of stones under the tires of a skidding car, and the words "marimba" and "rattle" and the bizarre combination of the two intruded upon that, stopping me dead in my tracks and begging me to at least try to imagine what that sound was like - what it sounded like to that little wide-eyed, red-haired boy with the finger painting whose eyes were now riveted upon me in anticipation. And for what end? Did he really want me to reevaluate my perception of the sound of tires on stones, or was he trying to impress me with the artistry of his musical analogy to feed his own ego? This sort of descriptive intrusion was neither artistic nor musical. It was distracting - demanding - even arrogant; and I wished that little boy would go away. He never did.It's a far cry from, say, Poe, who got a lot of mileage from "the bells, the bells, the bells, the bells..." and throwing in the word "tintinnabulation" for good measure. Evocative, unobtrusive - words drawn with great faith in the reader, whom he assumes already knows what a bell sounds like.Boyle's characterizations are equally intrusive and, to my mind, unrealistic. The tone of the descriptions he uses to develop them are disturbingly incongruous - at one point, the immigrant drinks impure water from a stream and gets the "sh**s." Later he steps in dog "excrement." His wife has to "move her bowels." Then our antagonist liberal's (who sh**s just like the immigrant) two dogs (ostentatiously named "Osbert" and "Sacheverell") go out to "perform their matinal functions." The immigrant ponders his wife's pregnancy in "that secret place in her belly," then contemplated his own hip injuries, wondering "if there were a fracture in the socket or the ridge of bone above it. Or if he'd torn a ligament or something." Well, does he know about human anatomy or not? If there existed any matching of tone to character in this thesaurassic jumble, it was lost on me.The only thing about this book that tickled me was that Boyle exposed the true nature of the dyed-in-the-wool liberal antagonist as an intrinsically narrow and bigoted man. When swaddled in his comfy yuppiedom-of-southern-California existence, it is easy for him to assuage his underlying fear and hatred to the strains of "We Are the World," but once the real world begins to seep in through the chinks in his armor (chinks which, incongruously, he seeks to maintain rather than to seal) and it actually starts to cost him emotionally and monetarily, he goes off in a blind rage of racist hatred. Zing! Right past "compassionate conservatism" to the extremes of fascist reactionary vigilantism in one fell swoop. Go figure. Hee hee...For grins, I slogged through this toilsome book like wet Lassie through a bramble just to see where all this description-with-slow-moving-plot book was going, watching the rats run on their stationery little wheels of life on auto-pilot, when PLONK! In a deluge of Darwinian inspiration, at the very moment our characters are collectively reaping the harvest of their inadaptability to their environment, Boyle stops writing. Geez... Now I find myself wanting one or two more paragraphs of some kind of clumsy description or ham-handed, bizarre simile merely for the sake of putting a wrap on the scene. But no. There's that little boy again, and now he's saying "Nyah-nee-nyah-nee-nyahh-nyaaaah! GOTCHA!"Quoeth the reader... "Nevermore."
Arthur Rowe is a graying middle-aged man who visits a parish carnival. He tries the fortune teller and unknowingly mentions a coded question. He is told to guess the weight of the cake raffle as "four pounds eight and a half ounces"! Rowe won this prize, but there was some question about it. Back at his apartment he has a piece of cake. Then a bomb falls and destroys his apartment (war time London). The new tenant went to the hospital. Rowe goes to a Private Inquirer to find out about this new tenant, and why he put a drug in Rowe's tea. Next Rowe goes to track down the fortune teller, and visits the lobbying group called the "Free Mothers". Hilfe takes him to a seance where somebody is stabbed. Rowe makes his escape before the police arrive. [This is followed by pages of reminiscing about Rowe's boyhood. It pads the story, and displays Greene's literary prowess. A film would cut it all out to simplify the story.] Pages tell of life in wartime London under the bombs.The story continues with an undercover operative fooling Rowe into taking a suitcase to a hotel room. ["No good deed ever goes unpunished."] Johns explains the "Ministry of Fear" as the method of gathering dirt on important people then threatening them with exposure if they don't cooperate. [SOP for the Secret Services.] Could a witness disappear into a private asylum (Book Two)? Rowe manages to escape from the asylum, and goes to the police. His information matches what is known. The police raid the private asylum and find 3 dead men. They cannot find the spool of microfilm with the secret papers. They find the buttons and shoes from Jones, the private inquirer, but nothing else. Its easy to get rid of a body in war time. It all ends well: the secret microfilm is recovered, and Arthur is happy.What could Green have been thinking? The drama about a secret spy ring is masked by the psychological musings of Arthur. The much better "The Third Man" is an improved version of this story, all the dull parts were omitted. Was this written for domestic propaganda? Greene worked for British Intelligence during the war, he could have written a better story.
In our world of best selling drivel and paper thin plot lines, I was hoping to find in this author a much deeper semblance of character development.  However, while Hannibal Lecter is arguably one of the most distinct individuals in our recent times -- the other characters are barely uncovered.  Sure -- Starling is back and we do delve a bit into her past... but there isn't enough there to really associate with anyone in this book.  To add to this pain, the ending makes absolutely no sense.  I won't give it away -- but really... please... it isn't even a shocking ending -- it just happens.  Oh well -- this was my first/last Thomas Harris book.
This book seems like  it was rushed to press.  It's not nearly as in depth as the other two Market Wizard books.  And the interviewees seem to suffer from &quot;Survivoritis.&quot;  They know they are being watched and read now and they guard their words so carefully as to make the interviews pretty much worthless.I have read the first two Wizards again and again and this book is nowhere near their quality.  Avoid!
If Elvis Presley was such a terrible person, then why did Albert Goldman bother to write two books about him?  Albert Goldman should have found something better to do with his time than attempt to ruin the reputation of a dead celebrity.  Elvis was a wonderful entertainer and deserved every award bestowed upon him.  I would like to see how many records Albert Goldman could have sold (cetainly not over a billion world wide) or do a concert via statellite that was watched by over a billion people.  And most of all, be accepted into the Country, Gospel, and Rock n' Roll Hall of Fames.  No other entertainer has ever done of any these things and never will.  But Elvis Presley did.  Besides being a wonderful entertainer, Elvis Presley served his country, respected his parents and took care of them, loved his family, was a good friend, and cared about his music and his fans.  Albert Goldman was a jerk.
I made it to page thirty-one. The first few pages were humorous so I thought I was in for a good book, but I quickly became bored. I just don't feel like a book should be work, and I was working to pay attention after those first few pages.It's interesting to me how some books can have such good reviews, and I think, "Meh." Oh well, to each his own.
How to add to the reviews of a book that has over 800 reviews?  If you are a fan of angst-ridden stuff like Woody ALlen does, you will like this book.  Obviously, there are a lot of people out there who consider that literature.  If, on the other hand, you are like me and find the self-indulgent pity party type story to be both annoying and useless, then you will join me in hating this book.  The theme is how to come to terms with Viet Nam 20 years after the fact.  It is certainly true that plenty of vets had those issues.  It is unclear, however, whether a book like The Things They Carried helps to understand those issues.  Instead of illumination, you have selfish, self-indulgent angst ridden prose.  Well-written prose, but still the approach to the subject is far from satisfying.  I have to give this book a very low rating, not because the prose is poorly written, that is not the case, but because the approach to the subject is a simplistic, selfish, and, in the end, meaningless effort.  If you are vet with unresolved issues, look elsewhere.  If you want gripping tales that keep you interested, look elsewhere.  If you want to look inside the mind of someone who can't come to terms with his past, maybe then this book is for you.
writing is simple but still manages to be lofty and pretentious. This idyllic Princeton relationship between four friends may indeed be accurate, but difficult to relate to (and frankly believe) if you did not attend that school.
In my opinion, it would be really hard to write a book as good as either the Da Vinci Code or the Angels and Demons, but this book didn't even come close. The only reason I didn't put it down after reading the first half because I like to finish the books I start. The first half was boooooring! I wanted to read about the secrets hidden in the 500 year old book not about life on campus at Princeton. And I had to go back some pages a few times too as I got confused about who was who? It did get better in the second half, a little more exciting, but I'm glad it wasn't any longer :)
This book is awful, but not for the descriptions of horror that has, for everything else, in the first part of the book, when Clarice is in action killing Evelda and his gang is a real thriller, you think that you will never put down the book, but when the book goes to Italy is boring and boring and so it keeps.The less is written in the book is the life of Hannibal, you just know that his sister was eaten by some kind of cannibals in 1940 when their parents where killed in an invasion, but you don't know how he went to jail, how he escaped and why he has an expensive delight.All the chapters have an introduction to it that has nothing to do with the story of the book, this introduction is at least half page of the chapter, if you skip all the introductions you will have a book of 60 or 70 pages less , and here can I tell you that are 2 or 3 chapters that doesn't belong to the book at all, for example when Margot and Barney went to the gym.In all the story all the persons are the bad guys, except for Clarice, but Hannibal drug her, so at the end of the book only can win the bad guys, no matter what is your point of view.
Back when the Third Series was hard to come by, people imagined --- based on rumor and hype, not the least of which from Gurdjieff himself -- that this volume would contain Gurdjieff's most significant teachings.  You know, the stuff that SERIOUS and ADVANCED students of esoterica, like you, were looking for.  The powerful methods that would enable you to do or be whatever it is you think you ought to do or be, other than what you already are (anything but that!)  Well, keep looking, because the Third Series is pretty tame.  No secrets.  No mind-blowing methods.  You won't be able to kill a yak at fifty paces after you read it.  You'll just be back looking for that one book that will save you the trouble of self-remembering, not expressing negative emotions, etc., etc.  Better to read Beelzebub's Tales that third time.  Yeah, that'll do it.
This was the first Lodge book I'd read and I must say it was a big disappointment. To give the author credit, he wrote the work in 1975 and set it in 1969, and may well not have thought people would still be reading it today. Changing Places is very dated and the lengthy scenes of student unrest and academic high jinx simply do not resonate.The work tells the story of two unhappy academics, one English and one American, who exchange jobs for several months. Neither man is particularly sympathetic, both are stereotypes and they feel rather sorry for themselves, which doesn't help the reader. The two men are caught up in various academic adventures -- and minor adventures with academics, which left this non-academic variously confused and bored -- and both end up having affairs with each others' wives, neither of whom is particularly attractive as a character.The book is flat and uninspired. Half way through there is a chapter which consists only of newspaper headlines and introductory paragraphs and the anticlimactic final chapter is in the form of a stage script. This experimental approach (and the subject matter) may have an impact in the mid 1970s but read now it's little more than an oddity.
Aside from a few useful, generalizations from successful trend traders--that felt like they were taken from websites, previously published articles, and other stitched together sources--the book offers a disorganized pile of platitudes.  There are no specific ideas offered on developing a trading system.
Don't get me wrong, in the past I've praised Stephen Fry's impressive command of the language to the hilt. His transition from silly comedian to silly novelist was a tour de force. If it was difficult to take him  seriously as a writer at first, his literary credibility is unquestioned  now. However, this particular effort is a disappointment after the  unapproachable genius of his first, The Liar. I often marvel at the  pretension of writers who try to construct an alternative history. Making  History suffers the same pitfalls as Newt Gingrich's 1945, that other  embarrassing vanity tome. Suspension of disbelief notwithstanding, Fry's  vision of a non-Hitlerian world is preposterous.  It cynically suggests  that Hitler was no more evil than the next person, and the world could have  been worse off (i.e. less politically correct) without him. What does this  say about Fry's view of the German people, that he imagines that someone  even more odious might have taken Hitler's place? He should go back to  doing comedy with that other literary wanna-be, Hugh Laurie. As for this  book, it is amusing, though not intentionally. It should have been called  &quot;Making Up History.&quot;
I read the Davinci code and loved it.  THe way they hyped this book I was ready for a long night's read.  I tried to tough out the first 50 pages.  Not only was it going no where, it was jumping around all over the place. THe narrator was rambling but never getting near the point.  I kept hoping but finally through in the towel.  Who ever praised this book must have read something else. All that stuff about the goings on at Princeton, never figured out what that had to do with things, though I will admit I gave up
Remarkable.Remarkable that this book won a Booker Prize.I've been meaning to read Coetzee for some time, after seeing the prizes he's won, and had high expectations.  Perhaps this is not considered one of his better works, but based on other reviews, I see that inexplicably, some people actually liked this book.The characters were not only dislikeable, but completely unrealistic.We're to believe that Lucy after being gang-raped, would continue to live on her farm, even though she acknowledges that in so doing, she is likely to be attacked again.The lectures on English literature made the novel even harder to bear.I find it a Disgrace that such a novel wins the Booker Prize, when other greater novels such as Rohinton Mistry's "A Fine Balance" or Margaret Atwood's "Oryx and Crake" do not.
Surely, not another Butts book.  When will this jerk stop beating his dead wife for what he can squeezzzze out of her.  I'm beginning to doubt the validity of Seth.  If he "was" or "is" surely he would have put an end to Butts for the rest of eternity.
This review is for: Jurassic Park: A Novel by Michael Crichton (Mass Market Paperback)An evil, sleazy book, unheroic and malevolently mystical. Ian Malcolm, the mathematician, expresses the novel's theme. This character's central philosophy carries the weight of the novel's theme. Ew! Ick! These aspects never come up in the movie, which was a relief and a good entertainment. But as a novel -- ew ! ick! A arch-Catholic with a vile and anti-Man view of reality. But enjoy the movie like a cartoon carnival treat. It has nothing to do with the rotten essence that is the meat of this novel.
While I've been very pleased with almost every other Elizabeth Berg book that I've read, this one just didn't do it for me. I really didn't like any of the characters very much, and they were very one-dimensional, and shallow. Zoe, Ellen and Griffin's daughter, while she was there, she didn't really seem to be. Know what I mean? She seemed more of just an object for her parents to fight about, and we never really got a sense of what she was going through.And Ellen was such a drag. She was so immature, and weird. Why would Griffin want her back after the way she acted? And Griffin, while I initially felt sorry for him, I rapidly started losing my patience with him. He would stand up for himself one minute, and the next be all wishy-washy, and weak.In the end I just didn't like this book. I skimmed the last half, hoping to avoid going around in the circles the first half presents...but no such luck. Even though I didn't enjoy this book though, I'll still pick up another of Ms. Burg's books...but I don't think I'll be expecting as much.
I am not sure who the audience for this book was suppose to be. Like other reviewers of this book my first thought was high school graduates. On further reflection, I would have found this book to be boring and oversimplified if I were reading it as a high school graduate, I already understood basic common sense at that point in my life. For me it lacked the fierce inspiration that other books contained that I enjoyed as I started out in life, it also lacked really catchy quotes that contained deep wisdom. This book contains the same information that I share with my young children that are in elementary school, nothing new here, nothing very deep, and it is not very clever. A better title would have been "The rules for common sense".Others liked this book, it may just be that I have read too many self-help/inspirational books and this was just one too many that was not deep enough for me. I think this is a good book for elementary school kids not for adults, way to basic, and written at much too low a level, at times even insulting to the intelligence of readers.A similar book to this one that I absolutely loved was "The ten distinctions between winners and whiners." by Keith Cameron Smith. While similar to this one I found that one to be brilliant, summarizing powerful principles in very clever ways.
To me, the definition of a good book is one that sucks you in to their world and that you can identify or sympathize with the characters. In my opinion, this is not a good book. Spoiler alert!  There are so many holes in the premise that it's impossible to suspend disbelief.  Earlier reviews mentioned a lack of the outside world, that it's like they're in a cocoon- that's exactly it.  Forget all the questions of "couldn't more people have seen him disappear", "why didn't his time travel skills make headline news", etc.- because you'll be disappointed.  The characters are detestable and selfish.  And if you buy the whole premise of the book and do get sucked in to this world- it's incredibly sad if you think about it.  The creative writing was the only redeeming quality.
Probably because of how stupid it is. It's been years since I read it, but I can sum it up for you. It follows the experiences of a spoiled rotten dumbass rich kid with no drive, no motivation, no goals, no self respect. Why? Because he's never worked a day in his life and expects the world to feel sorry for him because he has teenage angst. This kid could be considered the orginal emo without the make up. Yeah he shows signs of schitzophreina, but that really doesn't make him more compelling or pitful. Bottom line, this is the saga of a self centered little bastard incapable of feeling any emotion for anyone save perhaps his little sister. It's not timeless, the story teaches nothing, but creates a model of an idiot. I'll say this though, if you are a parent and you're kid turns out like this kid, you have failed as a parent. Mabye that's the point of the book, but I doubt it.The book is overhyped by the hippie crowd because they can relate to the character. As in they're spoiled rotten rich little idiots who have never worked a day in their life and are looking for hand outs. That's the description of the main character and the synopisis of the book. This is probably why the book has been banned so much, because it's an insipid self centered, apathetic mockery of the human experience. A guide to living for the weak minded so called elite masses.
This book has entered my list of all time cures for insomnia, along with &quot;Cold Mountain&quot; and &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot;.  It can be summed up in one word - depressing.  Books like this can be called 'page turners' because you keep turning the page to the expectation that something interesting has to happen.It is not believable.  I might have believed it more if Luke were 14 and not 7.  (I can't remember ever knowing a seven year old with the interest in naked women of an 18 year old.)And I don't think I could spoil the end because there is none.  It is like Grisham just decides he is bored with the book himself and stops writing.  It leaves a lot of loose ends.  And there are so many loose ends that I fear he may be considering a second in the series, or God forbid, a trilogy.
I took two years of German a decade ago, so I bought this hoping to use it as a refresher. I find it poorly organized. It also spends too much time on simple things, and doesn't have enough practice drills for more complex concepts. For example, 5 pages are dedicated to &#34;My name is __. What is your name? What is his name?&#34; But less than two poorly explained pages on using nicht versus kein. I was able to pick and choose exercises that I needed, but definitely needed other books and CDs to supplement. It's also kind of difficult to actually use; it never really lays flat on the table, and always finds a way to slip out of your lap. Because of this, you can't quite write on the pages. I do feel like this book was a waste of money.
First some basics before I get down to the things that really tick me off.1. Check the ISC2 blueprint for the exam, and then check the contents or index pages of this book. You will see that there are a LOT of things which this book does not cover. It is certainly not an "all in one" study guide.2. The pages are padded out with large text and absolutely pathetic clip art. If you think you are getting 800 or so pages of good reference material, think again.3. The author is obviously not well versed in some of the domains she covers, it seems as though she has just paraphrased a lot of material from other sources. Many sections contain technical errors, or demonstrate small points which show that she didn't know the subject she was writing about as well as she should have.But what really bugged me the most was the absolutely poor quality control which permitted this book to be published with so many (110+) errors! I complained to the publisher who said that they had contracted out the proof reading (presumably to the local zoo).What amazes me even more is the number of reviews here that praise the book for being well written! My advice is as follows:If your reading experience is limited to the sport pages of your local tabloid paper, buy this book, it is perfect for you.Or, if you prefer to read the more serious parts of a broadsheet paper, don't buy this book, it will irritate you. Buy Krutz's book instead. It also doesn't cover everything you need, but at least you won't feel the need to correct it as one might when reading a school child's essay.In conclusion: This book isn't cheap, I think that if someone pays top dollar for a technical book they should expect that the author knows the difference between terms such as "regimen" and "regime", or that NAT doesn't run at layer 7, or that ARP is not a layer 1 protocol (just check the diagram on page 48 for an example). To summarise in one word: shameful.
I'm a big Crichton fan - I like techno thrillers, sci-fi and usually enjoy Chrichton, but this was too much of a stretch for me. It smacked more of fantasy and role playing - something Dungeons and Dragon fans would get into.I know you need to suspend belief, but the way the time travel is presented and what happens never hooked me the way Andromeda Strain, Jurrasic Park, Sphere were able to do. Borrow from a friend, buy it used, check it out at the library to see if you like it. Not one for my collection.
I am fascinated by autism. People with autism think differently than most people, and I am very intrigued about the precise differences in thought patterns. This book, unfortunately, just didn't grab me. There was something about it that seemed too methodical, trying to get inside the head of an autistic boy but not authentically grasping his feelings and world view.I much preferred the non-fiction accounts I have read from people with autism. Those interested should check out Born on a Blue Day: Inside the Extraordinary Mind of an Autistic Savant by Daniel Tammett and Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's by John Elder Robison.
It is hard to imagine a mystery bad enough to not get five stars from #1.  The only redeeming feature of A Body in the Bathhouse, for me, was its description of the construction of the Roman Palace at Fishbourne.  Because my ignorance of the site is near total, the details that bored other readers were more interesting to me than the characters or the plot.Too many sub-plots, too many pat soluctions, too much cutesy family stuff, too much Benny Hill potty humor, too much wrong word-usage (ex-patriot for expatriate), and too much British slang from the lips of Romans.
I have taken this book out of my library while waiting for a new Linux+ study guide, which is not the same person who wrote this one.I read the first chapter and I have worked with Linux and Unix for many years and are familiar with both. It was interesting some of the topics that were mentioned but at issues were the chapter questions that I noticed had some errors and asked some information that was not discussed in the chapter. For example...1) The first question asked which of the following are applications out of five choices (pick two). I noticed there was three choices and two for operating systems. There answer is that there are two OS and the rest of applications which was not the question asked.2) There a command talked about listing processes called top. I have never used this command and the common way to do this is with the ps command with some flags. I tried the command top and it is hard to scroll down and look at of the processes running. I believe this is a not a standard command and do not know why he talked about this command.3) There was a question asked what happens if during an install you need to download a driver or something and what can you do. The issue was that this was in very minor detailed talked in the chapter not as install but on using terminal. The answer was all of the above where one answer was not mentioned in this first chapeter.After reading the first chapter, I was having bad feelings of this book and feel that it really needed a couple of more reviews to correct errors and missing information before releasing to the public. I also do not really like how the material is presented and that could be because of my experience with Linux...I have read a few more chapters and some of the material is just review for me and some is also new. One thing I have been noticing is that he focuses on a few Linux versions and not the one I use (Ubuntu) and I am not sure if the test is based on the either SUSE or Fedora Linux or just general concepts since the Linux versions are different.I have been noticing more errors in his questions and also asking questions about things he briefly mentioned in the chapter but the questions are more specific and were covered necessarily in the chapter. Some I reasoned out correctly since I have a Linux background and some is based on interpretation. In his treatment of the Vi editor, some of his statements are contrary to things that I have seen using Vi.I think there are other books that this one which I do not recommend... I am just waiting for my Amazon order to be shipped since it is a new book. The other books that are already out there are not so good. I looked at the Passport edition and it was so small that it seemed like it only prepared you for the test without the basics (I believe this is a no no)...
The book is supposedly meant for coaches of business leaders. Explaining the brain functions and structure, Mr.Pillay attempts to show how leaders can perform better in managing their organizations and getting the best out of their employees. The book is organized into four sections - (a) the Introduction covering the broad principles of how brain science applies to coaching and communicating (b) Relationship section explaining how positive psychology helps in coaching (c) Intervention section on how to effectively convert ideas into actions (d) the Conclusion, where the different brain regions and how the interventions affect them, are explained.Each chapter lists a number of concepts, their application in business contexts and their connection to 'brain science' which according to the author is a division of neuroscience. Considerable technical jargon is used for explaining the various parts of the brain and how it relates to business activities. Most of it are quite unnecessary, repetitive and irrelevant. Over 35 to 60 references are provided for each chapter making the whole effort look a very impressive and scientific endeavor. However the book drifts from science to pseudoscience by  morphing raw scientific  facts and hypothesis into seemingly sophisticated tools for solving business management problems without using the rigor needed for good science. Many of the issues raised are real but  simple psychology would be sufficient to provide answers to them. Recent discoveries like mirror neuron systems are twisted out of context to make them look very relevant for business leaders.  Innovation, Creativity etc are very much dependent on the brain and hence understanding how the brain functions is definitely useful, but for that I would suggest much better books like 'The Tell-tale Brain' by V.S Ramachandran or 'In Search of Memory' by Eric Kandel.' Your Brain and Business'  does not have a single real life case study and it is very difficult to believe that the author has successfully used this approach in enhancing the functioning of business organizations. I would not recommend this book to any business leader or coach.
After reading this book, it seems to be the case that the authors provided a basic guide to ethics which was misleading.  Of course, the book is for beginners, which is one of the greatest problems with it.  Books that are for beginners have the responsibility of communicating a basic overview of the issues at hand.  A beginners book should outline the importance of ethics, as well as provide a concise outline of various approaches and systems within the field of ethics.  Moreover, such a text should be humble and honest about current controversies and should give a list of additional readings in either footnotes or end-notes with regards to subject matter that could not be discussed in depth within the actual content of the chapters.  Indeed, this book did some of those things but not to the extent that it should be considered a "good" guide to ethics.  The reason for this is that the authors more often than not laced the text with their opinions as a substitute for an attempt to be a neutral coverage of various theories.  If you find yourself in an unavoidable circumstance such that you have to read this book, do so with extreme discernment.  If a beginner took up this text and assumed it to be largely unbiased, they would be shooting themselves in the foot with a terrible start to ethics.The citations are unorganized and almost unscholarly.  Many times they cannot precisely be traced.  Rachels often cites sources that are not even authorities on the issues being discussed.  When there is an issue that is currently open to debate, there will merely be an asserted opinion on the matter without a list of a few scholarly sources of the opposing views.Also, the price of this book is outrageous.  This text borders on being a pamphlet.  It is not worth the price.  If you have to read it for a beginners class to ethics or something of that nature, try to check it out at a local library rather than pay the small fortune.In sum, I do not recommend the purchase or even reading of this book.  If I did, I think it would have been -shall I say- unethical.
I'll admit I never finished this book. By the eighth chapter, I found myself skimming ahead, wondering if the author's obsessively detailed, meandering path was leading somewhere, or if I was just being gabbed at. If your idea of a good time is sitting through an endless slide show of someone else's vacation, you're gonna love this book.
Maybe it was just that this book was too simple but I found it very boring and the story line is basically what people go through in their lives. Someone close to you dies and you move on I would not recommend this book to you basically because it is a played out storyline and I do not think the author spent too much time on this book which I think was probably thought of in ten minutes and written in twenty minutes and published. I mean come on dying from a bee sting I find that more comical than sad in my eyes
I bought this book along with &#34;The lord of the flies&#34; so that I would have something to read when I got back my obsession of reading books. My other obsession is good TV  mainly PBS or moviesboth of which I can record unless my newest obsession takes over which is baseball.  Just a little aside, I have been watching every game the Washington Nationals have played since 2000.  I still am amazed at myself why this has happened but it has happened.Re the Catcher.  I'm so glad I read the one star reviews because they are so intelligently writtenand they give me a brief idea of the story.  I usually read the one stars  since I've heard that it was a &#34;classic&#34; all my life which is a long one.  I was a teenager when It came out.  Even then it would not have been on the must read list because I went to  a Catholic  high school.I don't have anything to add to these reviews except that I put it down the last time because it didn't have a paragraph break until the third page.  I confess, When I didn't have a break in the first page it looked burdensome.  Fortunetly I purchased it for a cheap used paperback.  I've used this quote before by  Dorothy Parker:  &#34;Don't set this book down lightly; throw it with all your might.&#34; but it describes best what you courageous one starers have said about it.
This may be a good book for some, but it definitely has its target audience, that is for sure. Christensen focuses on disk drives and their development in the computer industry. I know nothing about hard-disk drives and never really wanted to care about disk drives. If you are like me and do not like to wade through technical terminology to understand a seemingly simple point, you may want to find something else to read. Of course if you know a thing or two about hard-disc drives, this book might not be so difficult for you. I read this book and got a little bit out of it, but after a while, I simply resorted to scanning the text and tried to distinguish one good point from the next (pausing to read things that were seemingly more important), but this was still very difficult. I hope you have better luck with this book if you decide to try and read it.
First, let's call a spade a spade. This "book" by Jack Ablin, Chief Investment Officer of Harris Private Bank is a vanity project written as a marketing tool.  I'm a bit surprised FT press published this book, as this is the type of thing that is usually self-published. Many more of these books will be sold than will actually be read.  I envision this book being given to salespeople and prospects at seminars, so they will be able to say their money is managed by a smart guy that "wrote the book" on investing.Jack Ablin in 200 pages advances the thesis of "Reading Minds:" that stock picking is futile.  He even admits he's terrible at it.  The best approach is what he calls "Global Macro."  He writes "it all boils down to active asset allocation" and claims to track 5 metrics to do so successfully.He starts with an entire chapter that could be summed up as "Don't buy individual stocks."  He says you're not likely to successfully pick stocks when even he can't do it. Then he takes all of chapter four to explain that individuals tend to make emotional investment decisions - the key is to automate the investment process.  Nowhere in the book does he elucidate a specific process, however.  He instead spends pages and pages detailing his successes at different jobs.  I started to wonder how many has he had?It seems like he's finally getting to specifics in chapter 5, "Identifying Metrics," which can be summed up with "you need to track specific metrics." Again, he hasn't told us which metrics to track yet, but promises to do so with his "Five Factors."  Here are his "Factors:"Factor One.  Momentum.  He spends most of his time in this chapter on extolling the virtue of stocks above the 200 day moving average and breadth.Factor Two. The Economy.  Again, very vague, but he spends more time on shape of the yield curve than anything else.Factor Three.  "Follow the Money- Liquidity"  Fund flows, M2 and credit spreads.  No specifics, at this point it's becoming obvious that he's just trying to show how smart he is.Factor Four.  Psychology.  He discusses the AAII BEAR index, and then admits it is not useful for timing the market.  He discusses VIX and SI ratio.  He is just all over the place now, I'm a slow learner but I'm starting to get the point.Factor Five.  Fundamentals.  He spends most of his time on the "Fed Model" which is inverse of P/E vs 10 year bond yields.  (This method has been largely discredited after the 2008 melt-down).In his final chapter, entitled "Putting It Together" I hoped he would have something specific to say.  Instead, wisely, he uses it as a chapter to brag about his ability to analyze so many things at once.  Mr. Ablin sounds like the type of kind conservative old gentleman that appeals to customers of the old trust banks when he makes statements like "Apple's iPod became a "must-own" for design-conscious hipsters and their imitators."  Another gem is when he writes that new MBAs are armed with their "cutting edge HP12C financial calculators."
Television commercials constantly inform us that bacteria are everywhere, and if we buy whatever product is being advertised we (and our families - especially our children!) can be protected from 99% of them.  The problem is that often we don't need protection from most of the bacteria being destroyed.  In fact, our bodies are covered in bacteria - inside and out - and they're generally more helpful than harmful.  And if you've paid attention to news stories you'll probably already know that scientists worry that products such as anti-bacterial soaps are actually creating the conditions for genetic mutations in many harmful bacteria that make them immune to such products, thereby defeating their use and purpose.Anne Maczulak is a microbiologist who is obviously passionate about bacteria, and in this book she turns that passion into a crusade for respect for the invisible world around us and the bacteria that make life possible here on Earth.  The problem is that her passion causes her to jump all over the place in this enthusiastic... well, I'm not sure what to call it.  You can't call it a "narrative" because that suggests order and there's precious little of that here.  Scientific terms are tossed out liberally and frequently without definitions or explanations.  Acronyms are used without telling what they mean.  Historical people and events are mentioned with only the briefest stories.  Concepts are discussed in a haphazard fashion, bouncing to other topics before returning - sometimes - and seldom with satisfactory or comprehensible explanations.In fact, I was reminded of this book while reading with my 3rd grader in her science book - it had the same tone and same short sentences and moved from one topic to another without really saying much - except this book uses lots of big words without even stopping for definitions.  A little focus could have done wonders to a fascinating topic.  I do not recommend this book.
If you are a full-time professional trader, this book may be helpful, otherwise, I believe it will only be an enigma to you. It seems to contain all this great information complete with many charts, deep discussion and analysis of market activity, and very intelligent sounding statements and recommendations, but the bottom line is that there is very very little I was able to actually use in my trading. I strongly believe any book should be read at least twice to get the full benefit, but I think I would have to read this book 5 or 6 times to get anything from it, and I am not sure that what you would get would actually be worth it when you see how thick it is.Some of his intelligent sounding statements are actually just confusion - I cannot tell if the writer just has the engineers mind-set and expresses himself in a very technical manner, or if he is trying to sound more profound and intelligent than he really is. In any event, his writing style is difficult and tedious, and say what you will, that makes the book harder to understand and less likely to be of any real benefit to you.His discussion on the 7 bells was pretty interesting, but it is not anything that I, as a part-time amateur trader, have been able to use. Again, if you are more advanced in your trading, you may be able to apply this information.For the money, I would recommend you pass on this book and buy High Probability Trading (Marcel Link) and The Professional Commodity Trader (Stanley Kroll, if you trade commodities). Both of these books are very, very helpful, give very good advice, are very easy to read and understand (both books are actually fun to read), and therefore, will be much more helpful to you.
This book is a huge disappointment.  After reading it through, I am no closer to knowing what to sell or how to source it.  No wholesale sources or manufacturers are listed.The book DOES give a good explanation for how to evaluate what sells on eBay & whether a market is saturated.  Otherwise, there's nothing but general information here.
I will give Mr. Chrichton this: he is without a doubt the most original thinker in modern American fiction.  The ideas he spawns (and the detailed research her performs) are excellent.  His books, however, never seem to  finish the race.  Almost always, I am completely caught in his web at the  beginning and then left unsatisfied at the end.  Timeline is no exception.This book is a fascinating idea, and the first half moves purposefully  toward character development.  Unfortunately, it then turns into Die Hard  sans Bruce Willis.  If the books was 200 pages longer, he may have been  able to develop the characters more and bring the book to a natural ending.  Now, it is predictable (completely) and has a huge leap of logic and  development at the end.The bottom line is that while I enjoyed the book  somewhat, it was more for the idea than for the execution...something I  could have gotten from the jacket.
A disclaimer: I really like Discworld and everything else Pratchett wrote so far.Except for this book. It is an unfortunate fact, but this book contains none of the wit and humanity of Pratchett -it reads more like a schoolteacher's effort to make science interesting to a bunch of pre-pubescent kids. It has a very predictable, uninteresting story unfolding at UU (Unseen University), interrupted by long, arduous lectures about different topics from Cosmology to Darwin. Unlike any other Pratchett books, we don't see any character development, we don't know anything new about the characters; they're mere puppets, who do what they are expected to, and they're there only to introduce the next lecture. I would expect more from a book. Even their introduction is somewhat tired; Pratchett always manages to re-introduce known characters in his new books in a way that's not boring for readers who already know them, and in the same time, helps the new readers understand them immediately. Here, you get some reference to a specific book and a quotation which was hilarious in its context but sounds kind of lame out of it (like Greebo eating a vampire). It's a lazy way to do this; the Art of Discworld, for example, made a much better job of it.The depth of knowledge conveyed is not very deep -nobody with high school education, and some books under his/her belt will find anything new. If you only read The Scientists, The Brief History of Time, and the Blind Watchmaker (put the Selfish Gene in it, too, if you wish), you already know more than this book can give you, moreover you've read three (four) very engaging, very entertaining books. I had to literally force myself to finish the book, so that I can write a review. Not to mention had the writer responsible for the scientific part actually read the Scientists (or knew anything about the history of nuclear power), he would not have omitted the single most important person in the history of nuclear power: Leo Szilard. He was the one who came up with the idea of chain reaction (and patented it), along with Fermi, the first nuclear reactor, he was directly responsible for the Manhattan Project, and with Fermi (the only one who was mentioned) he made incredible progress in actually making the thing work. Of the two Szilard was the thinker and Fermi was the experimenter - the work they did together would not have been possible without either of them. It is simply incredible that the writer made this mistake. This telling omission makes me a bit worried about the rest of the text. When you write a popular book about science, it is a requirement to be really throughout in your research -just as if you were doing science.In all, I cannot recommend this book, even if you are a Discworld fanatic. It tries to be two thing: a popular book about science, and a Discworld story, but it fails in both roles. Buy yourself the newest book in the series, rather. It's money much better spent.
A friend lent me this book, as it had some intellectual underpinnings. I must say that it is one of the worst books I have read in ages. The author is apparently French and was raised by hippies. One can sympathize with him for having such a dreadful upbringing. However the book is full of revolting sexual images. Reading the critical response the theme of the book is apparently with the collapse of the old morality society has become fragmented and pointless. This apparently gives the author some leeway to write about a character who spends most of his time jerking off after seeing young girls. The book is full of big statements such as "there is no such thing as homosexuality. All homosexuals are pedophiles who would drop their current partner for an 18 year old". Generally the book is dull, semi pornographic and filled with bald pretentious observations about the world.
This book was Michael Palmer's worst.  The book begins in Germany during WWII with Nazi doctors conducting experiments on humans.  Then, forty years later the story continues.  Usually his books are full of suspense and drama.  This book lacked both.  I kept reading it in hopes that it would get better.  Unfortunately, it didn't.  I don't recommend this book to anyone.
Somewhere along the way Paul Auster was decreed a &quot;literary author,&quot; so if you dare to say he's boring, pretentious, and not really all that good with words, you are simply one of the great unwashed who don't get it.  The first two novels in this book  book are flat our lousy, no two ways about it (I lost the book after the I slogged through the second novel and didn't much miss it.  The concluding story looked better than the other two but that ain't saying much).  Auster's characters are wan bloodless abstractions.  You can have abstractions in your stories and still write engaging stuff, look at Kafka, but make us feel for your abstractions; that's the secret.  Auster doesn't come close to managing this feat.  Auster writes &quot;literature&quot; for philosophy students who never got literature or maybe &quot;philosophy&quot; for English students who never understood philosophy.  At any rate it's boring and self important drivel, worse when you  get down to it Mr. Auster's great insights are really rather insipid.  They're the kinds of things fifteen year olds happen on and feel really, really deep and special for thinking of, for a year or two anyway.  James Ellroy and Dashiell Hammett have written much better books, but unfortunately they're crime authors so we can't take them seriously now can we?  But Mr. Auster, talentless though he may be, is a literary author, deigning to write crime albeit in an oh so clever postmodern way so we can't not him serioulsly at risk of looking dumb.  If you read to actually enjoy a book pick up Ellroy or Hammett, but if you want to impress the grad student crowd at parties then go for Auster.  But you'll always wonder just how many of them actually like him, and how many are just saying they do are because they're too afraid of looking stupid to say differently.
"Catcher in the Rye" is supremely overrated piece of garbage. It provided a few chuckles, and was of interest to me as to how privileged young people in New York spoke in that era, but it has only attained its status as "classic" because of the controversy it caused upon publication in Truman era America and also thanks to three generations of high-school English teachers desperate to be thought of as "cool" by their students by assigning a "dirty" book in class. It's really hilarious to me how the cover of my edition is printed in a very stark and naked style, with only the title and author laid out against a red background, as if front-cover art or back-cover blurbs would detract from the gravitas of this very serious "classic". What a joke. This book has no artistic or philosophical merit whatsoever and only warrants notice as a cultural icon of mid to late 20th century America, to our people's eternal embarrassment and shame. Holden Caulfield is a nauseating adolescent with a vocabulary limited to swear words and slang, who goes around getting drunk, thinking about sex and being depressed about the supposed phoniness of everyone but himself. The book appeals to the supercilious, self-centered, oh-so-sensitive, "I gaze upon the world and weep" type of teenager to whom the character of Holden gives reinforcement for their idiotic, anti-social behavior.  Of all people, they should not be reading this book (not that anyone should), let alone having it assigned to them by adults who are supposed to be preparing them for maturity and responsibility. This book belongs on the ash-heap of literary history. Completely worthless.
Debra Messing and Dermot Mulroney were "Kat" and "Nick".Yes,Duplicitous Is a great word to describe Why "Kat" in the film did what she believed forced to Follow through.By not keeping the same names as the characters in book and tweeking readers into "false" feelings of the same book to film is not my cup o' tea.The film,based on this book is a "bit o' crack".{Fun for those not knowing the British slang}.Film is witty,a great Supporting Cast w/Holland Taylor,Amy Adams and a slew of British Actresses&Actors many will recognise and Delight in trying to recall where they were seen and what Film{s}.Glad I read review prior to purchase of Book.Film is a more even easy to follow Reasoning of Events.Top Notch and Own the Film...
I was so disappointed in this book. I had heard how good it was, so was looking forward to reading it. I thought the time traveling thing was like Alice in Wonderland.not much story to it,a lot of killing and sex.
I know this is basically a Qt manual book, but they could have passed it on to an editor to make it less of a manual and more of a leaning experience. "slots and signals" needs more explaining (to us noobs) My C++ manuals are more interesting than this.
My key problem with the book lies with Ellen. The only person she ever appears to have ever truly connected with is her daughter, Zoe; she's always had doubts about her feelings for Griffin, even before their marriage. Almost 40, she's never taken the time or effort to establish a career, has no friends to speak of (other than occasionally confiding in a waitress in a nearby restaurant), has no apparent ties to the community and no hobbies. She turns to another man to fill the emptiness in her life, but that's not something anyone can fix for her.Elizabeth Berg's point is that we need to love the people in our lives, flaws and all. That's true, but for a relationship to be truly healthy, it's important the two people bring out the best in each other and that's not the case with Griffin and Ellen. He loves her deeply, but fails to understand that she is a very unhappy woman, and that is something his love cannot overcome.  From the way her character is written, it sounds like she's clinically depressed and has been for years.The fact that Ellen's depression is not addressed is one tragedy.  The other is how Griffin clings to a woman who has never had more than tepid feelings for him.  Zoe is the glue that keeps them together, but she deserves a mother who doesn't rely solely on her role as parent for personal fulfillment. The way the book ends, none of that is addressed.Elizabeth Berg's writing is lovely and I'm usually a big fan of her work, but this is one book I cannot recommend.
Very little professional guidance for the topics presented.  If anything it enlightens the individual how to be prejudice based on other individuals' characteristics.  If the book chooses to present the topics covered it should present information acknowledging the frailities of humanity when presenting some of the research listed throughout the book; instead of presenting the material as "who we are" without a choice to rise above the cliche personality of a self-centered bigoted individual.  Reading the text felt like I was being preached to by a social elitist and was offensive.
The premise of this book is intriguing, but alas, the execution is prosaic. Although curious about the plotting, by the time I was halfway through it felt contrived, and I cared very little for the characters.  I fear the author opted for cleverness rather than insight into the longing of the heart.  I don't know how old the author is, but if she is young perhaps she will mature into human understanding.  Experience sometimes rewards talent in that way.  This effort, however was disappointing.
This was not a captivating book at all.  It was a struggle for me to read, the plot line dances all around.  I'm glad I bought it on paperback.The publisher seems to go out of its way to point out that the book was "in the works" before Dan Brown's "Da Vinci."  However, it's an opportunistic play to jump on the codebreaking bandwagon.  Just was not an interesting book at all.
I read this book because Calvino is the famed fabulist about which people I know tend to talk; the reviews published on him are almost universally positive.  So imagine my surprise when I began reading this book which proved to be ethereal and wishy-washy in content, language and theme!  I compare  &#34;Invisible Cities&#34; to a sickly anemic child that has stopped running around and playing outside in the fresh air.  It is short--that is it's only real success. If you are looking for plot, character development, and resolution in your reading material, then this book is not for you!
I understand that this may be a wonderful read for many people, but I, frankly, can barely get through one page without falling asleep.  I have struggled through almost 100 pages, and now I believe it's time to put it down as I am never going to finish it!!
I'm not sure why this book was even written in the first place.  It did nothing to help me get more out of the REAL books it was reviewing.  The missing 35 pages was a big error on the part of the graphics contractor, not the author's fault, but was helpful in adding to the frustration.  I returned it for a full refund plus got the shipping charge refunded- Amazon returns are easy.
i bought this because i really like reading different takes on world history ("a history of the world in 6 glasses" by tom standage, for example).  the best way to describe this book is to compare it to my 'history of the south' professor from college.  he took a what has the potential to be a fascinating subject and made it b-o-r-i-n-g.  despite the fact that it was poorly written--i'm sorry but a published author should be able to find more interesting prepositional introductions than "in fact"--it jumps from place to place.  i think it was supposed to be following a rough timeline, but it didn't do it very well.  and, there are far too many recipes.  are we actually supposed to try them?  like the ones for preserving human bodies?
Not worth it. Presents a lot of concepts without showing real trading results on performance. The only decent chapter is about money management, but Mr Carter these days seems to be making more money on webinars then trading.
Stick to the original edition - the text that Hemingway finished before his death, the manuscript that he - personally - gave to A.E. Hotchner to deliver to Scribners in New York. This revised edition is an insult to the novelist's memory.
Since I transitioned from student life to adult life and began working, I have taken to catching up on &#34;the classics&#34; that I somehow never had to read in high school or college.  Before reading, I had no idea what Catcher in the Rye was even about. After reading, I had no idea what Catcher in the Rye was even about.  I started reading some reviews and the common themes that kept popping up were &#34;coming of age&#34; and &#34;teenage angst.&#34;  So many of the reviewers talked about relating to Holden. I found Holden to be the single hardest to relate to character I have ever encountered in a work of fiction. With rare exceptions, Holden pretty much hates everything. It is troubling to me that people find this type of anger and bitterness so easy to relate to. This is not just my 27 year old self speaking; I have never felt this angry and empty at any point during my high school or early college years, or any other point in my life for that matter.The literary merits of this book, both positive and negative, have been covered ad nauseum in other reviews, and I don't feel like I have anything compelling to add to either side. What I will say is that this book offers me none of what I look for in a work of fiction.  If I am curious to learn more about the mind of a teenager, I'll go read a psychology journal or watch a documentary, or take a class on adolescent psychology.  If I am reading a novel or watching a movie, I want to be entertained. I want to know what happens next. I want to be so captivated by the story that I'm practically skipping over words to see what happens next. Therein lies my biggest problem. Essentially, nothing happened in this book.  There were a few funny spots, but on the whole, it wasn't funny. It wasn't dramatic. It wasn't action packed. There weren't twists or turns. The only suspense was the belief I held that something interesting was eventually going to happen. It didn't. I could not relate to Holden at all. In the end, I don't know why anyone would want to read this book. I really don't.
I don't know where Ms Kollen-Rice got here information, but a huge fraction of it is wrong, at least on the West Coast. Since when do trust deeds have right of redemption? Not since they were invented. You think you can trot out only 10% down, with 30 days to come up with the rest of the money? Not out west. Look to bring cashier's checks to the auction. Think you are going to get two or three or four tours of the house before the auction? Quit taking whatever drugs you are taking.Then the book has lots of padding. Too bad I can't give out negative stars. This is a real stinker.
After being tempted at java.sun.com with online version, I figured I would pick this book up to have as a good reference.  After all, there's something to be said for having it in print =)Unfortunately, I found the examples *severely* lacking.  I returned the book practically immediately when I realized that it didn't fit my learning style.  Much like the author of another book on design I own, MEGO (My Eyes Glaze Over) until I see a good example.  I understand the patterns, but I would really have liked to have seen at least a *toy* example.Imagine reading GoF and seeing this:+++Command pattern is blah blah blah.  Here's an example:Command comm = getCommand();comm.execute();+++That example really wouldn't tell you how the Command pattern works in context, etc.  At the end of each pattern in GoF, there's a really nice example (not in Java, but hey, no one's perfect ;)  If this book had that, or at least a pointer inside of a larger example, THAT would have been it for me.  I would have given it 5 stars.What they COULD have done was said, &quot;Here's what a Front Controller is.  See x.java and y.java inside of PetStore or Adventure for a really good example.&quot;The funny thing is that most of the example code is taken up by servlet overhead.  Everything calls doProcess, etc.  I don't need to see that code 10x.As it stands, I'm giving it a '1' because the examples are so poorly done as to make the book practically worthless to me.  I know I don't speak for everyone considering the rave reviews this book has gotten, but it certainly was not a match for my particular learning style.
If you are looking for a book that will depress you, House of Fog and Sand is the ticket. Compared to this book, the fiction of Thomas Hardy is comical.  The story revolves around three people, all of who are problematic to begin with. The first half largely tells their story in split sections, focusing on Kathy and Lester for a few pages and then on Col. Behrani. It doesn't quite work. The Colonel's section has too many obscure references to Iranian culture and the author does not quite pull off the difference in language use between native Americans and the Iranian. The basis for the plot is also suspect.  San Mateo County makes a mistake and sends a bill to the wrong person (Kathy) who ignores the requests and then loses her house. Not likely.But what makes the book problematic for me (and apparently for a lot of other reviewers) is the unrelieved misery and sense of impending doom.  What happens really does not have to happen; solutions could have been found, but things just go from bad to worse until the inevitable happens.
This book is short on specifics of both Cloud Computing and SOA. It is certainly not a guide to either. Lots of buzz-words with few (or any) concrete examples. A few of the concepts are truly bizarre, like "testing as a service", "information as a service", and "process as a service". Also the treatment of key issues in cloud computing such as database access, file systems, and bulk data storage is so trivial as to be misleading. If you are looking to get educated on cloud computing, or how to map a SOA on to the cloud look somewhere else.
Of all the books I have read this one reminds me of baseball most. I heard it once said of baseball that it is three minutes of action packed into four hours. This book is seven simple thoughts packed into 94 insipid pages. The "Who Moved My Cheese" bookmark I was given with the book delivered the same concepts as the book. The bookmark, however, presented the concepts more succinctly and just as well.The problem is not the idea of embracing change. The idea that we should expect, anticipate, and embrace change is valuable. The problem is in the way the author chose to present it. While the story of the mice was cute, it would have been tolerable if it was presented as part of a text that dealt with the benefits of change and an analysis on why people are resistant to change. Instead, the story of the mice is couched in a story of some people at a class reunion. The people at the reunion superficially discuss the application of the ideas in the mouse story. Early in the book an individual disagrees with the "group think" and is ridiculed in the book, a handy way for the author to deal with dissent.How much better this book could have been if a more disciplined discussion of change was included. This book is such an oversimplification of the issue change that it is virtually worthless. Again, save your time and money; buy the bookmark. It is just as helpful as the book.
Let me first say that I love J.M. Coetzee, I think that Waiting for the Barbarians is one of the finest books I've ever read, and I think he is one of the finest living writers around, fully deserving of the Nobel prize.However, I hated Disgrace.  I can appreciate the writing at times, but all I remember of the book is a disgusting, morally bankrupt main character, his fat daughter, pointless, unsatisfying sex and violence, and the fact that the book has a non-ending.  It is all gloom and doom and misery, and we're supposed to accept this as a masterpiece.  Ridiculous.I think this book is terrible and I'd encourage readers to explore his other books before they read this.
I found this book to be a real let down. I am amazed at how incomplete even the very basic guidelines are. There is no study of either Marketing or other theories and practices to establish guidelines and templates. For e.g. the Positioning template for products is vague. Anyone who has attended even a few classes in Marketing will know that any positioning statement for a product includes the standard format which is along the lines of and can be broken down in a single statement such as (Product / Service / Company / Person) is the one (your category) that provides (your target customer) with (your key benefit) because (reason to believe you can deliver the benefit). This is taught in one of the earliest classes in MBA. As another reviewer mentioned, key concepts are missing and there is no deep thought process applied.The entire book is subjective-talks of theories but we all know that Product Managment is a very tactical, hands on profession. That is missing from this book. Even if the theory was based on incorporation of thoughts that are industry standard, this book would be worth it. Unfortunately it is not.
Philosophy of using a more effective manner of speaking.  Concepts and techniques not useful to me.  For public speaking, not writing.
In White Noise, Don Delillo sets out to explore a topic that as relevant and fascinating today as it was when the novel was first written - our fast-changing and confusing world, where knowledge is ephemeral and technology has infiltrated every corner of our lives. While the message is clear and captivating, it repeatedly bludgeons the reader over the head. The characters are neither independent nor interesting. Rather than being human beings eliciting some kind of emotional reaction from the reader, they're used more like cheap conduits for the themes of the novel. The dialogue is often wooden and unnatural, and though it often touches on philosophical musings that would make the reader pause and think, the effectiveness of the message is compromised by how ludicrous it sounds coming out the mouths of these characters. Delillo uses satire well, and the bits of absurd humour do lighten an otherwise heavy load. The last thirty pages are a surrealistic romp that conveys the mood of the story far better than the rest of the novel preceding them. While the reader can appreciate Delillo's mastery of the language, one starts to wonder whether the novel suffers from an excess of a good thing.
So affected is White's prose in this novel that one is inclined to credit A. D. Hope's description of it as &#34;pretentious and illiterate verbal sludge&#34;. The word &#34;pretentious&#34; is right, even if the words &#34;illiterate&#34; and &#34;verbal sludge&#34; are not quite. &#34;Mannered&#34; and &#34;affected&#34; are the two words that I would be inclined to use in describing this novel. Only occasionally does the style appear suited to its subject -- an expedition to explore the interior of Australia. For the most part it seems silly or ridiculous. Though much is claimed for Voss -- he is the Devil, he is a Christian -- he is so bogged down in White's posturing it's impossible to take him seriously. The logistics of the expedition are hardly alluded to, as if such considerations were beyond the capacity of the writer. White spends all his time in an unremitting flight of exaggerating imagery, as if everybody was always tortured in doing the simplest thing -- passing from point A to point B. Now and then one laughs -- and for that White deserves a star or two, but the great novel which White's subject perhaps demanded, has not been written in this case.
It is very confusing and hard to follow. Just couldn't get thru it and gave up 1/3 way thru. Would not recommend it
There must be redemeeming material in this novel, as it is esteemed already.  However, I could not find it.  More simply, it left me with a bad taste.  All characters are pathetic and in my eye, found no redemption.  This is based on gut feeling alone, obviously: ugh.
My husband and I enjoy homebrewing, so I thought this would be a fun read about the history of beer and brewing, among other things. It wasn't. I couldn't get through it, and neither could my husband, despite a valiant effort -- I think it was the endless chapter about brewery mergers that did him in.
This is the first book I have read by RWL. I was expecting more substance. The read was incredibly short and RWL could have greatly extrapolated the story. Disappointing. Based on this short book alone, taken from her mother's material, I find LIW the better author and storyteller.
The concept is good (the Sweep series by Cate Tiernan testifies to that!), but the execution is poor. The characters don't seem alive and there is far too much passive voice and telling rather than showing. Later books in the series might be better, but this one just didn't work.
Frankly, a poorly written, poorly crafted, lame book--not worth writing a thing about at all!  The only thing frightful about this book really is how many readers found this book scary and or enjoyable.  Better to use this book for kindling prior to lighting the fire to read by and sitting down to a chiller Lumley, now that man can write!
I was disappointed. Having read all of his other books, and being very interested in both physics &amp; mediaeval history, I thought I'd love this book. The science parts are interesting, and the history seems well  researched, but the plot lets it down. The whole story seemed to be one  sword fight after another. The characterisations seemed a bit cartoonish  and one dimensional too, with the evil and brusque corporation head, the  wise college professor, the college students who are having the adventure  (including the brainy kid, the girl, the leader, &amp; the love-sick guy),  and the nasty soldiers who are plotting evil plots. They Must Be Stopped!  Before It's Too Late! Pass me a bucket...Mind you, with all the action  going on, I did keep turning the pages. But once it was finished, I didn't  feel like I'd read a great book. All in all, if this is turned into a  movie, it will be rated G, play in the school holidays, and will sell many  action figures.
I wanted so much to like this book.  From the title to the author's story, it was set up to be great.  It isn't.  It stinks.  I couldn't wait to get through it.The other one star reviewers are right:  You either love it or you hate it.  I love the title, I hate the book.
I was drawn in by Mark's subtle hints at salt's major influence in society from words such as 'salary' (worth your salt) to salt's comparability to other rocks, such as gold, but it was all these recipes and tips about brining meats and pickling this, that, and those, that led me to delete this rather slow and dehydrated read.
Having recently readFree: How Today's Smartest Businesses Profit by Giving Something for Nothing, I was looking for something a bit more in-depth. I didn't find it here. For a book written by two professors, and endorsed by four more on the back cover, I expected at least a couple of charts or graphs, plus some scholarly analysis. Unfortunately, what was delivered was a long magazine article with no analysis and few "facts," some of which are erroneous.Some examples:P. 132: "Tesco's (a leading British grocery store chain) Clubcard operation also used this data to send personalized coupons and other offers to every Clubcard household every quarter, a huge operation that accounts for more than 6% of the UK's annual postal volume." Using the  13 million household number found on page 131, this means that annual UK postal volume would be about 867 Million pieces. Unfortunately, according to Royal Mail Holdings, Royal Mail delivers more than 84 million pieces of mail PER DAY, meaning the quoted statistic is off by a factor of more than 35X. For the statistic to be true, Tesco would have to mail more than 5 Million pieces per day, or two pieces per member household per week, more than 100 pieces per member household per year. Other "facts" similarly lack the most rudimentary checks.P. 102: "As good as the traditional pricing system works..." Back in 5th grade, they taught us that should be "As well as..." A nit, but expectations are high for a $34.99 book of under 210 pages. Actually, this chapter "The Automatic Markdown" is one of the better chapters in the book, discussing the history and application of the Filene's and Sym's system of lowering prices for women's fashions according to a fixed schedule announced in advance. But this chapter fails as the book fails: despite the interesting discussion, not one chart compares the pricing or profits of Filene's Basement with the rest of the Filene's chain, or with that of other retailers. Indeed, on page 109 the author states, "Even the Filene's Basement branches that opened outside Boston in the late 1970's untimately stopped using the store's unique pricing structure." Wow-a pricing system that became world famous at a single store location didn't work at other branches of the same chain? Why? The authors offer no analysis, not even suggesting possible reasons. Even an undergraduate paper on this topic would offer guesses.According to the index, Apple Computer is mentioned on pages 90, 169 and 172. Apple's iTunes, iPod and iPhone offer multiple different case study opportunities for a book on pricing, and indeed a quick web search uncovers a number of useful and detailed analyses of Apple's pricing strategy. Unfortunately, the professors chose not to offer any analysis in this book, instead devoting just four lightweight paragraphs to the world's most highly valued technology company, and providing only a handful of well worn facts. When you can find better analysis on the web than in an allegedly scholarly book, you can be pretty sure the book has missed its mark.Because the title mentions Google, you might expect some level of insight and analysis into Google's famous pricing models. Unfortunately not. According to the index, Google is covered on pages 41-44. Here are some telling excerpts from those pages: "...why does Google stick with this model? It's not because Sergey Brinn, one of the young co-founders, was born in the old Soviet Union and is nostalgic for communism. Nor because the company shares the utopian idea of some of the early Internet developers that information somehow deserves to be free." What follows is several hundred words about what Google headquarters building looks like, how Fortune rated Google the best company to work for in the United States in 2008, how employees receive free laundry service and haircuts, and Google's market valuation. There is even a quote, from a FICTIONAL CHARACTER (Gordon Gecko from the movie Wall Street). But not one word of actual analysis on Google's pricing models. This is just one example of the non-content that fills this book.The closing words of this scarce information on Google are found on page 44: "...advertising displayed alongside a search for keywords 'marketing consultant' currently runs at $4.00 per click-through, while 'price consultant' is available at the bargain rate of $2.89." As usual, the authors got it wrong. The market determines the price of Google ads. This price difference is not indicative of a "bargain," but instead the voice of the market describing with great precision the relative value of ads targeting those search terms, on the day the comparison was made. Neither the authors (nor their editors at Wharton School Publishing!) seem to understand this distinction, making them singularly unqualified to write a book on pricing.Recommendation: To satisfy your curiosity about pricing, read Chris Anderson'sFreeinstead. It makes no pretense to be scholarly or analytical, but delivers far more content at a substantially lower price. Then, readGetting to Plan B: Breaking Through to a Better Business Model, a book full of clear analysis, recommendations and examples about how to get price and other aspects of your business plan right. The latter book, in particular, is a good example of what a 240-page business book should be: content rich, well vetted, solid analysis, lots of examples. In short, exactly what Smart Pricing fails to deliver.
Its an okay book. My only problem is the author provides a lot of scripts and selling techniques that use lies to manipulate people. For example he recommends pretending you may want to buy a home as a personal investment when calling of FSBOs who advertise &quot;no brokers&quot;. Its also a very old book and some of the stuff that worked in the 80s doesnt work any more.
The cover of this book says "The Root of Thought", "Unlocking glia The brain cell that will help us sharpen Our Wits, Heal Injury and Treat Brain Disease" unfortunately there is nothing in this book that validates any of those claims.It is unclear what audience the author had in mind. It is too complex for a layman and over simplified for anyone with any knowledge of neuroscience. It comes down to glia has calcium currents and we don't know what role it plays as it hasn't been studied.I was disappointed by this book and forced myself to finish it in case it got better. It didn't.I found this book almost painful to read with its mixed metaphors and bad humor " It is wise to listen to a guy who'll go as far as to cover his own eyes with tin foil." Regarding Volta. Or "Shocking the hell out of you will surely get you out of a funk." Regarding shock treatments for depression,. Or regarding statistical significance  "a scientific term to mean that it was "pretty different enough to say that it means something" or talking about the front cortex.... OuchSome of the history is interesting, however, I have to wonder how accurate it is.If you are hoping to have the claims on the cover fulfilled, don't hold your breath.This book does give inspiration to aspiring authors. If this book got published, anyone can.
As a professional investor, broker and appraiser of real estate with 35 years experience, I would laugh at sections of this book were it not that some readers will put their money where Dawson's mouth is. Errors abound. One small error is Dawson confuses interest rate with mortgage constant. If one is not prepared to feed one's investment, the difference is between making a profit (mortgage constant) and going broke (interest rate).Many of Dawson's statements make it difficult to believe he has ever actually purchased and owned real estate for investment. I can guarantee he has not done so on the West coast, at least not in the manner described or with the tactics he promulgates.Run, don't walk, away from this book.
This book is simply the worst.  John David Jackson needs to fight with Griffiths in a cage match.  I would pay $10 to see that on pay-per-view... and I'm a pacifist.  Seriously, though, this is really a terrible book.  It is used at Ohio State University in their E&M sequence and everyone I know uses "Classical Electrodynamics" by Jackson to actually learn the material and then uses Griffiths to read the assigned homework problems.  If what you want is an intuitive grasp of E&M without having to work too hard - this is PERFECT.  But, if you are a serious physics student that wants to go to grad school and you are looking for a rigorous text, then dropping $100 on Griffiths is simply the worst decision you can make.  The arguments are hand waving, the motivation is unclear, and the theory of electromagnetism (one of the most beautifully complete physical theories) is ripped apart and disjointed in an effort to hide slightly more complicated mathematics.  But, like I said, for some people that is fine because that is all they need.  So decide, is that what you want?
I read 32 pages of this book on what should be an exciting topic and was bored to the point that I counted the number of pages listing references and stuff (just shy of 100).  When it takes five days to read 32 pages, it is a sign that there's a problem.  It's a text book style where the subject is lost among tons of facts that are repeated and referenced rather than stating them and moving on.  I found another book on the the same subject that flows and moves and keeps my interest and is literally a page turner.  It is Queen Eleanor: Independent Spirit of the Medieval World by Polly Schoyer Brooks.  It's more of novel than boring facts with an academic vocabulary.  In 7 pages, I've found out more and care more about the people being written about than in Weirs tome.  I don't HATE Weirs book, but will steer clear of any others written by her.  Thirtytwo pages was more than enough.
It's very informative for sure, but good luck staying awake trying to read it.  In all honesty, I only made it through about 1/2 the book.  I found 'Cod' a much more enjoyable read....
See the film with Bill Murray insteadThe Razor's Edge. This book is so pretentious and over-written I had to finally put it down after making it halfway through. In the book, for example, when Isabel visits Larry's room in Paris and asks him about all the reading he's been doing, he launches into a long and unbearable soliloquy about all the things he's learned from his reading; Murray simply says "I skim them." What Maugham says with five pages, Bill Murray says with a sentence, a gesture or a facial expression.
Rushdie's Midnight's Children is one of my favorite books of all time. Maybe that makes my disappointment with his recent works so much stronger. Where he has so effectively dealt with the theme of the Indian Diaspora (of which I am member), he has just as ineffectively rendered America. I think he just doesn't 'get' the US.Aside from the uncompelling way in which he portrays America, the book fails to deliver on the &quot;Fury&quot; it promises. Actually, it never rises to more than mild irritation. Maybe &quot;Annoyance&quot; would be a more accurate title.In addition, the &quot;sci-fi&quot; story the main character creates is laughable. And he has the nerve to dis &quot;Star Wars&quot;? As for the tie in to the 'real life' rebel insurrection? It's a poorly developed commentary on media impacting life. Where the magical powers of the characters in Midnight's Children contribute to the story, the &quot;magic&quot; of the puppets amounts to little more than a card trick.If you want top form Rushdie, start with Midnight's Children or Grimus. Even reading his collection of essays &quot;Imaginary Homelands&quot; is time better spent.
The authors give both the ideal of what top executives should be doing and how auditors should be auditing,according to the rules of the market system, then show the changes that took place in these roles in the 1990's and why these changes developed, and the serious consequences the changes have for American businesses.
The new rules for business writing can be summed up as "write at a 5th grade level".  That is my summary, not the summary of this book.It seems that in this fast paced world, no one takes the time to really READ any more.  Writing in business is necessarily short and to the point.  This book gives guidelines for this sort of writing.  What I was looking for was something with more substance to it.  Sometimes writing short sentences using simple words just doesn't get the point across adequately.This book delivers what it promises, which are the rules for writing memos and web pages that get a point across quickly before the reader is off onto something else.  sorry, but I just object to this sort of writing.I was hoping for something that would help with writing clearly, but this is just a collection of quick ideas that would be useful for short attention spans.  What other reviewers liked about this book is exactly what I did not like.
This could have been a great book, if it were not for the serious errors. The example questions, review questions, and tests seem quite uesful and the overall presentation seems fine, but how can it be trusted with these types of language errors? (following is a small sample)page 71: Example 2-12 will not compile because &quot;Tree&quot; is in another package and needs to be referenced as &quot;Flora.Tree&quot;. The answer says that it *will* compile and run.page 58: The outdated all-caps &quot;COM.&quot; is used to begin packages, instead of the lower-case form.page 125: Table 5-2 gives grossly incorrect lower bounds for the primitive types.page 130: This is said to create an array of Strings:String[] attendees = new String(numAttendees);// error: should be: &quot;new String[numAttendees]&quot;page 133: says that the following &quot;will compile successfully&quot;:double[][] identityMatrix = {{ 1.0, 0.0, 0.0 }{ 0.0, 1.0, 0.0 }{ 0.0, 0.0, 1.0 }};  // error: no commas!
In real life, how often does the rich, successful husband want to come back to the worthy wife?  In real life, how often does the fat moving guy end up not only losing weight but also -- surprise! -- having a degree in astrophysics from MIT?  'Nuf said.
This book is more on investing in stocks/bonds/futures/... and not on hedge funds at all. There is a whole lot of material on risk/reward-ratio's, small/large caps, taxes, trading psychology, ... but very little material on hedge funds. If you're interested in reading about investing in general and how stock investing works you might give this one a try, but just don't expect to read all about hedge funds.If you want a good book on hedge funds:- Jim Cramer - Confessions of a Street addict- Barton Biggs - Hedgehogging- Faber - The Ivy portfolio (it contains just 1 chapter on hedge funds but it will give you more information on hedge funds than this book does)
With such a promising title, I had high hopes for this book. Unfortunately, this book misses on all points. The philospohical angle is flawed from the start and the ideas put forward were long ago proven to be wrong. This book definately did NOT transform the business of my life or the life of my business.
I will not dispute Iris Murdoch's talent as a writer.  She is brilliant because she is able to sketch an intricate psychological portrait of a deeply flawed and frankly, despicable character.  Some readers (most) will be thoroughly engaged with the narrator Charles Arrowby, a retired theatre director, who is writing an autobiography.  What is remarkable about this novel is that the reader is always privy to the character's self-deception - his excuses, his motives, and his questionable actions although Charles is often oblivious to them.My contention with this novel is with its entertainment value.  My admiration of Murdoch's style increased as my dislike for Charles built.  Only a truly talented writer could created and persist with a character as loathsome as Charles Arrowby.  His encounters with characters from his past illuminated just what a monster he is and reminded me of people I knew in my own life.So it was an ironic situation where in the end, I had to abandon the book at pg 148 because I no longer wanted to keep company with Charles.  I found him too intolerable.  My criticism is a double-edged sword - on one hand, it demonstrates the power of Murdoch's writing.  She is able to infuse the character with so much life that I couldn't stand him anymore.  On the other hand, it made me stop reading.  It's a strange situation.I would not recommend this novel to those who have never read any of Murdoch's novels at all.
As a DIY guide for building class-B solid state audio power amps, this book has some merit. However, the author takes a great deal of space to attack the high-end audio business, denigrate vacuum tubes, and denounce &quot;audio subjectivism&quot;. There are those who will consider these worthy goals, but even they wil be disappointed in his eighth-grade forensics as he sets up strawmen with little facility.His foreword clearly brings to mind William Burroughs' famous comment on which  people, should one elect to do business with them, you should get any statements they make in writing!If for some reason you want to etch circuit boards and fabricate heatsink assemblies to build a type of amp you can buy from Crown or Peavey for less than the parts would cost a hobbyist, Slone's book is somewhat useful. His presentation of the theory is less comprehensible than that of Douglas Self, and assumes a reasonable amount of solid-state theory and the basics of feedback and stability, which many project-oriented hobbyists will lack.However, there are numerous better works on the theory and practice of solid-state amplification,should one wish to repair them or actually design one, and any discussion of the respective merits of solid-state versus tube amplifiers in audio service still starts with Russell O. Hamm's definitive JAES paper, &quot;Tubes versus Transistors: Is There a Difference?&quot;. It's interesting that Slone does not cite or acknowledge this document anywhere in this book, or in any other.It's worth noting that although there are many solid state amp designs hobby builders have constructed with excellent sonic reviews-published designs by Nelson Pass and Norman Thagard as well as clones of Quad and Krell commercial amps-probably twenty times as many tube amplifiers as solid-state are constructed by American hobby builders each year. I have built both and had success with both, and surprisingly, having started in hobby construction as a hard-core tube obsessive, I now think solid state has the edge. Slone's book, ultimately, does the case of solid state little good. Tube amplifiers are easier to build for most hobbyists, easier to fix, and their sonic flaws are invariably more euphonic than those of solid state amplifiers: solid state takes a lot more discipline to get right. By denying these obvious facts, Slone puts tube buffs in an even more confrontational position, which does no one any good.
This Kindle edition is missing words and has words wrong in the first paragraph!  However, there is another free version with a melon colored cover that is OK.
The characters were lifeless, with no depth. It was hard to finish. i just didn't care whether I finished it or not
I really didn't care for this book for what it was supposed to be: a look at modern Paganism. Too much of the time, I felt like I was sitting in an especially dry sociology class, learning about strange and exotic people who aren't in very close contact with reality. I felt she made Pagans look a little stranger than we really are... but maybe the Pagans I know aren't quite as &quot;exotic.&quot;The scope of the book is broad, and persons interested in an overview of Paganism will surely get an education. Perhaps the christian fundamentalists could read this and see that they have nothing to fear. If you *really* want an overview of &quot;American Pagans today,&quot; save yourself the money and surf the 'Net instead.
The book cover was terribly misleading. It featured cartoon pink pig eyes and the title was &#34;Travels through Paraguay.&#34; so I expected travel and cultural humor as the author had various adventures while roaming/discovering the country. Wrong. The book repeats the same storytelling structure over and over. The author goes to a place and tells the political/military history. The author then goes to that place and tells the political/military history. The author goes to yet another place and tells the political/military history. The history was well told, but such a vast amount got old quickly and became a jumble of names and sad, horrific, illogical, demented events.There are very few current day people mentioned and usually only because they are related to an important political/military figure. We never learn how the author knew them or got in contact with them or what their lives were about. There was very little connection to the author as a person - what he hoped to get out of the trip, how he knew the language, what he felt about many situations, how he knew to travel the way he did, why he wanted to go to these places, why he did not balance all the history with more info about current life. He just seemed to know what he needed to know. There was nothing to learn but history.
This book sounded very interesting when I read the reviews.  However, there's not a lot of substance once you get into it.  Dozens of women are profiled (Ms. Hanson's 85 Broads) in a very superficial way.  I didn't find much of anything new or interesting in any of the profiles.  The jacket blurb for this book is overwritten and the book fails to deliver what's promised.  Don't bother.
J.D. Salinger's last published work is more than 43 years old now, and still stirs many in the same absent way Seymour Glass animates his brother Buddy in this pair of stories first published in 1963. Are both cases of delusional devotion?In the first story, "Raise High The Roof Beam, Carpenters," originally published in The New Yorker in 1955, we get what amounts to Salinger's first deep-dish treatment of the Glass family saga ("Zooey" saw print later, and previous stories featuring the Glasses were far less insular) as Buddy shows up for Seymour's wedding, only to find Seymour stood up his bride. In the second piece, 1959's "Seymour: An Introduction," Buddy foregoes any semblance of plot to explain who Seymour was.Like a lot of other people, I am put off by the convoluted nature of "Seymour," as well as the explanations of those who defend it. Actually, there could be something to the idea of writing a plotless story, using characters like the Glasses people know from other works, but this is assuredly not it. Salinger too obviously indulges himself, spouting contempt at his generation and his critics, throwing up lame jokes and referencing obscure Japanese poets as a smokescreen to conceal his literary, intellectual, and metaphysical nakedness."What a marvelous convenience it would be if writers could let themselves describe their characters' clothes, article by article, crease by crease," Salinger writes in the role of Buddy, pretty much summing up the approach of "Seymour" as well as its underlying failure. His interest in his subject is not only all-consuming, it is not all that deep."Raise High" is a better story, though that's not saying much. "Franny And Zooey," the previously published Salinger book, also combined a better story with a weaker one, but there at least you got one terrific story in "Franny," a bold, empathetic tale of power and focus. "Raise High" doesn't know where it's going, and is in no hurry to get there. You get nice asides, like when Buddy sees an old chair and remembers a beloved bulldog, long dead, who slept there and left his chewmarks. There's also some arresting ambiguity, as when Buddy reads Seymour's journal and we get maybe a suggestion of unease at some apparent insanity.But "Roof Beam" doesn't end so much as fizzle away, with Buddy snoozing in an empty apartment after the mystery of Seymour's absence has been resolved via an unseen phone call. Emptyness is a recurrent theme in Salinger's Glass writings, here as in "Franny & Zooey," where various Glasses are often seen in isolation thinking or writing about absent kin. For such a happy family, there's an overwhelming sadness about the Glasses that suggests Salinger found himself in a bit of a dead end with them, one from which he never emerged. Further evidence of this can be found in the web-available "Hapsworth 16, 1924," Salinger's last public blast, published in The New Yorker in 1965.Salinger was one of the most important American writers of our lifetime, not to mention a seminal figure of our culture, but his greatness lies elsewhere, not here. Read this only if you are a Salinger completist, or else interested in the price genius can extract from its recipients.
I must read everything from Any other text book to understand clearly what Artin is saying in his book. can you believe it? Few definitions are described clearly, few theorems are proved in a logic-clear, easy-to-follow way. More importantly many useful properties of Ring, Field are not included in his book, but in the problems you have to find those out totally by yourself for the sake of solving the problems. Also, the textbook is NOT well- orginized. A typical exmaple, Artin has not yet tell the reader basic informations and properties of Ring of Polynomial in one variable, but he starts to describe the structure of Ring of Polynomial in 2 or more variables. The two are quite different. My mind was completely mixed up since I do not have extremely high IQ. I believe, your knowlege of Ring and Field will be very limited and remain unclear if you use Artin's book only. Abstract Algebra is a hard topic. You should not use a book which is definitely not a help for you but rather a trouble for you. Artin may be a famous mathematician, but he is not a good educator. He doesn't know how to coach students in a good manner.
This book is on the California Schools approved reading list.  My Freshman was assigned this book for her honors reading list.  She was warned that there "were a few swear words" in it.  She asked me to pre read it for her.  This book is VILE.  I have only read to the end of Part 1, approximently 1/3 of the way thru the book.  Already I have read about the rape of a 12YO, the near rape of a 17YO, more swear words than I have heard in a year, the intimate pornographic details of a husband and wife's sexual exchange and now the very detailed account of the rape of the same 17YO again.  This book while having some cultural redeaming factors should not be fed to our children as literature. There are so many way that this subject matter could have been presented with just as much effect without the sexual content.  I am sure that the author was not intending this to be read by children and for adults if this is the sort of reading they enjoy then by all means it is an honest look into the society we live in.  However. as a parent this is not something that my 14YO daughter should be asked to read by the school district.  Please if your child is asked to read this make an immediate appointment with the teacher and request an alternate option.  (Examples: page 65-67 and 141-142 so that you can decide for yourself)
I think perhaps you need a psych degree to enjoy this book.  I felt like I was reading a text book the whole time.  It was boring and I didn't feel like I was learning very much.  I try to make it a point to finish a book that I start, but I wish I'd broken that rule with this one.
This is Murakami Haruki's meditation on running, which seems to be an activity that is just as important to the acclaimed novelist as writing. It is written in his usual writing style, which is casual, comfortable and chatty, and he regularly uses some of his favourite repetition markers, such as "as I have already mentioned..." and others, phrases that would be a sign of a bad writer or quickly edited out if they weren't coming from a writer as popular and critically-acclaimed as Murakami. The book is largely anecdotal, but also attempts to present big ideas about the meaning of running, the meaning of writing, and the meaning of life. It is as its most enjoyable when it is at its lightest and most shallow, when it describes the look and feel of things and the little patterns and routines of daily life. Ultimately, however, it is a dull and meandering mini-book that is coyly self-referential as it goes through a laundry list of running-related events without any apparent direction, and his attempts at giving some meaning to his running come off as a bit nonsensical. It is often clinical in its description of running, and Murakami actually describes his passion quite passionlessly. Certain passages are better than others, and his description of running on Kauai island in Hawaii makes me want to go there quite badly. He is at his finest when he ruminates on other runners that he admires greatly, and I can feel his frustration at describing the tragic loss of two young runners, newlyweds, in a traffic accident. His description of his life is also quite interesting; his youth as a jazz club owner, his memory of the moment he decided to write a novel and his years as an early writer, his extreme devotion to whatever it is that he is doing, and some aspects of his relatively cosmopolitan lifestyle. And just as much as any writer, you get a good sense from reading this book of how he controls his life-regimen: no more cigarettes, limited drinking, limited diet, in bed before 10 and up before sunrise in order to run and write while the day is still young. It seems like a dull, stoic lifestyle but, ironically, also one that I envy as a fellow writer who is still struggling to publish his first novel and who also counts running as an interest and a preferred activity. Admittedly, I haven't finished reading this book - I read the first half or so while on vacation in Taiwan, staying in a house where someone had a copy of the book - and I might still finish reading it if I ever come across another copy. Like the rest of his books, there's nothing that leads me to believe that anything in the second half will illuminate what is in the first half.
As an avid reader of Michael Crichton's novels, I was disappointed when I read &quot;Timeline&quot;.  This latest book is an attempt to postulate what it would be like if humans were able to travel into the past.  Crichton, as usual, has researched this area of science and created a plausible story around a fictional company, ITC.  This company has the technology to send people back inot the past.  But, as usually happens, something has gone wrong.  A group of scienctists are charged with the task of rescuing their professor by returning to the late 14th century French countryside.While the story is a good one, the novel has many bad points. The novel seemed chaotic and poorly put together.  It jumped back and forth between the two differnet time periods.  It was rather annoying to be engrossed in one time and then jarred back into another.I also felt that the story dragged a bit.  The scientists were caught and escaped way too many times.  They seemed to be very lucky throughout the novel.Many parts of the story could have been explained more.  For instance, the involvement of Robert Deckard.  It just seems like Crichton did not edit this story.  Almost like he turned in his first draft and it was published.The book was o.k.  I'm sure when the movie comes out this fallmany things will be different.  Unfortunately, Crichton allows many changes in screenplays of his books. That, and this book are quite a dissapointment.
I strongly urge anyone who has any rotory wing time not to buy this book.  It is completely introductory in nature.  The only usefulness might be for someone before they undergo rotary wing training to gain and understanding  of what a rotary wing training program is about.The back cover boasts  that this book is &quot;an ideal supplement to ground school  training.&quot;  But, it is not.  There's nothing in this book you do not  learn in pilot school.  If you're looking for supplemental information, I  would suggest &quot;The Art and Science of Flying Helicopters.&quot;  That  is a book I would consider supplemental because it offers a different  perspective on aerodynamics and maneuvers.  But this &quot;Learning to Fly  Helicopters&quot; book does not offer anything new.  It does not offer a  unique enough insight to justify it even having been published to begin  with.
This is an excellent book to learn Spanish grammar.  It is a good adjunct to your other texts, etc.  Writing is clear and thorough.  Love it  and use it all of the time.
I have mixed feelings about this book.  On one hand, the writers are extremely detailed and knowledgeable about the subject matter.  Their hypotheses are clearly laid out and backed up by many, many (MANY!!) numbers.  However, I cannot recommend this book for one simple reason.  In the book's introduction, the authors claim this book was written for the lay reader, unlike its earlier predecessor, which they say was written for a more scholastic audience.  I feel that if the authors made an effort to make this book understandable to the lay reader, they succeeded.  If their intent was to make it understandable and interesting, they failed miserably.  The book is monotonous (odd for a book with three authors) and extremely dry.  If you are working on a project in statistics or global studies of some kind, you could not find a better book.  If you are seeking more knowledge on cultures, organizations, and how people relate to each other, there are plenty better books than this one.
I've read many, many WW2 memoirs, and while this one conjures up a few memorable scenes I really didn't like it very much. For one thing, Hillary was just an immature kid when he lived through much of the book, and only slightly more mature when he looked back upon it when writing the book. Too much of the book is like listening to two not very bright freshman debate religion or politics.I do agree that he paints a vivid picture of the early days of the Battle of Britain, when the kids didn't really know that most of them were going to die. On the other hand, Hillary doesn't seem to actually relate to all those others who had already died in France before his turn to fight came. Too busy rowing at Oxford it sounds like.The actual air combat portion of the book is brief, the hospital recuperation details only a bit longer. The rest of the book is his attempt to describe the growth in his own understanding of himself (i.e. "growing up"?).I much prefer books by grown-ups, where they've had time to develop a keener insight into their own past. There are plenty of better books by other RAF pilots from later in the war.
This book is so boring, I feel tempted to say it is as easy to read as the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili itself.Chapter after chapter of continuous flashbacks of the characters past lives and experiences in such a way that is absolutely easy to lose track of the overall story. I can say, in fact, that 60 percent of this book is made of either flashbacks or irrelevant information.Furthermore, in the final chapters the authors (probably acknowledging that the book was getting too dense with all the parallel stories) decide to give away in an abrupt manner the information we had been waiting for during the last 200 pages.Positive thing is, with all the information we are given concerning the characters, by the time the romance comes to its conclusion we feel quite fond of those characters and the destiny the authors planed for them. It's like we've known them and their lives for ages.But alas, this book is not about a love story. It's supposed to be about a mystery hidden in the encrypted words of a book for centuries, and concerning this tiny part of the story (which was supposed to be the main plot) we reach the end and we feel like saying "Oh ... ok, then!".Nice try for a couple of young graduates, though. Yet, I hope they learn from their mistakes before writing their next book.
This book sucks add. Don't buy it, it's nothing like middle school at all. I need more words, this sucks
I gave it 2 stars because i liked the packing and the quality of this deck set. thats it!1-now let me start from the book. if you are looking for deep astrology explanation and details or you want to use this set as astrology tool? then this set not for you. as oracle reading tool? nothing to do with cards, only it explains general info of how to use the card which you can ask only 2 questions, signs, houses and planets that's it!very short explanation and do not relate to the cards or use them along the cards. and please i can read those info online.2- the cards? ah here is the part i hated most. first you have to divide the cards into 3 parts and chose from each pile a card (the pile of house, planets and signs) and what i get at the end? a quote? i have to put the 3 cards from each thin pile to get a quote? sorry not even a quote...ull get something like "you are affected by a friend" really?as a tarot lover i find this set not deep or interesting at all. for people who like fun astrology cards well thats for them.
I was attracted to the cover of this book as it sat on the New Fiction shelf at the library where I work.  After reading the description, I should have known better, but decided to broaden my horizons and do a little "beach reading".  After the first 3 chapters, I wanted to put the book down.  Tracie was obnoxious, juvenile and I had an impossible time believing that she was out of high school.  Do grown women actually act like this?  I've never met one so completely, frustratingly moronic.  Jon- talk about a one-dimensional character.  Gosh, a computer nerd who works 80 hours a week and hasn't gotten laid since the Reagan administration- how unique.Their relationship was implausible, as was their dialogue, their jobs, their friends, etc etc  etc.After a few more chapters, I kept groaning to my husband who said, "Just put it down.  Give up!"  But I never put a book down.  This should have been a first.I was disturbed by Jon's bed hopping. Given the fact that all Tracie's friends/ Jon's conquests knew about each other, could EVERY SINGLE ONE have been so taken in by "Jonny"'s amazing charms that they didn't care???? Could all of them have been so repulsively spineless and brainless that they couldn't have a backbone and be a real woman and get a REAL man?There were absolutely no likeable characters, the plotline was straight out of a bad 80s movie (and apparently another book!) and the errors were glaring.  Worst part is, if you read the acknowledgements Goldsmith actually thanks someone for the info on Seattle "hot spots".Ugh.  My first book by Goldsmith and it would take some strong convincing to get me to pick up another.  I will be recommending to everyone I know- if you must read this book, get it at the library: the fact that it's free dampens the pain.
Keegan's an overrated historian and this isn't one of his better efforts. He does detail certain figures well but, as with his WW II survey book, the book jumps around and there really isn't a comprehensive flow to it. In addition, he deliberately skips many central points of the invasion and it's aftermath in order to include information on other units smaller scale exploits. This book should only be read along with a much better account, such as the book by Carlo D'Este.
I have been reading about the Civil War for almost 50 years. Despite what most of the other reviews of this biography state, I consider this book the most superficial review of Generals R.E. Lee and U.S. Grant that it has ever been my misfortune to read. However, I do agree with another reviewer that some parts of the book appear to be fictionalized. The book also includes many errors. In fact, the only reason I finished the book was my interest in seeing how many other errors I could pick out.For example, I seriously doubt that U.S. Grant spent months attempting to take Vicksburg with a northern, overland attack, and several river-borne attacks that were only meant to mislead the Confederates, so that he could finally attack the city by bypassing it and landing further south. I am a great admirer of U.S. Grant, but if he showed up at my house today and told me that the above was true, I would call him a liar.  Yet this is exactly what the author suggests Grant did.Another example, the author claims on one page that a formation of 17,000 Union cavalry was the greatest number of cavalry ever assembled in the *world*. I bet the Mongols would find that amusing.A third error... The author mentions more than once that 10,000 Union troops died in the attack at Cold Harbor. Meanwhile, every other Civil War historian uses the figure of 7,000. Are they all wrong?Enough examples, if you want to read good biographies about Lee and Grant then there are a number of them out there, including Grant's own autobiography. A good one-book biography isThe Rise of U.S. Grant, and there is an excellent trilogy:Captain Sam Grant,Grant Moves South, andGrant Takes Command
I couldn't even finish the sample chapter. This doesn't read like the voice of someone with Asperger's. It reads like a condescending stereotype of how people think someone with Asperger's thinks. Like literary black face, it doesn't humanize people on the Autism spectrum or truly represent them as whole, and complex individuals. It portrays them as two-dimensional, unsympathetic caricatures.
First, the good news:1. I lost 8 pounds in two weeks on this diet, even with the occasional skim latte and granola bar.2. Following it wasn't logistically impossible, as some have complained. Even as very busy grad students, my roommate and I were able to stick to it by making meals in advance and marking off on a daily list the things we were supposed to eat or drink throughout the day.3. I really liked the cranberry water, and still make it when cranberries are in season. I'm not much of a water drinker, but enjoy guzzling the cranberry water, so it helps me stay hydrated and cleansed.Now the bad news:1. I gained back all 8 pounds and more within the weeks following the diet, even though I eat little junk food.2. No noticable reduction in cellulite while I was on the plan.3. I frequently felt hungry or experienced cravings (hence the skim lattes and granola bars mentioned above). I was having fantasies of buying a loaf of crusty bread at my favorite bakery and tearing into it the minute I got into my car. Definitely not a good sign.4. As with all diets, food and body became an obsession.Finally, two things that made this experience somewhat worthwhile:1. I learned about cranberry water.2. It brought me a step closer to leaving the insane world of dieting. That was three years ago. I'm not and don't ever expect to be a size 8 like I wanted at that time, but I have no regrets.
There was no suspense, no build up to the plot. I didnt care one bit about the hero. Grisham needs to stop trying to put out a bk every 8 months and take the time to write a well thought out bk. He could have done great things with this plot. At 27.95 the bk is terribly overpriced unless proceeds are going to help the homeless he writes about.
I wish to dig a hole and bury it. All the nonsense to fill in the blanks of the story. Nothing too interesting and only 10% of the 400+ pages worth a read, the remaining were all junk. Please don't waste money and time on this obsure book.
THIS IS A WARNING, NOT A REVIEW!!!  altho' a mature professional historian of east asia, familiar with the japanese war in china, i could NOT read this book because of the horrific graphic descriptions of unspeakable cruelties, including to animals.  a great disappointment, as i dearly wanted to.  it seems to be beautifully written and historically accurate.  but a warning should be prominently displayed on the cover.  it is not the sort of violence one can skip over, either, as in "dum-de-dum-dum, here comes the murder, let's skip to the detectives coming in," but is instead tightly woven into the fabric of the narrative thru'out.  i do not mean to malign this work, but only to issue a necessary warning to the average person with the average sort of  stomach.  only guts of steel can tolerate this.
Everything was going well until the last two chapters. It was a Dystopian novel where boy meets girl he's not supposed to get involved with, Government intervenes (because the Government always knows best), how will our couple get out of this? It was part Milton, part Huxley, a bit sexist but given the time when it was written, that's to be expected. And then it took a dramatic turn and went off the deep end. It turned into an Alternative History/time travel novel, the nature of which bothered me due to its religous context. It could've been an A novel if the author had merely ended it a little sooner.
I admire Bill Clinton very much.  He's one of the greatest retail politicians of all time, and I agree with many of his policy positions.  He's a smart man with a lot to offer the world, so I looked forward to finally getting my hands on his autobiography.  And I'm so disappointed I don't even know where to begin.President Clinton has an impressive memory, but here he takes his talent for remembering facts and names to the extreme.  This book is very, very different from Obama's memoir Dreams of My Father because Obama has a knack for storytelling and a distinct voice.  President Clinton's book, on the other hand, reminds me of one of his speeches from his days in the White House: over done, self-pitying, too detailed, too narrowly focused.  He is a great leader and one of my favorite presidents (which is not the same as saying I think he's one of our greatest presidents), but this book is a failure on many levels.  He could have told us what it is really like to be a Rhodes Scholar or a 32-year-old governor, but he wastes hundreds of pages just listing names and dates and other facts we could have gotten from other sources.There are better books about Bill Clinton out there.  Go find them.
Bill Clinton is back. The question is whether the Monica Lewinsky scandal rose to the level of an Impeachable offense. Technically it did, but Senate Republicans said it was not serious enough to remove him from office. But the bottom line is that the American right believed that Clinton got away with many more serious crimes in Arkansas and in the White House. This included the "Clinton body count"; Mena; Whitewater; the Riady scandal; the Communist Chinese spy/fundraising scandals; drug dealers at White House parties; assaults and sex harrassment of women; character assassinations; illegal campaign contributions; affairs; Hillary's $1000 investment that in 30 days became 100 grand; and various other misdeeds. Conservatives were unable to pin any of it on the Clintons. Were they guilty of all of it? Probably not. Most of it? Maybe. It was frustration over his ability to get away with what he did get away with that pushed the conservatives into going after him on something they could nail him on.(...)
To the question  &#34;would you read this again&#34; the answer is a big fat NO.  I never got to reafd it the first time, due to some sort of problem with the book, every time I tried to read it, it would only let me either read chapter three, or the last page, nothing else.! So I returned it, UNREAD!  I cannot tell you if the story was good bad or indifferent, and so I cannot give it any stars, Amazon told me there was indeed something wrong with the book as they had had many complaints, and were taking it off purchase, whether they did or did not I cannot say.I hope this helps others to decide whether they want to try or not,Josie Lord
I was forced to read this book in nineth grade ela. It was the most boring pointless book that was ever published. It is about a boy named Jethro who is a farmer in the civil war . Jethero ends up joining the army and goes to war..... The end. I wont tell you what happens at the end but this book is written in old english and does not portray childrens thinking well. It is definately a bad book. The story is bad and so is the writing so the only reason we should be reading this book is to know an example of how not to write .
I found the book tedious and uninteresting. Got about 30 pages into it and decided not to torture myself any more.
I have not read this book, nor will I.  This isn't a review of the content, but a review of the license restrictions put on the material in this book.  As another reviewer pointed out, on page xix, "IBM has sole ownership of all the intellectual property described in this book, all of which is protected by U.S. patents, both granted and pending. All rights reserved, etc., etc."If I were to read this book, I would be 'tainted'.  Any future work I did in this space IBM could have some claim of ownership on.  I read a book to gain knowledge.  What good is knowledge if the book itself says I cannot use it without permission?
The Moon Is Down is a story of war.  Of a conquered people and their conquerors.  You cannot tell from the story when or where this book really takes place.  The British and Germans are involved but that is about all you can really tell.  The story is about a small town with a coalmine and the conquering forces trying to get coal out of the mine.  My issue with this story is that it was written in such a pedantic way that you never seem to make any progress.  And at the end, are you no further along than you were at the beginning (you still have people being occupied).  I finished reading it thinking it wasn't written very well, the plot was terrible and the characters never developed because they had no depth to begin with.  A real waste of my time.
I feel like I could read just about anything revolving around golf and I had heard a lot of good things about this book, so I entered with an open mind and just could not like it.  There wer parts that I enjoyed, but it is important to be interested in the unusual things to enjoy this.  If you are a fan of science fiction, or The Lord of the Rings or something a little off-beat spiritually, and you also like golf - then this may indeed be a very good book for you. In my opinion, the book tries too hard to put a serious discussion of the universal greatness of golf wrapped in a somewhat silly wrapper.
As one who relishes complex, engaging works of fiction which are character-driven and often quirky (such as those of Haruki Murakami), I can only surmise that Kirino's Japanese prose was poorly served by a translator with little gift for writing.  The narrative style was far too literal, much more like a cheap detective novel than a work of literary merit.  After about 50 pages, I no longer cared for the characters or their impending plight as described in the cover blurbs, and left my copy on the subway for someone else to enjoy.
Very disappointing after reading the reviews. A difficult read, hard to follow. Not even close to being as good as the DaVinci Code. Skip this one!!
This book was recommended to me as a wonderful historical fiction.  I read almost half of it when I realized that it was a stupid romance novel.  Are you kidding me?  Long, detailed descriptions of dirty, smelly, unwashed 18th century sex.  Women of that time died from bladder infections, pelvic infections, etc. from the filth of the day.  Hey, I love a good love story with some sexy sex, but, pleeese.  Sappy, adolesent, trite, immature, stupid.  I'll never get back the hours I wasted on this.  To bad, so sad.  If you must read a romance novel, I recommend Forever Amber.  After that, you'll never need to read another romance novel.  FA is the romance novel to end all romance novels.
The authors have done a good job of explaining in a very accessible way option strategies and hedging.  But, the authors have not supported their case that Buy & Hedge is superior to Buy & Hold.  Also, by keeping their topic digestible to the layperson they have overlooked all the technicalities that render option hedging far more challenging than they represented.Ok, here is how they think they support the superiority of Buy & Hedge.  They stated that they conducted a study in 2010 at TD Ameritrade.  They also indicated that their own record using that strategy for the past 3 years worked remarkably well during a most challenging market.  At their website, they do show that from January 2008 to August 2011, their track record beat the heck out of the S&P; 500. But, that is not good enough supporting evidence.  They disclose nothing about the TD Ameritrade study.  I suspect the vast majority of the clients are active investors and traders.  And, that none were passive investors invested in a well diversified portfolio of market indizes representing various asset classes.  Additionally, their own 3 year record is way too short to mean anything.  And, in both cases they do not disclose any data comparing Buy & Hedge vs Buy & Hold of a well diversified portfolio of various asset classses over a relevant period of time (20 years or so would be more like it).  So, based on their statements we can't tell if Buy & Hedge is such a superior strategy.Option hedging is a lot more challenging than the author suggests.  Let's go over the main hedging strategy they cover in chapter 21: Collars.  You are long a stock, you buy a Put to cover your downside, and you sell a Call to give up some of the upside to finance the premium of the Put.  On paper it is perfect.  You achieve zero premium portfolio insurance.  You have reduced the volatility of your return.  And, you are bound to achieve superior risk adjusted returns just as the author suggests.  Well, not so fast.  The option markets have certain feature that render this strategy far less effective than it sounds.  The option markets have a very strong skewness.  This means that to finance the Put you have to sell a lot more of the upside than you would care to.  Looking at actual data at Option Express on the S&P; 100 options, at the same premium level, the downside you have to keep is typically twice as large as the upside you can keep.  Let's say you buy a Put where you retain just a 10% downside risk.  Typically, to finance this Put you will have to sell a Call that lets you retain only 5% upside.  If your Put is at a 20% downside, the Call lets you retain just a 10% upside.  Those figures are not exact, but they are representative and conservative.  They are often even more skewed (Put at 20% Call at only 7% for the same premium).  Essentially, this skewness combined with the natural long term upward bias of the market renders this strategy far more challenging and less effective than the authors represented.Another challenge is that options are typically a lot more expensive than they should be.  Prices of options are driven mainly by volatility.  I should rephrase that to mean perceived volatility also called implied volatility. Implied volatility is often 50% higher than historical volatility.  That's a problem.  That means that options are way overpriced.  Combined with the skewness mentioned above, this is going to render the mentioned option hedging strategies even more challenging.In view of all of the above, the authors recommended strategies appear way out of reach for the layperson.  This is true for other reasons.  It is extremely time intensive.  They recommend you track your portfolio closely at least twice a week.  If you actually follow their recommendations of having specific Puts for every single stocks you own you will probably be engaged in your portfolio monitoring every single day (weekend probably included).  Option strategies are also associated with huge cash flows in and out of the market.  This is either because you exercise a Put or you are assigned one of your Calls; or it can be because of cash requirements to cover your maximum potential losses on Calls you sell.  Also, option strategies result in more frequent and large taxable events (mainly short term) vs a Buy & Hold strategy.If after all the warnings above you still feel this is a good strategy, I suggest you hire professionals to do it.  You will save hours a week of time.  And, you will achieve a far better performance than you could on your own at a very reasonable price.  There is a mutual fund that implements exactly the main strategy mentioned by the authors (the Collars mentioned above): Gateway Fund (GATEX).  GATEX is a successful mutual fund with a very long track record associated with reasonable costs (5% upfront sales load and 1% yearly operating expenses).So, is Buy & Hedge superior to Buy & Hold?  I am not so sure.  I compared the risk adjusted returns of GATEX with Vanguard Balanced Index (VBINX) that is 60% equity/40% bond through broadly diversified market indizes.  Depending on the time selection one can beat the other.  But, over the longest time series going back to 1987 (extended the VBINX record by using longer track record of underlying Vanguard indizes funds), the VBINX was clearly superior to GATEX even on a risk adjusted basis.  For the record, GATEX performance over the January 2008 to August 2011 period is not nearly as spectacular as the authors as disclosed at their website.  But, GATEX performance is publicly disclosed meanwhile the authors is not.  If you presume you could beat GATEX performance and replicate the authors', you may make a serious error.
This book came highly recommended from friends and family. I must be the black sheep because it did nothing for me (well - it did annoy me a lot). I disagree with many of the negative comments - I simply do not care if it's anti-Christian (it's anti-fundamentalist, and if Christians automatically assume she's refering to Christianity alone, if that's how her depiction of this fictional society immediately says "Christianity" to you, you might want to do a little soul searching on your choice of religion).  I dislike this book because the plot alone is so overdone and cliched (Orwell did it much better and with greater and quieter horror implicit in the plot). Atwood seems to think we need to be hit over the head with her point that fundamentalists in Western society (especially the U.S.) attribute every disaster to us just not being Right With God, and the solution to life's iniquities and tragedies is a return to the era of extreme religious control of society. I actually agree with her view, but the book is just too literal - the "mating" scene (as I call it) with handmaiden, husband and wife screams "Oh my god, isn't this AWFUL?".  Yeah, if I cared anything about the 2 dimensional characters, it would be. The evil are evil, the good are dull, and both extremes have no subtlety. It's also predictable and not very original premise that the sexually repressed think of little other than sex, and those that aren't having sex are a pretty surly bunch. The writing is self-conscious and the ending is so lame (forgive me, but it is the word that comes to mind -imagine it with all the condescending distain of a 15 year old). Unfortunately, it has prevented me from reading anything else by Atwood. I shouldn't allow it, but I don't think I could approach her work without trying to find fault with it.
I debated whether or not I should write a review.  After all, I only read the first 70 pages or so, after which I decided to stop slogging through this tedious novel.  However, since I assume most people who would buy and read this book are doing it for their own enjoyment, I felt complelled to chime in, although I'm clearly in the minority.  However, I must add in my defense that this book was initially criticized by his contemporaries as a short story that just kept rambling on with no apparent purpose, a criticism I find valid.The premise sounds fascinating - the journey of a young seaman who attempts to reconcile his dishonorable past.  It sounded like it would be an interesting tale about the conflict between heroics and harsh reality.  However, in the delivery of the story, I lost all interest shortly.  The main problem I see is in the vivid descriptions and imagery.  This, or course, is usually a good thing.  However, Conrad seems to go into such great description of every little detail that it distracts from the main story.  It seems that Conrad could have been just as effective by using half of the words.  The non-sequitur narrative also makes it a bit more difficult to follow, although I think this could have been effective if the narrative would have been more concise and to the point.However, rather than merely blasting away at "Lord Jim," I will at least give one alternative - "Heart of Darkness", also by Joseph Conrad.  Read my take of this in my other reviews.  This is a much more interesting and more enjoyable read than "Lord Jim", and about half its length.  Plus, it offers a more poignant picture of Imperialism and its ideals (or lack thereof).Perhaps I will give it another go in the future, but until then I would recommend you give "Lord Jim" a pass and spend your money and time on another novel, perhaps "Heart of Darkness."
Those that can, do!Those that can't, teach.Those that can't teach do a lot of talking (pitching).Ask yourself: Has Covel ever presented his trading &#34;success&#34;? My answer is no.Ask yourself: Has Covel ever identified a student of his that has significant documented success and credits the methods learned from Covel? My answer is no.Ask yourself: Has Covel ever made a trade? I don't know and I have tried to know.Ask yourself: What has Covel established that he can do besides conduct an interview and write about it? Nothing that I know of.
If you really like the image on the cover, then *please* do yourself a favour and go and search the internet for the phrase &quot;Mandelbrot set&quot;, and you'll come up with loads of pictures equally as fascinating (and you won't have to read all those pages!).This book only touches on what Chaos actually is. I found myself wanting more - NOT because it was a good book, but because I knew it was poorly written book on a good subject.I'm going to explain a few things first in this paragraph so you can understand the way the book is written. If my perception of the book is correct, the concept of Chaos itself, is that at first, an event appears as if it is purely random. But upon closer inspection, the underlying process is ordered, which makes the result only /seem/ random. Chaos is *not* the same thing as randomness; it is a special type of randomness. Change the parameters only slightly, and the order is revealed. &quot;Order in chaos&quot; is the appropriate phrase that is repeated throughout the book. The other phrase that comes to mind is &quot;sensitive dependence on initial conditions&quot;, which simply means that the outcome of an event is extremely susceptible to the initial circumstances. You could say that our lives are like that. Another easy example of a chaotic system is the weather - it changes all the time, with no apparent direction. Who knows exactly where an individual cloud will be in the sky ten years from now? However, it is all caused by the interactions of the inherently simple processes like evaporation from the sea, gravitational forces from the moon, etc. It looks random, when in reality, it is only /extremely/ complex.The book takes forever to convey these fundamental ideas, which I've essentially explained to you in one or two paragraphs. There are a few nice examples, but overall, I think an unusual topic such as this needs many more real-life examples of chaos at work. This is one of those types of books that introduce all the many people who made this field of study possible. In my humble opinion, James Gleick would have been much better of writing about where chaos is seen in nature.Perhaps all randomness is in a sense chaotic. I don't know. I guess it depends on whether or not you think the entire Universe can be described in terms of physical laws. Some people will say that it can, others will say that it can't. I'd probably say that by its very complexity, there isn't (and won't be) a computer, or a mind, or anything, powerful enough to effectively model everything and ultimately tell you what is truly random behaviour and therefore not chaotic.This book did get me to think for myself a little, which is good, but now I think I'll go and find another book on chaos or complexity theory, and it won't be authored by James Gleick.
One way to separate a great book from a book that falls far short is to  think about whether the characters are realistic and fleshed out.  Read War  and Peace.  Read Brothers Karamazov.  Read Remembrance of Things Past.  East of Eden has cardboard characters meant to display good and evil for  you.  I'll give you an example, so you can see where I'm coming from.  It  doesn't convey my whole feeling that the characters are cardboard but it  points you in the right direction.&quot;Abra came in with shining eyes  and a red nose from the frosty wind, and she brought such pleasure that Lee  giggled softly when he saw her.&quot;Do you mind being manipulated by an  author's cliches?  I do.  The shining eyes of a good child, the red nose of  a good child on a frosty morning, you can take your shining eyes and red  nose and frosty wind and stick them, along with Lee's delighted giggle.I  don't mean to condemn Steinbeck for that one paragraph, which an eighth  grader could have written.  I mean to bring out that paragraph as an  illustration of an overall weakness in the writing.  The characters  represent good or evil, and they are annoying.  All the characters who  begin with A (Abra, Adam, Aron) represent Abel, and all the characters who  begin with C (Cal, Cathy, Charles) represent Cain.  Gee, duh, thank you,  that's heavy.It's not that I enjoy trashing well thought of books.  It's  something else.  I resent that the great books are diminished when  something like this is complimented.  True quality deserves to be separated  above stuff like this.Try this one on.  One of the characters makes a  lot of money in an investment, and ends up burning all the money he has  made.  Tell me something - how the hell is he going to raise enough money  to pay taxes on that realized gain?  IRS won't care that he burned the  money.  They will be coming for their taxes.  The author wanted his  character to make that annoying, stupid sacrifice, burning lots of money.  Well, if the character doesn't care, neither do I.  I hope IRS nails him  good.I'll tell you where Steinbeck really started to lose me.  He played  one of those stupid &quot;I know something you don't know&quot; teases on  us readers.  He had one of the Trask brothers enlist in the army.  We  expected Cal to do it, but he threw us a clue that it was probably Aron.  Then he left us there and changed the subject.  Nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa.  Steinbeck knows which brother enlisted and we don't, and he's going to make  us wait to find out.  Isn't that great, brilliant writing.  Dust off that  old annoying trick.  And the reason we don't know is because he didn't tell  us what happened in chronological order.  He lets us know later that  something happened earlier.  So our ignorance is his fault, and he's  teasing us with it.Thank you, Clifton Fadiman, for not including this  book in your Lifetime Reading Plan of the great books.  East of Eden is  more or less on the level of Sidney Sheldon.  The Back Street Boys of  literature.
This book is only for those who prefer fear mongering to nuance.It is nothing more than a long list of reasons to be scared--none of them fully developed.A very easy book to write and no doubt intended to sell well.  Over-simplification and scare tactics are always popular.This man is profiting at the expense of improving the climate for good relations.The book is not only seriously uninformed--it is downright dangerous.
I should have known better than to think a "copy cat" book could come close to the brilliance of the DaVinci Code.  This one certainly didn't. It was just plain tedious.  I thought about quitting the book altogether when it droned on, but I'm too cheap and figured since I bought it, I needed to finish it.  I ended up scanning and skipping pages upon pages at a time.  I would not recommend this book.
This book disappointed me.The story of man-with-hardships-does-well is nice. The title hints at the reader getting advice on how to also do well - and does not deliver.The title would have been more descriptive if the "invest like a shark" and "How" parts were removed, and it was just titled "A Deaf Guy with No Job and Limited Capital Made a Fortune Investing in the Stock Market"(and now wants additional income from selling the story)You get generally good-sounding advice ("invest when the odds are in your favor") but no way how to know *when* the odds are in your favor, or advice to "use charting to know when the large-movers (Banks, funds, etc.) are buying in and then join them" - but no real advice what chart signals will tell you this, or will tell you if they are still buying, or you are too late.There is a lot of text about how Sharks are successful, and advice to be like them - fast, aggressive, etc. etc. - but no real advice what this means in practice.At the end of the day, you get almost no advice you can use and apply,The only two pieces of advice I found useful here are also commonly given (for free) in every other books and web-site:- Cut you losses and do not wait for the stock to rebound- Use a defined set of rules to decide when to buy/sell, and not gut-feel so emotions will trip you up less.I would not recommend it to anyone looking for how to trade, Novice or Experienced,  maybe only to people interested in the biography of successful traders.Theerfore, I have to say it is not worth the price, and you are better off looking for it in a library - or spending your time and money on something more useful.
When I read The Hiram Key and The Second Messiah, I realized that bad scholarship can go from bad to worse but this has exceeded my worst expectations.This book ought to be borrowed, not bought. The authors may be right in pointing out the ancient symbolic pedigree of the craft, but they long ago lost sight of a fundamental fact of symbolism, asserted by the famous art historian Erwin Panofsky, which is that symbols are like vehicles that travel through time and, while they can be stable bearers of content ("meaning") which hitches a ride like passengers, new ones can and do get on board.
I can keep this short: I came away ultimately disappointed after making it most of the way through the second book because, simply, the story never really went anywhere.  The writing was vivid and interesting, but the story was lacking.  Not worth my time to continue on. There's too many other good books out there.  Sorry Davies!
I'm giving Travels w/ Charley two stars because at least there aren't any typos, and there are very few hyphenated words appearing in the middle of sentences.The problem with TWC is that all the white space between text sections has been removed (rather, overlooked), but the non-indent of the new opening paragraph remains. What that means for the reader is confusion as the chapters are a collection of non sequiturs.Conclusion: Sloppy (even contemptuous) text to Kindle conversion.
Timeline is a styrofoam story about a visionary sociopath who is secretly (well only a few hundred people who work for him really know what going on but for all intents and purposes its secret) developing historical theme parks based on time travel. But as with all sociopathic (not really a word but then this isn't really a novel) visionaries the big plan starts to unravel.  To save his mad dream he uses, who else? but his ingenuous intellectuals who are working on a pivotal archeological dig.  A little heel clicking, sputtering, plunging, and spurring (horses that is) later and our trio have fixed the problem, two have fallen in love and a third stays behind in a world he feels more suited to. And the sociopathic, visionary who wants to entertain the world? He cleverly meets his fate in time, proving once and for all after being duped most innocents turn into demented, vengeful, sadomasochistic, maladjusted boneheads.Crichton and his elves have in Timeline retreaded Jurassic Park. Why?  It's what machines do.And this is also what machines do.  "Compulsive Reading...Brilliantly imagined" - Los Angeles Times.  "Exciting...Classic Adventure..." - USA Today.  "More screams per page...than Jurassic Park and the Lost World combined" - San Diego Union-Tribune. And my personal favourite - "One of his best..." Philadelphia Inquirer.Timeline... a raucous adventure... a timeless tale of deception and love... none better...  Really, who can resist?
Actually, I give this powerful book *itself* a four-1/2 star rating. I was captivated by the movie (starring James Dean and Raymond Massey) as a teenager, and quickly thereafter read the book, which is excellent.But -- and this is a big but, almost as big as the caboose of the media-savvy atipose-laden "diva" hawking this recycled volume -- for the Schlockmistress of all schlockmistresses, Oprah Winfrey, to appropriate this great literary classic and to debase it by affixing her name and its attendant bad taste is beyond the pale.To lump Steinbeck in with the mediocre subliterary pabulum and chick-lit fluff she usually shills for lowers the Nobel-prize winning author to the level of Frau Winfrey's touchy-feely, brain-dead, trash-TV audience.What's next? "Dr. Phil's Great Books Series," featuring Carl Jung's "The Undiscovered Self" as the premiere volume???Please, dear readers, buy *some other* edition, one that doesn't insult the intelligence of readers who didn't need a cheesy gimmick like "Oprah's Book Club" to get them to pick up a tome.
The story line is ludicrous beyond words: a young man Florentino Ariza is rejected by a woman Fermina Daza that he supposedly loves, even though he never exchanged a single word with her.  Not being a fool, she instead marries a prominent doctor Juvenal Urbino with whom she shares a long happy prosperous life.  At the doctor's death, when everyone is now over 70 years old, the unflappable Florentino returns to conquer her at last, having obsessed over her day and night for 55 years.There is no doubt that Florentino is in urgent need of therapy, since he wastes his life in his delusional wait, jumping unscathed from one affair to the other.  In that 55 year span, he has over 600 affairs.  That would be about one a month, but the author refers to them as 'love' anyway... sorry but I have to laugh.Meanwhile our impetuous hero also mollests a child, seducing a 14-year old girl put in his charge by her parents.  She ends up killing herself when he leaves her but nevermind, seems to say the author.  Another one of Florentino's female conquests cannot be in love with him because she was a rape victim in her young age and she thinks she is in love with her rapist.  I am not making this up.If this is Nobel prize material, I am a genius physicist.
The author presents the market as a battle between one trader against another trader, both trading with short-term horizons and looking at the same charts, etc. Essentially one retail trader against another. I would argue that the trader is really trading against the order flow of large institutions that dominate the market such as pension and mutual funds. Even hedge funds, while very active in some stocks, are dwarfed in AUM by these institutions. And these pension and mutual funds really don't care about esoteric technical analysis gibberish. Their execution traders/algos may look at strength/weakness to get better prices but trust me, they are not trading off dead cat bounces, cup-and-handles, candle-stick dojis, etc. As long as they are having capital inflows you can assume that they will allocate some of that capital into equity markets and because of their size they usually just buy the market, and this is why correlations between stocks is almost .8, meaning that stock picking mid- and large cap stocks is largely a waste of time.The book has a lot of filler info on technical analysis and money management techniques that can be found online for free. The authors insists to be suspicious of chart patterns, which I agree with, but fails to provide any statistical numbers about the occurrence/failure of the most basic patterns. Also, some of his use of charts is too subjective. I recall a cup-and-handle pattern image that hardly even looked like the pattern. The author fails to give justice to randomness in the market. You could run a Brownian motion in Excel and find some pattern that fit over it.Authors like this should show audited results off their trading before writing such amateurish books. And having CNBC talking heads who probably don't even trade or make money doing so give good reviews further takes away the legitimacy of the work.
It's hard to understand why this book has the reputation that it does. (I say "book" rather than "novel" because of the literary controversy surrounding it; more on that later.) Although perhaps I am not being fair, since I could only slog through just over a third of it before I gave up wasting my time, but I think I have the gist of it.First of all, the modern story is entirely boring with no redeeming value. The character of the narrator is unsympathetic. Since he is an obvious stand-in for the author, the only purpose here appears to be a facility for Stegner to pound the reader over the head with his views on contemporary (1970) society, especially regarding college students, hippies, the ungrateful and undisciplined younger generation, etc.The narrator, like Stegner, is supposed to be writing a history of a nineteenth century married couple in the West. I was especially disappointed because I am very familiar or at least somewhat familiar with a number of locations in which the story takes place: Grass Valley, New Almaden, Santa Cruz, Deadwood, only to find out that these locations serve just as unfocused backdrop to the action, or rather lack of action. I knew it was time to give up when the narrator tells his son that he is not writing a work of Western history but instead the story of a marriage. The story of that marriage might have been interesting in another writer's hands, but Stegner drains it of anything that would hold the reader's interest.All the more disappointing because Stegner is actually telling the story of two seemingly interesting real people, Mary Hallock Foote and her husband Arthur De Wint Foote. The problem there is that Stegner had promised Foote's family that he would only use short excerpts from her letters and that the characters would be unrecognizable, when in fact he quoted long letters verbatim and made the characterizations completely obvious (the exception being when he made up a critical section out of whole cloth, apparently to try to inject some drama which his own telling of the actual story could not accomplish). This semi-biographical, plagiarized novelization technique lowers the book even more in my estimation.
I had always wanted to read a solid analysis and telling of the Okinawa campaign.  Unfortunately, the author's book disappoints.First, there are no maps.  This is a fatal error for a battle whose places are unfamiliar  and whose units are unknown -- particularly the Japanese.  Reference maps  of the island and the progress of the campaign would have helped orient the  reader and clarified some of the story.The author highlighted various  parts of the battle but left others under explored.  While the facets he  focused on are satisfactory, I came away wishing that the parts had been  tied together to form a more coherent whole.  Overall, not bad, but could  have been better
Fairly entertaining, but I got the distinct impression that Crichton gathered every science fiction, action/adventure, and medieval cliche he could find and crammed them into this book. Main characters are shallow, intriguing characters (the Gallup cop, for one) are dropped. After awhile, I greeted every new twist with &quot;Oh, please -- like we haven't seen that one a few hundred times.&quot; For someone who purports to want to set the record straight about the middle ages, Crichton seems to me to pretty much follow the images established by old Hollywood. And his explanations about time and inter-universe travel conflict each other all over the place. You know, I really liked &quot;Coma&quot;.
(SPOILER!) I read this book a long time ago, and had forgotten the title. Friends of mine recommended it to me because I also write romantic, time-travel fiction. Just now, I was checking out other reviews because this book was on my Christmas list, and realized this was the book I HATED because of the vile and brutal male rape scene that went on and on toward the end. Before that point, I really liked it and thought it was extremely well written, which, technically, it is. Now that I realize Outlander is, indeed, the book I'd already read that disturbed me so much I wish I'd never picked it up, it is as far from my Christmas list as it can get! Don't read it unless you are a real man-hater and want to imagine a man being brutalized beyond belief. Why would a person put such a scene in a "romance" book? It raises my hackles just to think of it now, and I probably read it 10 years ago.
I got the same exact scores on these practice tests as I did on the actual exam.I would recommend doing what most people do, don't even study for it unless your vocabulary is underdeveloped, and you aren't good at basic math. In that case, plan to spend 3 months studying, not just a few weeks. I spent about 2 weeks going through the practice tests in this book.
This story begins with a poor French priest in the French village of Rennes-le-Chateau. In 1891, while restoring the church there, this priest found some odd looking parchments dating from the 13th, 17th, and 18th centuries. Shortly thereafter, the priest appeared to have fallen into unexplained wealth. This much we know, but from that point forward we are on a wild ride involving secret societies and huge leaps in logic.The authors allege that Jesus was a well-off Jewish opportunist who had a legitimate claim to the Jewish throne. This is an odd assertion to begin with, since we know historically Jesus was not well off nor did he have any claim to an earthly Jewish throne. He was descended from David, but he was not the direct descendent of David. The authors continue to claim that Jesus slyly arranged his life so that it would match the Old Testament prophecies concerning the Messiah, with part of that plan being a marriage to Mary Magdelene. The authors claim the couple then had at least one child together, and that Jesus then staged His own crucifixion. They go on to insist that after this staged event, Mary escaped with Jesus' children and ended up in France. There Jesus' descendents became the Merovingian dynasty of kings, ruling France from roughly 500 A.D. until 750 A.D. After the Merovingians were overthrown, a secret society preserved the royal claims of Jesus' descendants as well as their history to the present day. This is the jist of the entire story that the authors spend this whole book trying to prove.The book starts from the recent past - that French priest of unexplained wealth - and goes backwards relying on conjectures and wild speculations at each point where there is missing information in order to prove the authors' point. But when you take this kind of approach to history, you are literally free to jump from point A and make any other destination a valid "point B", repeating this same procedure over and over. The authors admit to being able to find little substantial evidence of their theories. When confronted with a lack of information that would prove their views concerning the early French kings, the Merovingians, and one of the royal heirs specifically, they simply fill in the blanks to their liking. For example, they assume that the absence of information about one of the heirs, Dagobert II, means that he must have been erased from history deliberately, which means that the existence of his heirs were considered a threat, and then go on to build that threat into their overall theory. The result of all of this is an entertaining yarn on par with the X-Files that by no means has any basis in a series of historical facts. Thus, I would give the book four stars for entertainment value, but only one for scholarship and validity, thus rounding the total score to two stars.This whole contrived tale leads us back to much plainer language of Watchman Nee in "The Normal Christian Faith". In it, Nee states that one can only take three stands on Jesus - He was either who He claimed to be, or a liar, or a madman. If you believe the Gospel accounts, Jesus obviously was no madman. He spoke lucidly and responded with wisdom to those who tried to trick Him and test Him. If He was a liar, He would have used one of the many opportunities He had to save Himself from the crucifixion, because He would have known it would be the end of Him. Thus, you're only left with Him being who He said He was - the Savior, thus requiring His death on the cross and negating the leaps in logic found in this book.
I think reviewing this novel would be more difficult than reading it was, so I'm not going to bother.  Here's my bottom line opinion: It is evident from the novel that Pynchon is unquestionably a smart man and more knowledgable about most things than I could ever hope to be, but Gravity's Rainbow is on the whole pretty bad.If extracted, the mediocre main plot would occupy all of perhaps 200 pages.  It might have been somewhat interesting standing on its own.  But the other 650+ (!!!) pages of non value adding digression utterly ruins this novel.  Occasionally humorous but mostly a tiresome chore to get through.  I'm not even sure how I did it.  I read it during lunch hour perhaps twice a week, over a period of maybe five or six months.  Never got engrossed and only enjoyed what I was reading maybe 5%-10% of the time.  But I persevered for two reasons:1. I'd heard it was the most difficult fiction novel ever and challenging to finish.  I wanted to see if I could do it.2. I'd hoped the plot would improve further in as Slothrop neared his goal.Ok, so I finished it but was the time spent worth it?  Absolutely not, without question.  And no, the plot doesn't really improve towards the end.Don't bother.
I respect the authors' willingness to go against the grain of official dogma, and I agree with some of their conclusions. But some of their interpretations of data are stretched a bit thin to fit their theories.Regardless of any possible royal ancestry of Jesus, I really find it hard to believe that he had political aspirations. The Romans feared he did, since he was trying to unite the Jews philosophically, but that doesn't mean he did. Every indication is that his interests were spiritual.I agree that Jesus was most likely married, since he spoke about the wonders of marital relationships, and never condoned celibacy. And I believe that Mary Magdalene was a dear friend and a valued part of his ministry. But I'm not convinced that Mary was the wife. Per the traditions of the day, Jesus was most likely to have married in his teens or early twenties at the latest, well before his ministry in Judea. This point is mentioned but not dealt with in this book. He met Mary Magdalene during his Judean ministry, when in his thirties.The years during which he likely would have married and started a family are missing from the Bible. There is evidence elsewhere that he spent those years traveling in Persia, India and other exotic regions, gathering the wisdom of the world. Therefore, his wife might not have been Judean.If a child feels insecure and finds a shiny coin, he might try to convince others that his treasure is very unique and special, and that only those who prove their friendship will get to partake in its magic. This is how I see the European "Holy Grail" fetish which developed 1000+ years after the time of Jesus. The history of the Templars, etc., to which much of this book is devoted, is amusng but not revelatory of Jesus or his wife.
I tried to understand it, I even tried to re-read it, but I must need a translator from the South, because it was the most unreadable book I ever tried to read. The only part I remember was a girl sitting on a bed wishing she had boy parts. Give me a break! I know it is sacrilege to say Faulkner should be on this  worst books list, but his writing doesn't do it for me.
I found the storyline of this book to be very interesting, but it kept deviating away from the story and introduced way too many characters, that in my opinion, had little or nothing to do with the story.  It's almost as if this was a short story stretched into novel length.  Either that or the author was under a deadline to crank the next book out and this is the result.  Still overall it wasn't terrible, but still not one of his best works, that's for certain.
I distrust the Federal Reserve system, and I think that Greenspan's easy money policies predictably harmed responsible investors, but I did not find sound reasoning to confirm those suspicions in Greenspan's Bubbles.Fleckenstein makes his subject material accessible to the layperson, but only by presenting a shallow and extremely one-sided viewpoint.  He offers little economic insight, and proposes no genuine practical solutions.  He exploits the selective memory of angry investors seeking a scapegoat for their losses, who might conveniently fail to recall Greenspan's famous "irrational exuberance" speech of 1996 or his Fannie & Freddie warning of 2004.The picture that the book paints of Greenspan's chairmanship is at least as vague and inconsistent as any picture that Greenspan ever painted of the economy.  Moreover, it relies too much on its own questionable selection and interpretation of Greenspan's statements in order to vilify him.Graphs and data in general are misused, because no attempt is made to demonstrate that conditions such as they were could have existed only in proximity to a crash.  I suspect that one could have used the same methodology in 1960 to construct a similarly compelling stock bubble assertion, and no such crash materialized.The importance of avoiding bubbles is repeatedly overstated.  Everyone has heard the folklore that the 1920's stock bubble caused the Great Depression, but the prevailing view among economists is that the government's inept reaction to the ensuing crash played a huge role.  Bubbles are certainly costly, but we have to weigh that against the cost of avoiding them, which is grossly understated here.Indeed, Greenspan did err frequently, and we would prefer that the Fed's leadership were perfectly infallible and transparent, but God isn't available for the job, and he too is said to work in mysterious ways.  We can quibble over whether the actual inflation rate under Greenspan was 3% or 4%, but we can all agree that it doesn't come close to the 9% that it averaged under Arthur Burns.Still, there is probably a kernel of truth here.  Unfortunately, rather than presenting a reasonable, balanced case that even without the benefit of hindsight the Fed should have acted differently, Greenspan's Bubbles resorts to scapegoating and demagogy.
It took Thomas Harris this long to write a substandard sequel to &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;? The ending was so lame but then again it only was in keeping with the rest if the book. This really was an insult to  the previous books
I don't believe I've seen a criticism of this work that isn't valid.  That's why I'm not going to repeat most of that here, other than to emphasize the fact that practically everything Penrose says can't be explained are vague notions that are themselves in desperate need of clarification and proof.  Instead, I'll make a few general comments because this book is an example of a common problem.My training is in Cognitive Experimental Psychology.  We worked within the broader context of Cognitive Science which also includes Artificial Intelligence, Behavioral Genetics, Neuroscience, Philosophy of Mind, and basically anything else that can bear on the subject  of "cognition".  "Consciousness" wasn't my specialty but I'm more familiar than most with the subject and I worked with a lot of other much smarter people who were more familiar with the subject.  I also obviously read much and deeply in some of these areas.  So we were unanimously amused by Penrose's effort.We didn't take it seriously because there was nothing _to_ take seriously.  It is one of a type.  There is nothing in there of value that we don't already know and no argument he can make that isn't already stale.  It is absolutely typical of what happens when an extremely intelligent and well-educated person gets the idea into their head that they can translate their talent into a completely different field and say something interesting.  If you've already grappled with the laws governing the simplest structures in the known universe then a little old thing like human consciousness should be cake, right?Well here's what he should have done.  At my university (Top 10) they hired on a working astrophysicist to a professorship in Cognitive Psychology.  The difference between him and Penrose (besides the Nobel Prize) was that this physicist went _back_ to school and earned a PhD in Psychology, published significant research in peer-reviewed journals, _then_ presumed to be able to say something about the subject.As I mentioned above the things which Penrose believes can't be explained or aren't "algorithmic" are concepts which are vague to the point of vacuity.  He would know that if he had spent any real effort to learn anything about what he was addressing.  Dropping the names of a few popular books just emphasizes the fact that Penrose has a very shallow understanding of the subject.You throw in a bunch of Quantum Theory, Relativity, Mathematical Logic, add some hand-waving and it appears that his "conclusions" must be valid.  He has a Nobel Prize right?  He's just dazzled us with a tour-de-force of really complicated mathematical stuff so he's a really intelligent, deep thinker, right?  So he must know what he's talking about.That's what makes the title so ironic.  Once we leave the realm of physics there is really no "there" there.  But there appears to be.  In some cases, people want there to be so they see it.I'm not trying to run down anyone who likes this book.  As someone with a little more experience than most I'm just trying to warn you.  Heck, I found the "psychology" in Dianetics fairly convincing when I read it as a freshman.  I just didn't know any better at the time.There are only two reasons why this book has received any attention, or was even published, at all.  First, Penrose is already a well-known author and Noble-Prize-winning physicist.  Second, his murky thesis appeals to those who think that the cognitive approach to understanding the human mind somehow reduces us to "mere" machines or fails to do justice to our "humanity", our need to be more than the sum of our parts, our need to be special.  That is all.What would be the reaction if, say, Dennett were to publish a work presenting a new theory of quantum gravity?If you're reading this you didn't come for physics, mathematical logic, AI, or anything like that.  There are lots of far better books out there.  I think Penrose would certainly agree.What you're really here for is to know something about consciousness.  If that's what you want thenConsciousness Explainedis as good a place to start as any.  I don't think anyone has "explained" or even adequately defined consciousness yet.  I'm not sure "consciousness" is even a theoretically useful construct.  I don't think his book is the last word on the subject.  But Dennett is a well-respected, well-educated, sound thinker and you'll get an idea of how the problem can be tackled from an informed naturalistic perspective.  And Dennett is a great writer to boot.Update Oct. 8, 2009: It has been kindly pointed out to me that Penrose has not won the Nobel prize.  Regardless, his stature places him in the same exalted position.
OK, I've got this book figured out.  It's about an airliner that suddenly goes into a steep climb, then a dive, another climb, another dive, etc.  This is a metaphor for the book!!  For a few pages you can't wait to turn the next one, then the book goes into a sudden stall.  Wait, the plot is moving again!  Nope, false alarm, turn out the light and go to sleep.The main character is Casey Singleton, a modern super-businesswoman and super-divorced-mom.  Luckily for her, though, she never has to worry about any work-family conflicts, because Crichton makes sure Casey's daughter is shipped off to stay with her scummy father for the whole book.  Once in a while, Casey will gaze at her daughter's picture for a sec just to make sure the reader doesn't forget Casey still has a child.  It might have been interesting to keep the kid at home and have Casey deal with problems faced by real moms (kids barfing down the hallway at 2 AM, for instance), but no, this would mean Casey would have to choose between work and family.Casey, like all characters in the book, are worn cliches you've met a thousand times - the flaky sound engineer, the cheating ex-husband, the sneaky double agent, the violent and stupid union employees, the macho test pilot, the greedy boss, the slimy TV producer.  Few of them are developed enough to care about.  At one point Casey is pushed out of an airplane (sitting in a hanger, unfortunately) and it looked like things would get interesting, but I'd forgotten about that darn safety net under the plane.There's a lot of technical info and jargon in the book that I, as something as a techno-nerd myself, found sort of interesting.  Still, one gets sick of reading for the thousandth time how Casey turns to the newbie next to her and explains &quot;You see, Bobby, a BOE refers to a Big Old Engine, etc, etc&quot;.  It's kind of like watching Mr. Wizard (Ms. Wizard?).The book sputters and starts along, with only Mr. Crichton's storytelling ability keeping you going, until the end, which is anticlimactic and unexciting.  You feel like flipping back through the pages and asking &quot;Did I miss something?  That was it?&quot;Check out his book from the library, if you like Crichton.  Otherwise steer clear - you'll probably see it real soon a a mini-series
This book had one of the most unsatisfying endings I've ever read.  The book overall is well written and kept me turning the pages, but an ending makes or breaks a book.  SPOILER:  I didn't view the book as a Tragedy until the last page.  Henry encounters Clare as an old woman, and before she sees him, he describes her as appearing sad.  When she sees him, he describes her as joyful.  The implication is that Clare wasted the rest of her life waiting for Henry.  That is a tragedy.  It means that their love was nothing more than a codependent chain between them.  If their love surpassed them to become something larger than themselves, then she could have moved on and lived a life filled with love.  I would not recommend this book, and I won't be seeing the movie.
I was very excited to read this book. At first it gripped me and then it was a huge letdown. I almost didn't finish it--I was so upset. But I knew I couldn't make a fair judgement unless I did.Where are the experts? Where is one psychologist who treated her who was experienced in M&uuml;nchhausen? The author herself said she had to teach her counselors about it. I also found it curious that she left out major details into her own personality? The scene where she randomly gets involved in a wet-tee-shirt contest seemed out of character--or was it? And what about her barely mentioning the older man she fled to live with? Is there more to that story that does not reflect well on her?Not one person (not her brother or father) validated her accusation. Even the doctor's notes she included did not lean toward validation. Yes, her mom was not right in the head, but M&uuml;nchhausen is much more extreme than what was displayed.Memoir is tricky since the author must be a reporter. Gregory was not. She indulged in her own victimization and patted herself on the back for being such a survivor. It was distasteful and rang of her trying to make more of her story than might have been there.There is a scene where she is taking a course at a community college and the teacher brings up M&uuml;nchhausen. Even as I read it I thought, "If she suddenly runs out of the room at the mention, I know this is not a true story." And that is what she did. Her oversimplification was unbearable. People rarely run away from news like that except in a movie.I regret that people who really deal with this have not had a credible memoir to bring light to the situation.To see how authentic memoirs are done, spend money on "Piece of Cake", "My Lie", or even "The Glass Castle."
I tried to like this book. So many people recommended it to me, and said it was fantastic. The booksellers at Barnes and Noble actually said that every worker in the store read this series, and that it was fabulous, and that I would not be disappointed. They were jumping for joy that I picked this book up. I had conversations about it with people in line at the movie theater, and they high-fived me in excitement for starting the series. So, I obviously had high hopes for this book, and assumed it would be awesome.That's where I went wrong. This book was irritating. The main character was vapid, shallow, annoying, and had no growth. The love seemed trite and tacked on. The drama was over-dramatic. It felt as though I was reading a soap opera. She tried to make the book interesting, and I feel had someone else written it, that might have succeeded. However, this book just...sucked. I was not impressed in the least.If you read through the reviews on here, the 1 stars all say basically the same thing: he beat her! He's abusive! It's smut! This is not my problem with the book overall (though those parts did irritate me). The problem is how annoying the narrator is and how vapid the story is. It did not grasp me and make me want to read more. It made me sigh and wonder how much longer I needed to put up with this.
I used this for a managerial course this past summer.  First of all, this book is overpriced.  Secondly, it is very dry, uninteresting, and a pain to read. The 13th edition covers the same material but the sneaky publishers changed up the numbers in the HW so you can't exactly use the 13th edition if the professor is assigning HW from the 14th. I think this is unethical and I think charging what they do for books like this should be a crime.  Other than the HW, both editions cover the same material.According to my professor and TA, this is an excellent book for managerial accounting.  As a student, I am telling you that this book will frustrate you and make you angry because it is needlessly complicated.  This is also compounded if you have poor instructors (like I had).This is not a book you can use to teach yourself.  You must go to class if you are using this book.  After the first two chapters, the rest of the book will seem like a foreign language to you because it is all formula-based. Some people think that accounting is just adding and subtracting numbers; this book will dispel that myth by chapter three.  The only way you are going to pass a class with this book is if you have talented professors or if you get yourself some tutoring.  For example, in practice, the concept of ABC costing makes sense and I could probably explain it to you using some real world examples like manufacturing an iPhone or a similar popular product.  This book takes ABC costing and it just makes it hard because it doesn't use real world examples and it does not take the extra step of simplifying the steps for you or giving you the bigger picture.Each homework problem takes almost a half hour to complete and some of them are pretty hard. There are no answers in the back so you can't check your work.  Also the language is not engaging at all and it is very dry and pedantic.  Some books make a point and then explain it in a way that makes it easy for the student to understand.  With this book, the author makes a point and then that's it; you have to figure out what it all means. I read chapter four for the first time and at the end I had no idea what I just read. Its like my brain took a break for the hour.  The material is also sequential so if you are lost at chapter three, then you are lost for the rest of the book.If your professor is using this book then there is not much you can do to get around it.  I suggest you buy a used, old edition of some other managerial text to supplement this book.  Another book might explain a concept much more clearly than this book and using both texts together might be better than using this one alone.  I also still highly recommend you get a tutor or go to office hours while taking this class.  In the end you will either do really well or really poorly.  I don't think you can do average work in this class as the material is very "black and white"...kinda like a math class.  Also, the Myaccountinglab problems take forever and have around 10 parts to each question so plan your time accordingly if your professor makes you use Myaccountinglab.I only gave the book two stars because it is supposed to be a good book. Other than that, I think it makes managerial/cost accounting harder than it should be. If you find a section of a class that is not using this book...take that class and then worry about a real cost accounting course later. If your school is using this book for managerial accounting and you are not even an accounting major, then you are just setting yourself up for some unneeded stress as this is, for all intents and purposes, a cost accounting text and cost accounting is one of the hardest classes taken by accounting majors.  Even if you are an accounting major, I think you need a real managerial course before you tackle cost.  Financial and managerial accounting are not similar so diving right into this book without a real managerial accounting course is kinda stupid IMO.I have no idea why a school would want to use this book as a managerial text.  We used this text in managerial up till about chapter 11 and then chapter 23.  We are currently using this same text in my cost accounting class and we started at ABC costing in chapter 5.Every professor at my school who is familiar with this book agrees that it is "challenging."  On the positive side, if you take your time and discipline yourself to do the work, you might actually enjoy the challenge of the text but if you are juggling several courses and you can't devote all of your time to this one class, then this book will be challenging.My advice is for you is to give this class more time than you would another class.  After chapter two, this book is like a runaway train so work hard and don't fall behind.
I must be getting old since I've never done this sort of thing before, but I was so frustrated after about 70 pages of this book that I brought it back to the store. Expecting a solid historical novel set in the declining days of Roman Britain, I found that it started off smartly enough . . . lots of action tautly presented (apparently essential in today's market if you want to see your stuff published). But the tale just didn't catch fire. Told from the protagtonist Publius Varrus' point of view, the story sputters along as our hero leads an expedition into the British hinterlands to trade for iron (becoming ever scarcer as the Roman occupation winds down), stops to slaughter some invading Celts and burn their ship, rushes back to sit by the fire with his superior Caius Britannicus (of solid, old Roman stock and an old friend) to decry the aging process, etc., then dallying gratuitously with the lascivious wife of another friend (who finally kills her in a rage, along with everyone else in his household and himself), and listening to his own fine upstanding mate bemoan the moral deterioration in their little Roman colony as a harbinger of terrible things to come! All in the first 70 pages or so -- I couldn't take much more of it and shut the book, rushing it back to the store to reclaim my cash. Haven't given up on historical novels but this one clearly didn't work for me. Perhaps I am just growing less patient as my own aging process sets in. Still many others here liked the book so perhaps I just didn't stay with it long enough to give it a fair chance. The truth is my eyes aren't what they used to be so I don't want to waste them reading things which don't take off in some fashion for me. And this one just didn't. -- SWM
Hamm makes some good points in this book, but unfortunately the reader has to wade through so much dross and redundancy to find them that they lose a lot of their impact.  He could just as easily have written a book containing the same information at half the length, though economy in writing is not Hamm's forte, as anyone who has ever read his blog has doubtlessly noticed.  Rather than writing a concise, user-friendly personal finance guide, Hamm tediously stretches this work into a 270 page tome that would be completely exhausting if it weren't so redundant.The following paragraph appears three times VERBATIM in the book before chapter five (of a nineteen chapter work):"It's easy to be resistant to the idea of setting goals.  It requires introspection, commitment, and facing your fears.  Yet, without clear, written goals with discrete follow-ups, it is substantially harder to achieve significant gains in life.  Without them, it's likely nothing will change in your life."I understand repeating yourself to make a point, but in this case, it appears to be bad editing, and there are several other examples of the same repeated sentences and phrases throughout the book.  There are a fair number of typos too, but I'm sure there are typos in this review, so I'm not going to bust him for that.Hamm has good if fairly typical and conventional things to say, but the way the book is written makes it almost excruciating for the reader to muddle through it.  He intersperses solid financial advice with a bunch of squishy personal-development crap and at times it seems like he is writing purely for length rather than to entertain, inform, or persuade the reader.  If he were to revise it by whittling out about 150 pages of unnecessary wordiness, reiteration, and irrelevant bloviating, it might be a book I would recommend to others, but as it stands now, not so much.
The book is simply amateurish and I cannot fathom the merit of its rave reviews - certainly not as a noteworthy BOOK and I wonder how much the vote has to do with sentimental PC endorsement of the story VS the value of it as a book. It has very little going for itself, except the unemotional list of events presented in a rushed and sloppy book. Perhaps it was all lost in translation? I have read incredible survivor accounts here [...]  and recommend you rather spend an hour or two reading this link, than buying and reading this detached and robotic account. Once again, confirmation that if a book has an Oprah book club sticker, its well worth avoiding...
I've got a pretty strong stomach for rough stuff, but it never lets up in Red Sorghum.  And it's the repetition of it that finally chokes me.  And yes, please don't say &#34;red sorghum&#34; again.  I had to quit right after that section where the dog packs keep returning.  It seemed it would never stop.  Did anyone else have trouble figuring out who was narrating?  Was it now the father, grandfather, son, greatgrandfather?
For an experienced sales person of 20 years, this is not a good book. I have read many books on sales and done many courses such as IBM sales, Strategic Sales, Targeted Account Selling and SPIN. This book was just a rehash of those courses (They are excellent courses though) and presented their message very shallow. Because of information technology, today sales have morphed into something new. The value of the salesperson is changing and can be lost if not approached correctly. This book does not at all mentioned that. The examples are poor and everything is pretty shallow. I would have gone with a more modern approach.If you have no sales experience and you want something light to read, than you can browse this book. It is written like one big Power Point presentation.
This book is simply not worthy of the acclaim it has received.  It probably sells well because it is such a short and easy read, but the information in the book is obvious, oversimplistic, and not useful if you are a manager looking for better performance from your team.If you are looking for a book that will help you as a manager to get more out of your workers, try "First, Break all the Rules" by Marcus Buckingham.  It will take you more time to read than this slim little booklet, but you will come away from the book with ideas you can implement in your business.
I am sorry that I have to write such a negative review about a classic book in mathematics. I eat, sleep, and breathe mathematics and enjoyed just about every other course I took in my math career as a student. However, I had the misfortune and experience using this book in a 1-year graduate level course in Complex Analysis. I looked forward to the course so much, which turned out to be a big disappointment.  After spending one torturous year struggling to understand this book and having to supplement it with so many other books on the subject in order to get just a passing grade of "B" in the course, I can't give Ahlfor's-Complex Analysis my seal of approval. This is not a very good book to learn Complex Analysis from, even for a student like me who had previous knowledge of the subject from an undergraduate Complex Variable course which I took four years earlier prior to taking the graduate level course.My math instructor once told the class that Lars Ahlfors prides himself on explaining concepts using as few words as possible. This made me visualize Ahlfors with an evil smirk on his face enjoying student's anguish. What my instructor said is evident based on the presentation of the material in the book. The proofs and explanations in the book are very skimpy. Also, there are little or no examples in the book to help the reader grasp the material.If you are looking for better books to learn Complex Variables from, I recommend either Marsden's Introductory Complex Analysis (for a beginner); and either Lang's Graduate text in Complex Analysis or Rudin's Real and complex Analysis (for advanced students).  Also, Shaum's Outline on complex Analysis provides a wealth of supplementary problems in the subject. Also, an undergraduate course in real analysis is the prerequisite to understanding complex analysis.
I tried reading this.  I really did.  Actually I think I finished it.  It is so neck deep in technical stock jargon that five pages put you to sleep.  There are many things to learn here, but don't think you can read a book to learn a system on how to make money in stocks.  That thinking is for suckers.
I suppose that I will disagree with everyone else who rated the is book, but I could barely get through the book.  I supposed if you're a math nut you would thoroughly enjoy this book, but math is one of the reasons why I thought it totally boring.  About half way through the book I almost tossed the book in the trash.  I only finished it because I have a policy of finishing what I start.  I never appreciate that kind of language in a book especially when it's about a 15 year old boy, I supposed that's supposed to be realism, but all it does is put a stamp of approval to the teenage reader.  I found that the further I read I hoped that somebody would do in the boy with the absolutely irritating manner.  In my opinion, the boy belonged in a special school for problem children.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
You aren't likely to finish this book, one suspects.  For it is written in a bombastic, non-linear narrative fashion that soon wears on one's nerves.  Still, it does contain some very good advice and some insights about the analysis industry that are likely new to one which the author, formerly a big league Wall street analyst is qualified to speak to.As such, his book stands as a pretty strong denunciation of what presently passes for stock analysis or research.  It begins with a brief discussion of his career and his industry, in which he explains, in a nutshell, why and how said research is pretty much valueless by the time it reaches the retail customer because.His remedy for this, loosely speaking, is for one to do the contrarian thing (Sheesh, one of the most tired terms on Wall street) and sell when a stock is upgraded to Buy and to buy when it gets upgraded to Neutral from Sell.  I can't really speak to the success for failure of that strategy but it seems pretty weak to me, but the part of the book that deals with the premise of its title and described by me above takes up only about a quarter of its length.The rest of the book is spent dispensing investment advice.  Much of it is sound, most of it is contradictory.  There is way too much contradictory stuff to  point out but as one example, he says that one should be a long term investor in one paragraph and in the next he tells us not to be married to our stock choices and to sell if we take a 20% hit, and then he explains that we need to be prepared to ride out the ups and downs of the stock market as studies have shown that in any given 12 month period the stock market can be down as much as 25% and up as much as 50%.  U'mmmm, but if we take our losses at 20%.....you get the message.He also expounds upon the virtues of buying low P/E stocks, value stocks, because of the risks inherent in high P/E stocks.  However, he never raises the issue of the so-called value trap, nor gives a plausible explanation of how a low P/E stock becomes fully valued.He advice about buying stock that pays a dividend is sound but for reasons not worth explaining here, his analysis of when to buy and when to avoid such stocks is based on a circular argument dependent upon omniscient wisdom.One thing that the author does that is of Enormous use to the small or part-time investor is cite Burton Malkiel's book "A Random Walk Down Wall Street."Unless you are ready to make stock analysis a significant part of your life that is the book that you should read and heed.For, even if one were to follow just the advice contained in 'Full of Bull' that does not contradict itself, one is really just taking a random walk down Wall street, but one with a lot more inherent risk than the investment advice contained in Malkiel's book.By the way, Malkiel's latest version does concede that out-performance can and does occur, but 'Full of Bull' certainly does not give one adequate advice or information about how to construct a plan to do so.Between the author's rather bombastic bullet point presentation and the maddeningly contradictory advice, I couldn't bear to complete 'Full of Bull' and based on that and the half of the book I did read, it gets just 2 stars.
I'm taking the time to write this review because I really disagree with other reviews written about this book. As a designer both of networks and telecommunications equipment, I found the book very much lacking in a number of areas. I also participate in writing standards and reviewing (peer reviewing) journal articles in this subject matter area.The book provides some useful overview material, and considerable in-depth materials for some specialty topics in scheduling.Now, the problems. First, the book contains a number of factual errors and mis-statements.(1) "networks can be interconnected at all available layers of the OSI Reference model" Not true. Most implementations do not use or follow the OSI reference model. Even those that use some of the layers of the reference model, do not use all. And even among those that use some layers, many layers are NOT possible to "network". I even find the language objectionable because "network" is still not the right term for multiple layers in the model. (2)"the more network layers the system implements, the more delays that are introduced" Completely false, there are implementations with six layers that are faster than implementations with 3 layers. So this assertion simply isn't true.(3)"Network adapters are used to enable connectivity on a single network link and typically implement a single protocol stack." First, most "network adapters" TYPICALLY IMPLEMENT MULTIPLE PROTOCOL STACKS such as IPv4, IPv6, Microsoft/DLCI, et. al. In fact, the VAST MAJORITY of network adapters today run 2-3 stacks simultaneously so their typically is wrong. Second, it also is not true that network adapters are used "on a single network link." Wireless adapters by definition handle multiple links. And among wired adapters, multiple interface adapters on servers are more than common (they are typical). Even entry level servers typically have a minimum of two interfaces on a single nic. (4) "Ethernet does not support priorities" Wrong. 802.1p supports priorities.(5) "The goal of the addressing learning process is to enable transparent bridges to be autonomous and learn routes" No, the goal of the address learning process is to map address to bridge ports, aka forwarding. Knowing which port to forward a frame to is not routing. We have a term for it in the art, it is called (big surprise here) bridging -- or if you like forwarding, but not "routing." Routing is not at the MAC or Link Layer, but is at the network (typically IP network) layer.I could go on, I counted at least 17 such errors, mis-statements of fact, and in some cases exaggerations. Overall, I think the authors, while they may understand and often explain how some things works, clearly have mis-understood the history of Ethernet and IP switching and routing (respectively). What most of the advice in the book contains is advice that seems to come from experts with experience in computing systems (servers) rather than expertise in embedded telecommunication system development.I definitely would not advise this book for those looking to learn about networks, because it doesn't contain anything useful to understand how networks are designed or built. Nor do I think that was the authors intent. But even for the intended audience -- those interested in the architecture of the systems (of network elements), I think there are enough mistakes to hold off recommending this book.For readers interested in processing and embedded systems computing, I'd recommend Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach (Hennessy and Patterson). For those interested in Ethernet switching, there are hundreds of applicable books, but I'd recommend Black's "Data Link Protocols" and the IEEE standards as reading material. For those interested in routing, I'd recommend the "TCP/IP Illustrated" series from Addison-Wesley. For network embedded systems I'd recommend any of the articles in Communications Systems Design (magazine) which you can find some of online and some in library archives.
I saw the film Headhunters, which I loved. I then discovered it was written by Jo Nesbo.  My brother had 5 of his books, so passing through the airport I picked up the first in the series.Grisham and Connely take us more into the detective and legal process, where I feel as though I am learning something.I just did not get anything from the book.I found myself speed reading and skipping paragraphs which were irrelevant.Tried it. Done it.  Not my cup of tea.
Here is another example of a good Commodities writer attempting to write about Day Trading Stocks. No only does he fail in this attempt but he has the nerve to criticize other writers. It is clear from the time periods of the charts (ten minuets) and the lack of discussion of NASDAQ level 2 that Jake is way out of his field. When will the pure commodity writers learn not to try and cash in on the interest in stocks? Fools rush in. Save your money.I returned the book.
I have always been a little skeptical of homeopathy.After reading portions of the chapter on belladonna and child ilness,I'm convinced the author has no clue how to use herbs effectively.How did this get past the publisher ???
If you've ever wondered how our schools and universities could churn out surprisingly shallow thinking young adults then look no further than this book. It gives you a glimpse into what passes for intelligent insight for collegiate level discourse. Read the back of the book for an astounding list of fellow shallow thinking rubes that either did a blurb review as a professional courtesy (cross your fingers that this is the majority case) or are further examples of how ingrained bad thinking has become within circles that consider themselves intelligent.The book plunges right into sloppy sophomoric navel gazing with this gem from page 7: "We often ignore important problems that we could, with determination and good thinking, solve - problems such as world hunger, poverty and homelessness." Whew!! Reading through the rest of the book you find that these lofty goals are not going to be considered from a position of how to do this for the world but rather to the world. Petty dictators rejoice because your reign of tyranny is not at risk if you pay lip service to poverty, homelessness and hunger. Think about what these two are claiming is possible with 'determination and good thinking'. You don't have to think very long or hard to know that what they propose is only possible with force and impossible without it no matter how determined or how 'good' the thinking. Ah, you say, so be it! Use force to compel these things for the good of mankind! Well. That has been tried and millions have died in the pursuit of this utopian dream. As you read on you will not be deceived into thinking that the authors think liberty is a viable avenue for those three bullet points. Consider too who will define acceptable levels of homelessness, poverty and hunger. Or do they posit the possibility of complete alleviation of those things? According to some international organizations, America is far down the list of countries with acceptable levels of this or that. Exactly who will keep corruption out of this paradise? But this is an early example of what this book regards as critical thinking - solving world hunger, poverty and homelessness. Makes ya dizzy.A little further down on the page you bump into the mind numbingly simplistic assertion that a hiring supervisor that hires only male or female applicants is inherently wrong for doing so without regard to what the job entails or how the team works. Ivory tower elitist egalitarianism at its finest. The fact that any given hiring person may have thoroughly thought through their reasons for single sex hiring practices, well, that cannot be because, well, just because. The book is replete with this sort of one-sided critical thinking.Progressing through we get to page 18 where we are seriously told that 'fairness' is one of the keystones, an intellectual standard, for 'reasonable thinking'. What?!? Fairness? How about Objectivity? Oh. Objectivity shoots a lot of holes in the ramblings that emanate from the rest of the book. Given the level of critical thinking so far you can see why the word Objectivity would be taboo in this tome.A liberal reading of page 61 finds that what would be keen is to be a 'world citizen' - queue Imagine by Lennon - and that prime examples of backwards thinking are the sex laws of your country, for example.Left to our own devices, we find not too much further that independent thinkers are loners. Uh huh. Who are some loners of notoriety? Or is it that a person that follows this 30 day plan to mental freedom becomes such a self-righteous 'free thinking' jerk that everyone avoids him/her like the plague except for fellow travelers?This book is long on 'look down your nose' sophistry and short on critical examination of its own preconceptions and biases. There are a lot of instances where the reader, being one of the enlightened of course, is told how stupid anyone that disagrees with the reader must be, because, well, because they are not 'reasonable' lol. Come on!! At one point the authors do backflips to keep from saying the word 'argument' because, you see, the reader espousing these 'critical' views is not arguing a point, no no no, they are merely verbalizing a well reasoned position - which the authors tell you, dear reader, that this is a 'reason' and the word 'reason' can now be assumed to be superior to the word 'argument' because it infers that there is no counter to what is being said - I guess. Things get a bit murky at various times throughout the book.It just goes on and on.What a shame that people might buy this book expecting to learn something about critical thinking. I agree with the authors that this is a thing to be taught and as a country we are sadly deficit in encouraging critical thought. But this book is not about critical thinking. It is about mushheaded thinking. This is the sort of directed non-thinking from the 60's that has so damaged our society the last 40ish years. Look at the blurb about the two authors! Then look at what they produced. This is a great example of why most institutions of higher learning are no longer educational facilities but indoctrination centers where parents pay expensive tuition to have their bright children turned into liberal stooges.Save your money.
This novel is a story of a family in crisis.  Life is already tenuous, with a hypochondriac and depressed mother and a youngest child who is mentally retarded.  Then when the only daughter is scandalized, the entire family falls apart.I love the idea of this story, and it seems as though it is a rich outline for a novel.  However, the style of this book detracted from my enjoyment of the plot.  Having the first chapter told from the time-jumping stream-of-consciousness point of view of Benjy, the mentally retarded brother, ensured that I would not be able to puzzle through any but the most obvious plot points.  I don't consider it a successful venture in storytelling when I have to research a book on the internet in order to get hints toward understanding it.The second section, told from the oldest brother Quentin's point of view, was not much better.  Although it took place entirely in his mind, it still failed to express why he was so personally devastated by the downfall of his sister.The third section, narrated by the third brother, Jason, was easy to understand although painful to read.  Page after page of this character spewing hate toward every group of people grew tiresome.  His feeling that the world was against him and he deserved better also got old.For me, this book required too much effort, and contained insufficient reward.  I disliked the characters as well as the narration style, and I was ultimately unmoved by the plight of the Compton family.
Clinton was a good President and leader because of his incredible charisma.  It doesn't come thru in this book at all.  He's also not much of a writer or at least the ghostwriter he used (if he used one), isn't.  (Maybe Clinton went cheap on who he used because he was saving his money for possible legal issues.)  I like Clinton alot, just not this book.  I agree that he should talk more about his mistakes.  In fact, that's part of what makes him charismatic when he speaks; he talks about making mistakes, he seems real, not someone trying to present himself as all-knowing, like Bush.  Maybe Bush wrote this book.  It seems like he could have.
When your book has the subtitle "the power to change anything," you really need to deliver tools to let readers effect change. Instead, this book is dry and jargon-heavy, telling what some alleged influencers did, rather than showing how the reader can do it as well.As a result, it's a marginally interesting read at best, and of dubious value.
I'm not sure why this is considered a classic and a literary masterpiece. Throughout the entire book, curse words were used. And I do mean the ENTIRE book! I wrote this review earlier, but it was rejected due to my language choice, although other reviews contain the same words I used. The publishers should take this book off the market. There is no point and the story doesn't move forward. This book has no meaning! Anyway, the main character is sixteen years old, so this is meant for young adults. Please, please, don't let your child or teenager read this book. If you're the teacher who suggested our teenage daughter read this, while she was in high school...shame on you! No teacher should suggest this book to a child! If you want to read this book to say that you've read a 'classic', there are plenty of other great choices available. This was a waste of my time. I only finished it to say that I did and it allows me to give my opinion. And, to my understanding, after reading this trash, is that now...I'm considered a phony.Please, don't criticize my review, because of my opinion. I've already received a mean comment, just long enough for the comment to be sent to my email, then the originator of the comment removed it from Amazon, before anyone else could read it (I still have the email, for proof). It's called a book review. My review and my opinion. If you liked/loved this book, that's great! I, however, did not. People have different opinions and I respect them, so please, respect mine.
This book was nearly painful to read...  The point of the book can be summed up so easily, I can't imagine why it took 100 pages to do it.  "The Software Architect role is not viewed correctly in the software development industry.  A Software Architect is analogous to Building Architects - responsible for the aesthetics and overall vision and for the software.  Their goal is to manage the software design (venustas) and make sure the software is useful."  There, now you don't have to read the book.I do agree with the author's premise, and I also find that the role of Software Architect is either misplaced or not placed at all into software development projects.  But the comparisons to ancient architecture are only vaguely relevant, and I would have been happy if the tangents only stretched that far.  Did you know that the word "normal" originally meant "right-angled" and that it's current meaning only took shape in 1828?  This (any many, MANY other tidbits of scantly useful information) can be found in the book (pg 38).  A great explanation of what a Software Architect does for a living cannot.
Overall the book was an interesting read, it went beyond basic social media 101, which is what is mostly out there now. At least once a chapter, they author had to throw in a paragraph about her website.I did not enjoy hearing about "faceconnector" oops, my bad, formerly faceforce. Was that really necessary? Over and over again?
A writing teacher told me that &#34;Literature is a fancy word to describe a novel without a plot&#34; and &#34;That goes double for prize-winning literature&#34;.The book does have some good moments, like the young lovers having a secret correspondence in the second section, but overall I keep waiting for something to happen that's at all interesting. The first part of the book could have been cut without losing anything, it seems like a gigantic setup for the meeting at the funeral and sending us back in time 50 years.I'm trying, but I do not think I can bring myself to finish the book. None of the characters are interesting or compelling enough, on top of the lack of plot. Also, with the opening chapters, you know what will not happen, so what's the point of going through the intervening hundred+ pages.
I simply cannot agree with any of the other reviewers where this book is concerned.  There are a great many novels that also double up as text books on the subject material (Neville Shute's &quot;No Highway&quot; was a prime example of a story about metal fatigue.) Dennis Wheatley's &quot;The Devil Rides Out&quot; is both a story about the battle against evil and a handbook illustrating almost every kind of black magic and witchcraft across its pages.  This may be no bad thing except that the manner in which we are told of the dark science is usually insipid, incredible and wholly unnecessary.  The characters take turns in giving large amounts of evidence about what black magic is - complete with case studies.  The effect is not one of a dialogue between two people, but of a public information announcement where two people take turns to tell you a monologue.Throughout Wheatley uses this method to explain to us what is going on or what may happen, and it simply comes out as overkill.  The author could have cut the explaining text by 90% and replaced it with greater story telling and you would have had a far more interesting read.The trouble that Wheatley obviously had was that the characters probably talked in exactly the way the man in the street talked at the time.  Reading just a few pages and you instantly feel transported back to Britain in the 1930's.  It is however a great pity for the author and the reader that the 1930's Britain depicted in this story was a rather dull and vacuous place.I am sorry to say that I found this book tedious in the extreme and really struggled to finish it.  Difficult to read and very much like an incomprehensible text book, &quot;The Devil Rides Out&quot; has dated far more than many books written before it. I feel that the prolific Dennis Wheatley was of his own time, and no other.
I read Sputnik Sweetheart and loved it.I read South of Border and it was ok.First 200 pages of Dance Dance Dance were interesting, and I read last 100 just to see ending, which is disapointing .I don't recommend book to anyone.
If you think calculus is a difficult subject, this book will only convince you further.  This book may be good for someone trying to brush up on calculus skills, but for those trying to learn it for the first time, it will do nothing but confuse.  If you want a more easy to follow introduction to calculus, try Silvanus P Thompson's 'Calculus Made Easy'
I was forced to read this book for school 3 years ago and am still bitter about it. This book is is terrible. It tries to be emotional and sappy, but only the sissiest wimp with no life could ever find it the least bit touching. The "really sad" situations aren't in the least bit realistic, and are almost funny because you hate all of the characters so much. They have such plastic personalities that I was able to construct a complete set of tupperware out of them. Koly was an ickly little bratty thing/girl who thought everybody should love her even though they clearly shouldn't. This book is awful. It's stupid. Why this author would waste their precious time on writing something this stupid and terrible as this is beyond me. Trust me, do not read it. It's DEFINATELY not worth your time/money. They should force convicted felons to read this as a punishment (but it might violate the Geneva Convention). I have offered you my help, please take heed. You can't say you weren't warned.
I'm still hoping that someone will tell me that this book was written by someone other than Thomas Harris. This piece of tripe could not have come from the man who gave us the deliciously disturbing Hannibal Lecter of  &quot;Red Dragon&quot; and &quot;Silence of The Lambs.&quot; Before, there  was an inscrutable mystery of Lecter's motivations and delicious  cat-and-mouse games; now, we get a freakish menagerie of characters (none  of whom are detailed in the previous novels), an incredibly weak  explanation of Lecter (you mean to tell me that the stoic demon of  &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; cries out in his sleep? I don't think so),  and destruction of the interplay between Lecter and his interviewers, as  Starling falls under his spell. This last might not be as inconceivable as  some reviewers would have you believe, but Harris's surrealistic attention  to detail creates an ending as anti-climactic as it is absurd (Lecter's  escape would have been laughed out of an ed wood movie).Lecter was so  fascinating because of his mystery... an explained Lecter, particularly a  poorly explained one, is an uninteresting one. If you loved the first two  books, keep away from this one, and keep your enjoyment of Lecter intact.
I didn't want to give this book even one star.  The only reason it is a best seller is Grisham's powerful name.  This story is boring and trite. I should have put it down after I finished the second chapter and it went nowhere. Shame on Grisham, who is a very talented writer, for publishing such pap.
I loved the Tao of Pooh. I love Piglet. But I didn't love the Te of Piglet. This was a case of taking a great thing too far. My advice to Hoff is to write another, deeper, continuation book about the Taoist ways of Pooh bear and, as Milne did, leave the loveable cast of characters as just that, a cast of characters.
I gave this rating because the book was boring I found the characters boring too long I would not  recommend this book to my friends
[...]Unicorns, alternate realities, mad scientists, information wars, creatures that live in the Tokyo sewer system--they're all a part of Haruki Murakami's *Hardboiled Wonderland,* a semi-futuristic novel in which a data "shuffler" takes what seems to be an ordinary job and ends up trying to save the world...specifically, his own. To say much more about the plot would be to give away too much, but think about your idea of the perfect world. What would you give to attain it? More importantly, what would you give up? Murakami always asks the big questions and gives you plenty to think about; unfortunately, in this novel, he offers a pound of bologna in a three pound bag. There's just too much empty bag.I tried hard to like this book, I really did. And it was easy for the first ten pages or so; in fact, the first chapter of *Hardboiled Wonderland* had me settling in for what I thought could well be an enviably good read. Then I started the second chapter and my hopes dimmed. By the middle of the book, I'd lost hope I could finish the novel at all. As most previous reviews have noted, *Hardboiled Wonderland* tells two stories in alternate chapters--the first seems to be a relatively straightforward mystery; the second, is a kind of mythic fable. Of course, the two stories are inevitably connected in ways that become clearer as the novel proceeds. What also becomes clearer is that *both* stories are going to become more and more unrealistic until what you're reading is basically a watered down sci-fi/fantasy novel with philosophical pretensions, ala Philip K. Dick.That's not a bad thing; after all, Murakami has always had more than a passing resemblance to P.K. Dick, but what Murakami lacks, and especially in *Hardboiled Wonderland* is Dick's admirable brevity. *Hardboiled Wonderland* doesn't have to be 400 pages long--it doesn't even need to be 300 pages long. 250 pages would have sufficed to tell the story Murakami has to tell and would have strained my credulity and tried my patience a lot less. I'm unable to read this text in the original Japanese, but in this English translation Murakami's prose is loose and his plotting flabby. The novel is bogged down in a multiplication of unnecessary detail and incident, in drawn-out descriptions, in pages and pages of minutiae and verbal deadwood that even a mediocre editor should have known to prune away. At its worse, *Hardboiled Wonderland* reads like a dream someone is telling you at the breakfast table, the kind of unfocussed and aggravating narration that goes, "And then this happened...And then this happened...And then this happenened..." Unfortunately, a lot of *Hardboiled Wonderland* is at its worst.Interminable scenes of running through Tokyo's sewer-systems, extensive explanations of the already muddled brain science behind the novel's speculative science fiction, an unnecessarily comprehensive sociological history of the "imaginary" town--it was all much too much of a not-so-good thing and only served to illustrate the point that not only is it often the case that less is more, but often--in fiction as in life--the more you explain the less convincing you become. *Hardboiled Wonderland* had more than enough of everything, more than too much, and soon had me thinking "enough is enough."Yet I persevered. Why? Mainly because having read two previous Murakami novels which I liked much better ((*Dance, Dance, Dance* and *A Wild Sheep Chase*)) I had some reason to believe that things would sharpen up once he got around to the point. And so things did. Murakami's plots are typically an investigation into some aspect of personal identity and the existential crisis at the core of human life. Is there a meaning to it all, or not? Who are we, really? That kind of thing. And *Hardboiled Wonderland* is yet another thought-provoking take on these ever-relevant themes. It's just too bad that Murakami nearly bores you to death with so much B-movie filler between point A and point C.All in all, *Hardboiled Wonderland* is a book I don't regret reading--but one I wish didn't take so long to read and that I'm glad to be finally done with.
I found this book hard to read as it is so tedious, especially the first half.  She belabors so many points.  It might work well as a textbook, but as a book for the layperson to read, it wouldn't be my best recommendation.One gets the impression from reading the jacket that you are going to get a lot of help from this book, especially in finding your calling.  She tells you what happens when you do, but no concrete answers about how to get there.  Her whole idea is you have to grow.  As you grow you will find better ways to cope with the workplace.  I don't need her to tell me that.  To me this is a cop-out after she promises so much help.There is some straightforward advice about how to handle bullies and how to negotiate a better situation for yourself at work.Ms. Jaeger may be good at personal counseling, seminars and workshops, but as far as I'm concerned, writing books is not HER CALLING.
How funny to see this book as Amazon's "Kindle Daily Deal".  My brother gave me an autographed copy back in '86. Perhaps I'd see it differently now but I found it depressing and of no interest to me.  I read it only because my brother gave it to me.  I didn't even keep it.  Don't know if I gave it to a thrift store or what.I was surprised this is a well known author.  I prefer biographies or 'true life' stories so perhaps it just 'wasn't my cup of tea'.  Kind of wished I'd have kept the book now.
Worth a read for fans, but wait for the paperback or get it at the library. Clarice is a wimp, and for that matter, so is Dr Lecter - he's not really evil, just had a bad experience with his sister (Typical '90s -  there's an excuse for everything). Not in the same league as Red Dragon or  Silence of the Lambs, hard to believe Thomas Harris wrote this.
It is printed on that kind of paper that has a shelf life of about 2 months before it turns yellow - nasty in all ways the type those porno books women pretend they don't read is printed on, but we'll get to that.Second let us say that I am still very hopeful and will continue to read more of Mr. Vidal.  This was my entry point into his work after reading what he had to say in the 'xxx' book.I like his style and his point of view, taking in mind the suggestions that he's a pompous ass because if his upbringing.  What I suggest is that it wouldn't surprise me if the stupidest person on earth came up with a great idea or had something interesting to say, but not surprisingly no one suspects this of the rich, and 'well bred' - which of course is well founded, but a shame nonetheless.I ripped this book in half about 100 pages into it - which was fairly easy to do, due to the paper quality.  Not because I hate Gore Vidal, but because it occurred to me after reading at least 30 religious satires in the past year; for someone who doesn't think the question of a god is important, I have read FAR too much on the subject!Which led me to another question; who is the target audience of religious satires?  The only people who would even understand all the scripture references would be a devout fan of the bible, and THEY generally don't have the capacity for laughter; at least not in this case.  Or would it be the atheist who needs someone else to tell them why religion is silly?  Or someone who is sick of religion altogether but for some reason wants to read just a few more books about it?Slapping the clergy a few times in reference in literature is par for the course, and generally welcomed in my opinion.  But for CHRISTSAKE!
I didn't like this book.  I read it quickly and never stopped for some reason, perhaps because I thought it would surely get better, but it never did.  It's about a woman losing her friend to a violent crime.  The killer is never found.  The surviving friend can't cope with the loss of her friend well and has an affair with a man who comes to the aid of the victims family during their crisis.  IE he's a police liason who comes to help the victims family cope, he's there to help the main characters dead friends husband. However the main protaganist ends up sleeping with him and it's all sort of hazy as to why.The main character is breastfeeding her child and there are so many (...) references to her doing this that it's borderline insane.  I swear every other chapter was "my heavy breasts"  "late to feed the child" blah blah blah!!!  This book had a great plot in theory but bad production when it came time to capture it all.Later in the story the main protagonist loses her own daughter to an apparent drowning.  Her 9 yr old daughter believes she can see the original murder victim and drowns in the beach while trying to talk to the dead victim.  This happens while her Mommy is off sleeping with the cop liason dude.  But her husband claims he doesn't want to know about it and they eventually move away from the beachy town where all this dead and carnage occurs and she still thinks fondly of the cop liason guy.  This is all to unrealistic it makes me gag.The whole novel ends where she tells "us" the reader that they've moved and moved on with life and she still thinks about the way the conversation would go if she were to ever talk to the cop liason guy again.  Pathetic!!!The most alarming part of this story is the depiction of the violence of the crime against the murder victim.  The murderer cuts out her heart and it's never found again or maybe it is but the writer is never clear on this.  Only states that later on a bag is found containing an unidentified mass of bloody dried up ..mass.  She calls it a mass so we're never clear on that issue.This book bites.  Don't waste your time.  Great cover, greater promise.  Big letdown.  Shame on you Julie Myerson..shame shame...  Such a great plot line done so poorly and unrealistically.  Thank god I bought it used for less than $5.
This is the driest thing I've tried to read in a very long time....way to clinical unless you're actually studying Psychology. So no I wouldn't recommend it unless you suffer from insomnia and need something that will put you to sleep....just saying.
I wanted to like the Te of Piglet, but part of the way into it I realized that, taken to it's logical conclusion, the author laments that humanity has created tools to allow for more than just survival.  There were few of the direct applications of Daoist writing into his treatise and almost nothing about Piglet, except that he was small, brave, and escaped from Owl's house after it blew over.By the time the author got to his rant on Conservatives, which we have all heard countless times, it was clear that I should have stopped with Pooh.  This book was a vehicle to put forward a political conviction disguised as another opportunity to have Daoism explained through these wonderful creatures.
This over-hyped book was a real disappointment. Stuffy. self-serving.  Obviously written by Princeton undergraduates, and interesting only to them. Adequately written, but short on mystery, pacing, and style.  NOT like DaVinci Code.  NOT like Umberto Eco.  The mystery in the book is obvious.  The code section is too short.  I'm glad I got this book for free - it's not worth paying for!
I thought I was going to be reading an historical fiction novel. Not so. This is a cheap knock off of a cheap action thriller with only a slight connection to anything historical. It could have been set in any period. Numerous details left unaddressed and no final accounting for all the mayhem. What happened to the police angle; the hospital angle. Half a dozen people dead in the present era, explosions, diaappearances and---it just ends.
I do have to admit that I did laugh out loud a couple of time. But mostly I wondered why I was reading this book, other that a relative recommended it.  I think it's an acquired taste...
If you, the reviewer reader, like the drivel that Suze Orman pushes out, you'll probably love this book.  If you liked The Millionaire Next Door or the Millionaire mind, you'll find yourself confused by the contradictions between this book and them.  If you like Robert Kiyosaki's stuff.... just pass on by!This book is light reading, humorous at times, and for every idea Mr.Edelman throws out there (don't pay off your mortgage early), he tends to follow them up with confusing, mish-mashed examples that do NOT convince the reader.  Then, when he gives a backhanded slap to The Millionaire Next door, any crediability flies out the window.In short, this book is the result of thousands (apparently) of questionaires Mr. Edelman put before his clients (he's a financial planner by day), and has compiled and analyzed the habits that these middle-income families practice that allow them to save staggering sums of money (I remember reading about one lady who saved $200,000, and another that had like 1.2 million...impressive, but hardly earth-shaking).Again, some of the points are thought-provoking, and if they cause you to step back and look at your life, then the book is at least worth reading.  But it would be a complete waste of money to purchase.If you're truly interested in the habits of the wealthy, grab the Millionaire Next Door.  Otherwise, this is light reading, with about 50% of the book being quotes from Mr. Edelman's clients, not his actual narrative.
Just like Henry James, F. Scott Fitzgerald & Evelyn Waugh novels that are all so-called classics, this book was excruciatingly insipid & worse still, aimless. I only suffered through it thinking there would be SOME type of conclusion. In reality, the conclusion was such a pointless dead end I was outraged & felt I had wasted precious hours of my life that I will never get back. Just as I felt w/James, The Great Gatsby, Brideshead Revisited & Dostoyevsky's The Idiot which I couldn't even summon the energy to complete. "Classic" my ass.
It seemed to me he was pretty self centered...just did not like the book at all....even though many people have recommended it.
I have been trading stocks for many years, but options for only about a year.  This book offers very little new information to help me, especially considering the other texts available on the market.  The main theme of this book is nothing new: Have a plan, money management, risk management, stick to the plan, treat it as a business...heard it all before.  As I read through it I almost got the feeling that the authors were intentionally being shallow in their explanations in order to drive business to their option education venture, which they mention on numerous occasions.The best piece of advice from the book is to read Mark Wolfinger's book "The Rookie's Guide to Options."  I would also recommend "Profiting with Iron Condor Options" by Michael Benklifa, and "Generate Thousands" by Samir Elias.  "The Option Trader's Hedge Fund" you can leave on the shelf.
The fact that she doesnt have many (if any) credentials left me wondering if all she had was good writing skills.
I never intended to even pick this book up.  The title didn't particularly interest me.  But it turned out to be an appealing little story, and a useful little handbook for dealing with change management at all levels and in all aspects of life.  Normally, I deem books like this condescending, but the story here is so typical and essential, I thought that it could actually be effective --- especially for those in upper management, whose comprehension levels are usually somewhat limited.  My fear, though, is that the book might do no more than serve as a downsizing handbook for upper management.  Nonetheless, there is value to be gained from the story --- value that can help one deal with any kind of change, be it job-related or in one's personal life.
Struggling with this book, it is anything but a book for beginners. Unless you are a god of linguistics or already know Sanskrit, probably better to start somewhere (anywhere) else. I will grant Coulson that - it is comprehensive...
Somebody recommended this book, and it was not quite what I expected. I've removed it from my Kindle again due to that reason.
I admit it; I am a business book junkie. I read dozens of books on the most unusual facets of business. It is often the case that I finish a book and I wonder what it was that drew me to make the purchase. OUTSMART was a classic draw. Who wouldn't want to be smarter than everyone else, certainly I would. So once again I made another purchase much to the chagrin of my family who are being crowded out of our home by my books.I suppose I found the book challenging from the very beginning of the book. One statement that practically slapped me down was Champy's statement that, "...if it works it must be right." How many business leaders profiled by leading business magazines followed the principle of pragmatism during the 80's and 90's,and were hailed as the second coming of a leadership revolution, only to be dismissed from the organizations that they plunged into ruin. But I pressed on; I had after all made the investment.I was then treated to a biology 101 overview of Darwin's great contribution to business thinking. Personally, I found this supposition tenuous at best. At the very least it was an honest opportunity to understand Champy's intellectual foundation which no doubt colors his approach to business. I am probably in a minority here, but I find this presupposition to be somewhat antithetical to what it means to be a good business person.Notwithstanding the early disconnect with the author and his philosophical point of view, I plowed on through the book and as is often the case, I found some things of interest. How can one not be intrigued by the creativity displayed in the book, of people who by the sheer force of their imagination or perception of an unserved need bring to market a product or service that improves the quality of life for others? You got to love that.I suppose we have three other volumes to look forward to in this series, I may be hard pressed to complete my set of four. I will just have to see. However, if it has a catchy title and appealing cover, I could easily be drawn in and make yet another purchase.
perhaps a novel which is too much viewed through rose coloured lenses. although well enough written i have always found the story to be somewhat absent. an uninteresting mildly nihilistic character, meanders through a brief and uninteresting plot. leaves me cold.
I read this book when it first came out, whenever that was.  Years ago. Back then I didn't know my elbow from a hole in the ground when it came to the Christian religion.  Disclaimer: I am not a Christian nor do I care to be.  On the other hand, I am deeply interested in Gnosticism.  So in the intervening years I studied everything I could about early Christianity, Judaism of two thousand years ago, the development of the Catholic Church, and so on and so on.  If I'd picked up Holy Blood, Holy Grail two years ago I might well have seen it for what it was...as someone else here quipped: a huge conspiracy theory with no more basis in fact than Bigfoot.  (I'd bet on finding Bigfoot before the bloodline of Mary Magdalene and Jesus Christ.) Of course, all power to Dan Brown and taking a terrific idea and writing a rather ordinary thriller around it.  He's certainly made his millions out of the idea. And he's tapped into a worldwide yearning for the Goddess, meaning Mary Magdalene.  Understandable.  In any case, I'm on a mission here.  I just read The Secret Magdalene by Ki Longfellow and if you really want a great read about the Magdalene and the man she called Yeshu, plus delving deep into what the heck they were all about in the first place, I'd buy that book if I were you.  The "secret" of this Magdalene is not something so easy as being the bride of Christ (ancient symbolism, all this) or having his children, or even being the Beloved Disciple (which she was)...no, the secret is the original teachings...long before the Church hid them from you knowing no Church that wished to hold great power could get far with Gnosis and finding the God within.  Longfellow's Magdalene is the most wonderfully realized companion-teacher-philosopher-beloved disciple-"woman" I've ever encountered.  She is unforgettable. Just like the Goddess who will not be silenced.
Nancy Atherton's Aunt Dimity series is sickly saccharin and totally silly. Half romance novel, half fairy tale, this book is neither funny or clever or exciting- it lays there like a chocolate covered brick. Crime solving ghosts just ain't for me!
If you like Crichton and haven't read this one, get it. But DON'T expect another  "Andromeda Strain" or [even] "Sphere" or "congo".It is FAR, far less "important" than "State of Fear"!{ His Novel "State of FEAR" is on my "Must Own list"}
At best, Judy Estrin could have consolidated her 254 page book into a 3-4 page Harvard Business Review article. Ms. Estrin certainly has significant experience and insight to offer, but fails to do so in this book. She relies heavily on other people's quotes and opinions ad nauseam. Ms. Estrin does not provide critical analysis and discussion of her own.
After receiving an audiobook for Christmas and enjoying it, I decided to listen to some of my favorite books while driving to work. I accidently bought the abridged version of Outlander. I thought they would only edit it a little so I opened it and listened to the first CD. The book is completely ruined in my opinion. They took out all the lovely backgground people and places. Plus the sex! After listening to the first CD, I bought the unabridged version which is 28 cds instead of 8. The new one is wonderful. It makes me want to get into the car to go to work! I will never buy an abridged version again!!
This book was so creepy I had to stop reading halfway through.  An older man travels back in time to manipulate a young girl and mold her into his future wife, bleh!! Talk about your creepy pedo vibes.  He is sociopathic and cares nothing if his actions (stealing for instance) hurt other people, as long as he gets his bride.  Then he gets her and it's all sex sex sex pop culture hipster references and more sex.  This made me roll my eyes.I give the book a couple stars for the interesting side characters only.
I'm staring this review with two stars because it implies that you can write a submitable screenplay in 21 days. NO YOU CAN NOT. I don't care if you're Goldman or Koepp, you're not writing anything you want anyone to read in 21 days--not from start to finish. But what you will do this get something out of you. There's something to be said for that.You can follow this method and get the script out. You will have a script. It will not be good. It will mostly be a plot with some bits of character in it. It will be a really sucky 1st draft. This book implies you can have something of quality in that time. I got a script out, then spent the next few years trying to fix it. That's part of the problem. The real work of writing is very hard. If you need to get something out in 21 days, you're looking at writing the wrong  way. If you don't have more than 21 days, do something else--please don't write.But if you have a story that is bugging you, inching at your gut or has been itching for years and you just want to get it on paper--use this book. It is good for that. You then take what you get and work it out--maybe you give it to someone who has more than 21 days and you collaborate. But please spend more than 21 days on a script.So the general rating for this review here is on the idea that scripts can or should be written in 21 days. The world does not need 21 day movie scripts. But if something has been bugging you and you just want to force yourself to get it out--this is a great book to help you do that.
I agree with the other reviewers who were left wondering why this book has gotten such good reviews.  At best it was tedious; at worst simply boring.  Silly plot, plodding descriptions of a confusing profusion of characters, none well enough drawn to draw us into their lives--it was difficult, right to the end of the book, to keep them straight.  A huge disappointment after all the hype surrounding this novel.
This is basically a fairly dry attempt at an historical epic. I'm familiar with Ms. Mehta's name, and had considered buying Karma Cola once. Here I'd hoped for historical fiction with a little edge to it. Nothing doing. No  twists, no edge, no juice to the story at all for me. Even the  travelogue-type descriptions withered for me.This has all the trimmings  of the engrossing saga, including the lovely cover, but I'm sorry to say it  didn't go anywhere for me.
Drivel and more drivel. A waste of money and time. It was  recommended in the NY Times. Don't know why.
I have been a great fan of Ian McEwan's novels for many years and I came across The Comfort of Strangers completely unaware that it was one of his early efforts. I started it full of the expectation which I naturally reserve for a favourite writer.I hadn't got far into it before the alarm bells started ringing.Quick plot summary. Two very strange and stupid people go on holiday and meet two lunatics who do really horrible things to them for no apparent reason.Colin and Mary are on holiday in Venice. For some bizarre reason the name of the city is never mentioned, and given that there is literally nowhere else on this earth that it could possibly be, it comes across as a particularly pompous literary device. Anyway, Colin and Mary are not speaking and we never find out why. They are preparing for their ritual evening of cocktails followed by dinner. They seem vague, detached, disinterested and bored. At the time I thought that this could be interesting as there is so much not said but having waded through this turgid tome I don't feel it's much of spoiler to advise you not to hold your breath.Well, anyway, for no apparent reason they suddenly forgive each other and decide to make love (and what a lacklustre event this is - indeed, describing their love-making in general the author informs us that they quite often nod off in the middle of a session) which delays their plans for the evening. Now here the author would have us believe that all the restaurants in one of the top tourist destinations in the world are closed by 9pm. Colin and Mary know this too but they go out anyway. They have been lost many times before but they don't take the maps. (What?) And what happens? Yes, they get lost!They meet a stranger called Robert who won't stop touching them - so much that they both ask him to stop. Robert takes them to a gay bar that he apparently owns. There is no food in this bar (the cook is ill) so they drink several bottles of wine. Robert tells them his life story. His father and his beastly sisters were very unkind to him. Conveniently, Robert speaks English extraordinarily well which absolves Colin and Mary of the necessity of being fluent in Italian.They leave the bar and Colin and Mary, having not thought of the most obvious solution to their present problem, that is asking directions from Robert who is a local, let him simply walk away and they continue being lost. They sleep in the street. (What?) They wake up very thirsty and can't find a cafe in Venice. (What?) Mary informs Colin that he hasn't shaved. This is actually not true at all. Their meticulous toilette was described quite specifically before they left the hotel 12 hours previously, including the detail that Colin was indeed shaving for the second time that day. It was just before they made love so she should have noticed it then (oh, of course I'm forgetting she was probably asleep!) They decide to go to the hospital of all places because they might be able to get a drink of water. (What?) Nothing happens but now they don't appear to be lost so much so they decide to head back to the hotel via St Mark's Square. Hey presto, there are some cafes here! They are still very very thirsty (indeed Mary's lips are cracked) but the nasty waiter won't give them any water. (What?) He does tell them where there is a tap but they ignore this and stay and order coffee. Robert happens to walk past and he invites them to his place. They accept and leave in a boat with him before their coffee arrives (still presumably dying of thirst).[If I may just interrupt here to say that I have been to Italy several times (including Venice) and the standard response when you ask for water is 'S&iacute;, Signore, acqua minerale o naturale?' - 'Yes sir, mineral water or natural?' Also this business of being lost is just not credible - of course you can get momentarily confused in those little streets but the Grand Canal is only ever a stone's throw away from anywhere, and I am mystified as to how McEwan can possibly expect the millions upon millions of people who have been there to believe that these two had to resort to sleeping in the street.]Colin and Mary wake up in Robert's house and they can't find their clothes. (What?) Mary does some shoulder stands anyway with nothing on. (What?) She finds a nightie so she goes on a tour of the house leaving Colin naked and alone. She meets Robert's wife Caroline (for the first time) who notices how Mary wolfs down the single biscuit she is offered, so staggers off to prepare many sandwiches for her. Mary doesn't mention Colin who is still alone and naked in the bedroom and who apparently hasn't eaten anything for about 36 hours. The two women discuss murder. (As you do). Colin joins them wearing only a handtowel. Caroline tells them she has been looking at them while they were asleep and naked. (What?) She invites them to dinner and they accept. (What?)During drinks before dinner Robert takes Colin into another room and punches him in the stomach causing him to collapse on the floor. (What?) Colin does not question this. (What?) He also doesn't consider it necessary to mention what just happened to the ladies when they rejoin them. In fact he doesn't tell Mary about it for four more days! (WHAT?) They continue with cocktails during which Robert fondles Colin's shoulders. (What?) After dinner Caroline invites them to return and they accept. (What?) She explains that she can't leave the house because she is so badly injured. No-one asks what happened to her. (What?) It turns out later that she has masochistic tendencies and she never really got over that last broken back (Huh?)Colin and Mary return to their hotel and, inexplicably, indulge in a 4-day frenzy of sex and gluttony. (What?) At meal times they have 1 courses each and 2 bottles of wine each. Not one hangover or bout of vomiting is mentioned. (Now, I don't know about you but I reckon Colin must be made of very stern stuff if he can consume such a vast amount of alcohol and still manage to ravish his girlfriend several times a day for four days). They discuss orgasms. Colin reveals that he has an aching emptiness somewhere between his scrotum and his anus. (Good grief! Do we really need to know this?) They also reveal some rather obscene fantasies to each other which I won't bore you with here. Suffice to say that I'm glad I wasn't eating at the time I read this.The next morning Mary reveals that while they were at Robert and Caroline's for dinner she saw a photo of Colin that Robert showed her. She apparently didn't ask Robert how he came to have this, nor did she didn't mention it then to Colin or during the next 4 days. (What?) She is very frightened. Colin would understandably be a bit spooked too but his reaction isn't mentioned.On a completely overcast day (the sky is described as being black!) Colin and Mary decide to go to the beach. Just before they leave Colin sticks his finger deep inside Mary, (What?) but they remind each other they are going to the beach and they pull apart to pack the towels. They have a bitch of a time finding a spot on the beach but they do and then Mary nearly drowns. Well, no actually she wasn't drowning at all - she was just having a lovely swim but Colin was absolutely certain she was in peril and spent ages stroking out to save her, nearly drowning himself in the process. (What?)On the way back they decide not to go all the way round the island so they get off the boat at a different stop and who should they run into? That's right. Those two loonies. So what do they do in their infinite wisdom? They go into their house. (Oh God almighty!)Need I go on?The grisly denouement is just as bizarre as the rest of it and will leave you scratching your head with mystification.
This book is 1/3 hiking, 1/3 animals, and 1/3 extentialism that bogs it down with boredom.  The intro is so boring you cannot help but wonder when it will end.  And the first 60-80 pages are a snoozer about religion and drug use.  It gets better during the trek, and the animal sightings.I found it odd that he ended the book without talking about getting home and seeing his kids...but then again, how much could he care about them if he was willing to go on an expedition 2 mo's after his wife dies...leaving his kids to deal with their mothers death without him.
OK, maybe 1 star isn't exactly fair, but this really could have been a THE boxing book.  After-all, Dundee has been at the heart of boxing for 60 years.  He must have seen and heard sooooooo much more than is in this book.Sure there are some interesting anecdotes, and cute stories but there is nothing insightful or revelatory.  He goes to great pains to make sure no dirt is spread on anyone.  I mean, he doesn't even address the issue of a Ali continuing to fight with certified brain damage.  The only mention of his first hand encounters with the ever present mob is when he said 'hello' to Carbo at a restaurant.  And when an interesting tidbit slips through the filters nothing comes of it.  Like when he mentions in passing that everyone in Buster Douglas' camp was terrified of Douglas.  It would have been nice to know why and what happened.The depth of story telling is on par with what you would hear on Jonathan Ross or Jay Leno.So I guess my one star comes from my huge disappointment that the book has been so thoroughly neutered and sanitized.
On the first page of The Life and Times of Michael K there is a beautiful similie - the newly born Michael's hare lip curling 'like a snail'. That's all you are going to get in terms of finely wrought imagery from here on in. The rest of this compact novel unfolds in tough, sinewey prose. Hard, spare and with a dry elegance that is Coetzee's signature style.Michael K is a gardener, a man of limited intelligence who lives a sort of hunkered down life, battling bravely on his own terms to live his life, and care for his mother in a South Africa riven by a war depicted in almost science fiction terms - it is ever present and brutal, though the political realities of it are rarely alighted upon. Michael ends up being treated appalingly - as a prisoner of war, and goes on hunger strike. But still he insists on connecting with the natural world in a feral way - there are many pages devoted to his careful tending of the world around him, growing tubers, finding fresh water to drink. He persists on living life on his own terms.It is an affecting story, but this novel, one of Coetzee's earlier efforts, fails to life off with the core human values, raising up worlds in the space of a sentence, that he has managed in some of his more accomplished works (in particular 'Disgcrace'). Much of the prose unfolds in a fairly wooden, workaday style, and I found reading it a little like chewing on bland oatmeal. It is sustenance allright, but nothing inspirational.
Whoever wrote this text could have shortened it by 200-300 pages and gotten the same effect and information across. The book uses good, modern examples throughout, but repeats the same points every section and sub-section which makes it really difficult to read. Professor probably could have chosen about 20 different texts than this one.
This book didn't help me very much in the actions of the Tao of Love, but rather a very good understanding and knowledge book about it. I learned some things from the boom, and easily gave this book away.
(SPOILERS BELOW) This book is terrible. It's like "Days of Our Lives" with English people and Oxford grads and lot and lots and lots of words. The characters range from despicable to annoying. The main character is both despicable and annoying.Here's the plot summed up: The main character Hilary Burde, an English civil servant, has an affair with the wife of another guy (named Gunnar) who he knew from Oxford. Hilary tries to kidnap Gunnar's pregnant wife, but gets in a car crash and kills Gunnar's wife and unborn child.Years later, Gunnar coincidentally becomes Hilary's boss. Hilary then has an affair with Gunnar's second wife. Apparently, Gunnar's second wife is attracted to Hilary, despite his poor driving skills.Hilary also has an affair with another friend's wife who, coincidentally, also has an affair with Hilary's much-younger roommate. Hilary also has an affair with Gunnar's second wife's maid, who's main job appear to be delivering letters to Hilary from Gunnar's second wife. (Apparently, English civil servants see a lot of action.)To top things off, although Hilary thinks his ugly sister is a virgin, Hilary finds out about halfway through the book that his sister had an affair with Gunnar while Gunnar's first wife was dying in the hospital. (I told you English civil servants see a lot of action.)(TRUE CONFESSION: I wrote the portion of the review above before I finished the book. I finished it last night, and the plot got even dopier in the last 40 pages or so.)At the end of the book, the second wife has a meeting with Hilary by the Thames. Gunnar (the husband) catches them. Gunnar and Hilary fight. The wife falls into the Thames and freezes to death. So Hilary is now responsible for killing two of Gunnar's wives! (I hoped for a sequel where Hillary kills some more of this guy's wives, but I understand the author is now dead.)However, the wife leaves some serious dough to her maid (the one that had the affair with Hilary). And guess who the maid marries? Hilary's old roommate. (The young guy who had the affair with Hilary's friend's wife.)Oh, and there's a character who's gay.  He commits suicide because, well, uh.... I have no idea, except that the author thought it would be fun to kill him off.  Go figure.How anyone can give this drivel 5 stars is beyond me. The only saving grace is that it was a Kindle Deal of the Day for $1.99. However, I want about 20 hours of my life back.
Rather psycological in my view. Gleaned a few points but...that was about it. Almost better to figure it out yourself or talk with a friend who is like you.
If you enjoy simply written self-help books or need help getting your head on straight before or after a life changing event, then you might find some value in this book.  But don't expect to find any earth shattering insights, or spend much time exercising your gray matter.  Simplicity is the operative word here.To it's credit, this book is incredibly short.  Any longer then the mouse/cheese premise would have worn extremely thin.  I consider myself a slow reader and was able to finish this in one sitting and still had time to negotiate peace in the middle east, balance the US budget and develop a cure for the common cold.The message is found in a parable of mice and men and how each adapts to the loss of their "cheese" (an allegory for whatever is your source of happiness).  This device makes it a bit more interesting - in a 5th grade chapter book kind of way - than your typical dime-a-dozen motivational book. But it's underlying corniness is difficult to overlook.  In short, heavy on cute and light on substance.The message is simple - recognize change before it arrives, adapt to the change, and overcome.  Oops - I just spoiled the ending.If you're in the midst of change (career, work, relationship, family, etc.) you may get a small morale boost from reading this.  But the biggest impact is probably felt by those that read it while NOT in the middle of change.  Never hurts to be reminded that change is always just around the corner.If this book comes your way then go ahead and read it, you'll not expend a lot of energy and you may be a little richer for it.  But don't seek this book out or pay full price - it's not worth THAT kind of effort.
This novel is simply one in the line of Finnegan's Wake. What I do is open the book at any point and start to read for a few minutes and then go back to a serious and more well rounded novel like something from John Barth or poetry by Neruda. I love the 5 star reviews on this website. They are almost always caught in the gloaming of excesses that accompany complete adoration and obscene misunderstanding.Well, I don't think I have finished this novel but at some point I expect to have read every page yet out of order. Really, does it matter. I get the feeling that this book was written by a very human robot on meth. That is all I can say for the author as he does not seem to care about his fanbase and rarely makes an appearance or even an interview available.Plot: uh ha, hahahahaha! Dear reader, you are not so worthy as to receive a coherent or even interesting plot as to find in your little 15 dollar booklet an ever increasingly disparaging amount of passages that seem to find worth in words but not in full syntactic sentences that ever cohere to anything resembling a readable or enjoyable novel. Burroughs and Kerouac and even Joyce minus Wake grew more and more obscure, yet still for the most part humorous and never condescending to the proficient student of literature (which is all of us). There are exceptions, of course, and I really will read Mason & Dixon if what I hear is true; that it in no way resembles this here profound yet meaningless template of wooden characterization and soulless passion.This book however seems overjoyed even zealous to go from one subject to the next incorporating 3 more subjects in the last line and then divulging to the next 2 subjects within a half line more, all the while introducing four characters of who none will appear again except if you are lucky 350 pages later in some crazed paranoiac rant or dream that is really in truth only mildly interesting to peruse and read or judge. It grows tedious. With the release of Pynchon's new novel a mere half decade or less after Against The Day--almost inconceivable by past practice--I have come to the conclusion that he may be a hack, part genius, but ultimately a robot in disguise; a fickle heartless machine of a man out to make a living just like everybody else. Haha, maybe not quite that bad. He's obviously very talented.But don't come expecting to be absorbed. Come in to see the wonder of words and nothing more really.
was not impressed by this book at all. I found myself bored and doubting the entire time.. Also unsure why the book is called worry less...
I was so terribly excited to read this book, being both a huge fan of scientific literature and someone who avidly devoured the book &quot;Perfume&quot; by Patrick Suskind.  Scent fascinates me.  Instead of the enlightening work I was expecting, this book was a strangely disjointed amalgam of mad scientist generalizations, kneejerk underdog defense, and the romanticization of a scientist (Turin) who I never quite believed in.  Every time I felt Burr was getting to the meat of scent theory,  he would glance off into a fervent defense of some peculiarity of Turin's behavior.  It's all well and good that Turin is an eclectic jack-of-all-sciences with an apparently engaging overblown ego.  That kind of character makes for a good story.  But I was looking for the *science* of it all.  The argument that Turin is right simply because the rest of the scientific world is against him doesn't fly with me.  And the starry-eyed fanboy writing style wasn't enough to keep me engaged.  I give this one a cranky two stars.
I am puzzled by the all positive reviews of this book.The writing is clumsy: the book is filled with bloopers and clich&eacute;s and it consists of run-on sentences, choppy sentences, badly composed sentences and mismatched sentences that prevent the narrative from flowing naturally. Moreover, the author has a tendency to jump around without focus, scattering irrelevant clauses and non-sequiturs all over the place. The problems are so persistent that I doubt they would have been worth fixing through editing. Indeed, it seems to me that Ms. Torabi would probably have been better off hiring a ghostwriter than an editor.Here is a typical sentence from the first page:"Psych Yourself Rich is based on the principal [sic ... yes, she really used the word "principal" here] that our financial lives--much like life in general -are powered and transformed by personal choices and behaviors, both of which are rooted in our values, perspectives, goals, and financial means."For me, this is painful.Even so, beyond its awkwardness, the writing still has a certain sense of urgency and earnest navet&eacute; to it. I have no doubt that Ms.Torabi means well; I am sure that she truly believes that she is presenting an important message. Indeed, I also think she is right that a book which applies insights from psychology and behavioral economics to money management could be valuable to many people.  Indeed, for those who can overlook the poor and inconsistent writing, there might even be something of value in this book.Different strokes and all that ... as Robert B. Parker put it:"I think finally good writing gets out there, and people like it, and bad writing doesn't. Well, no. Bad writing does get out there 'cause some people like it."
I have enjoyed this author very much in the past.  This book, however was not as well written a story.  I would not recommend it.
As a MBA student, I can't imagine which business theories could be applied to a presidential campaign. I did not learn about TV ads or public speeches. To be honest, this book felt like a method for reaching out to the intelligent crowd and for advertising in a cost effective way, i.e. who spent their hard earned cash on the book? If you are a Obama supporter or are simply curious about him, then this book is for you. I'm personally apolitical, so it did not sway me either way. I'll be sharing my book to my political friends and see what they think.
I listened to the audio copy of this book and it is too raunchy for my taste. Christine Baranski, who reads the book makes most of the characters sound like stuck up snobs, unlike what Bette, Goldie or Diane do in the movie.The movie, at least, gives the story humor and keeps the sex at a minimum.
Well, I looked it over when it arrived, and it just didn't appeal to me.  So I threw it on the kitchen table and forgot about it.  Don't know where it is now.I should also make mention that while I was in Italy, it seemed like nearly everybody I talked to there spoke English.  So learning Italian, while it would have been nice, wasn't really necessary.
the idiots who put this book together placed a segment of 35 pages in upside down and backwards.... who lets that kind of mistake pass thru quality control.  there was no info on my invoice like a number to call or a place to email to complain and return the book.  This book was under the description as "NEW."  Very upset with Amazon lately.
This year's Current still lists "CFS" (aka ME) as "Fatigue & Chronic Fatigue Syndrome...p.39" in Chp.2 "Common Symptoms." Need it be pointed out once again that ME is a severe neuro-immune disease not Idiopathic Chronic Fatigue?I refer the authors to the 2011 ME International Consensus Criteria for accurate information on MEI apologize to anyone who feels this review and negative-rating is overly focused on one disease. Giving it one-star could be misleading to people who don't have time to read this review, who assume that I think the whole book is terrible. This is a definite negative to my giving it one-star. However, all of the inaccurate info on ME causes a huge amount of iatrogenic morbidity and even some mortality. It is so important that this be addressed that I believe this benefit outweighs the detriment I mentioned. I understand if you feel differently.I would love to give Current a five-star rating and will very gladly do so if an accurate entry on ME is substituted. I do think it is generally a very good work. Pls take info from the ME ICC, supra, and/or contact me for more info or to find an authority who will draft an accurate piece on ME for you for free. Thank you.There are some accurate statements in the piece on ME, but many harmful inaccuracies taken from studies or articles by proven frauds such as Simon Wessely and which use the Reeves and Sharpe definitions of "CFS" which are both patently invalid on their face.Here are a sample of the egregious inaccuracies in this article:"Persons with confirmed CFS report a much greater frequency of childhood trauma and psychopathology...""Acyclovir...and low-dose hydro-cortosone do not improve symptoms.""There is a greater occurrence of past and current psychiatric diagnoses in patients with this syndrome.""All patients...should be reassured that full recovery is eventually possible in most cases.""Graded exercise has been shown to improve functional work capacity and physical function."
This book was recommended to me - several years ago - by my sister. She absolutely adores this book. I tried, I really did. I just couldn't get into it. I'm not Christian, but I was really turned off by all the anti-Christian sentiments expressed right off the bat.
This book is very technical.  I bought it to gain some knowledge about boat building as a hobby.  I guess that if you are an engineer you would have a better understanding of the various graphs and instruction, but it wasn't that way for me.  Just take this as a warning that if you want something simple to read, this is not the book.  Maybe if I were to have built a few boats (which I have not (yet)) I would have a better understanding of the topic.Only two stars because it was not what I expected, not because it was not topic orientated.
This book is annoying with frequent plugs to some other books the author wrote. What I found is  page after page of filler material from dot-com era names (mostly). No credibility what-so-ever.For growth stock investing techniques with a very clear description of high probability chart patterns, read Bill O'Neils books.If you want to be extremely selective about bull market leaders along with certain intriguing market dynamics, read Brad Koteshwar's books.
&#34;Midnight's Children&#34; is often considered one of the best novels of the last half-century and in the same league as &#34;One Hundred Years of Solitude&#34; or &#34;The Tin Drum.&#34; The comparison is apt, as all three of these books are long, slow, rambles through multiple generations that combine personal narratives with broader political themes and rely frequently on magical realism. I loved &#34;Solitude&#34; and what I've read of &#34;Drum,&#34; but for whatever reason, the same style comes up short in &#34;Midnight's Children.&#34; It might be a change in my tastes, but I suspect that Rushdie struggles more to give his story meaning and make the characters and plot twists realistic.This is a hard book to summarize. It doesn't even really have a plot in the conventional sense of the word; stuff just sort of happens. The central narrative is the life of Saleem Sinai, an (originally) well-to-do Muslim from Bombay born on the eve of India's independence, but it's also about his family and the various characters that orbit it. Saleem isn't even born until 130 pages into the book. We find out about his grandfather, a doctor from Kashmir, who met his wife after visiting her for checkups over an extended period of time despite only seeing her eyes (she is shielded by a sheet). We find out about his mother's disastrous first love, a poet in hiding from politically motivated murderers. We find out about his father's pay-off of Hindu gangsters in Delhi and how it goes strangely awry. And then we find out about Saleem's various childhood friends, a crazy Dutch doctor who lives in a neglected floor of his house, a business partner of his father's who's interested in land reclamation, a psycho teacher who yanks out some of Saleem's hair. Most of the book just seems to consist of strange incidents and personalities; some of them figure into the story at certain points later, some of them seem to be included just for color.The central thread, as much as there is one, is that Saleem, along with other kids born at the same time India was, has superpowers. He can read minds, and uses it to convene a telepathic conference of the other &#34;midnight's children.&#34; It's an interesting concept, but it goes nowhere. They (mostly) don't meet or interact with each other. Saleem doesn't even use his ability very frequently. As can be expected, another theme is India's early, sometimes turbulent, development as an independent nation, and we see the Sinais get mixed up in important historical events - the Amritsar massacre, the language movement in Bombay, and two wars. The book actually goes into a lot of detail about Pakistan as well (since the Sinais are Muslims), and the action moves to Pakistan and Bangladesh for a few chapters. Even though you would think the Sinais have divided loyalties, it's not really explained much.To Rushdie's credit, he is a good writer and knows how to spin tales. Each chapter is a smorgasbord of bizarre characters, flavorful dishes, unlikely events, the unique cadence of Indian English and some clever turns of phrase. It might be the least predictable novel I've read; aside from one prediction (the character Saleem is narrating this to suuuuuure seems into him), I had no idea where the book was going. That alone kept me reading. I also commend Rushdie for helping to introduce foreigners to South Asia's fascinating history and culture. But I disliked this book from start to finish. It is meandering and rambling and lacks a clear central thread. Too many plot twists seem to have been pulled out of thin air and are dramatically unsatisfying. Certain segments seem entirely pointless (what was the point of Saleem living with Uncle Mustapha?). Saleem himself, while sympathetic enough, is not a very compelling protagonist, especially later in the book. Some of the Sinai family members are also irritating, although that might have been intentional (like Reverend &#34;whatsitsname&#34; Mother). The whole book can be annoying; even some non-magical elements seem unrealistic or contrived and occasionally Rushdie comes off as a bit of a show-off.As you can probably tell, I have very divided feelings about this book. I have great appreciation for Rushdie's achievement, and I kept reading to see what crazy thing would happen next. There are some exciting, unexpected plot twists. But for the most part I can't recommend this, and most of the reading experience was a steadily mounting realization that this wasn't a story with a climax or resolution and Saleem was just telling us about the strange twists and turns of his life. I also have mixed feelings about watching the movie: I'm very curious how it's done, but I also think this would be a terrible novel to film. The more you condense it, the more it just becomes &#34;stuff that happens to Saleem.&#34;
Gallons of ink have been spilled over what Gertrude Stein labeled "the lost generation." The label was used primarily for American expatriates who flooded into Paris after World War I. Ernest Hemingway was a central figure, no doubt because he documented their lives in such books asA Moveable Feastas well as this one. The author was a literary icon of the `60's. I've been re-reading his works; still found much excellence inTo Have and Have Not (Scribner Classics)but it took significant will-power to finish "The Sun Also Rises."The story is told through the eyes of Jake Barnes, who had the most feared of war wounds, which meant he could never consummate his relationship with Lady Brett Ashley, who had been his nurse during the recovery period. Obviously it was frustrating for her, which may have been the reason she managed to bed most of the other characters in the story. There are a half dozen other principal characters, including another woman. Jake is a reporter, but there is so little factual news that the reader cannot even tell if it is the early `20's or the latter years of that decade. The novel is an account of their toing and froing; they are immensely puerile and self-absorbed. The inane conversations, ah, "the dialogue" so often resembles today's: "Eh, what's happening. Nothing, how `bout you." It was excruciatingly painful to read. And it was devoid of any sign of irony on Hemingway's part.The novel's settings are primarily in Paris, and towards the end the "action" moves to Pamplona, in Spain, to see the bull fights. But the backdrop for the character's passions and quarrels is so one-dimensional; I thought it might be like going to Las Vegas to see the Pyramids, or the canals of Venice--a totally ersatz experience. The French and Spaniards in the story are just so many props... there is no real insight into their character. And overall, there is pitifully little to learn about these societies during the inter-war period. The main thing Hemingway seems to get right is the street names in Paris. And certainly the restaurant, the Closerie des Lilas, remains a "destination" for American tourists because of him.Then there is the madness of bull fighting itself, which can be off-putting to more sensitive souls. I saw one, briefly, in Arles. At least in the one I saw, the horses had thick pads which protected them; in Hemingway's book, they did not, no doubt reflecting the reality of the event.Shallow characters, insipid, whining interactions, set against poorly described "exotic" settings. I rounded up to 2-stars, and wonder if I should retry "For Whom the Bell Tolls (Scribner Classics)
I enjoy reading just about anything, so I figured I would give Faulkner a try. Somehow, I had managed to escape reading this one all the way through college and in book clubs with my friends.  Other reviewers have basically laid out the plot and characters, but to me the chapters with the Benjy section, then Quentin, then Jason, followed by Caddy (whom I enjoyed) were boring and never-ending. Caddy "searches for the truth and reality of any situation."  I must confess that I didn't understand a lot of the symbolism in the novel, nor I did care to or worry about the whole thing. So I went to Cliffs Notes for some help (don't tell the college literature professors), to speed up the painful process. Maybe in another 30-40 years, I'll try another Faulkner novel. Jason's "success in life is due to the fact that he feels no love for anyone..." which was similar to how I felt about this book. No love, fellow readers.
I had to read this for Language Arts last year and I absolutely hated it. No matter how many times I reread the Staves, I still couldn't understand it. It is just a bunch of details, not a tied-together broad image. If you like to get confused and are in High School or older, be my guest and read this monstrosity.
Let me start by saying that I'm glad I didn't buy this book, but instead borrowed it from my local library.The Rule of Four was hyped as a must read for all those who loved Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code and imho far superior earlier book Angels & Demons. The Rule of Four doesn't even come close to matching Mr. Brown's works. I found it boring, pretentious, and a real chore to read. I kept plowing on thinking it would get better. It didn't.  The only thing this book does right is the marketing -- which rides on the coat tails of Dan Brown's successful, entertaining and very readable novels. Do yourself a favor, don't believe the hype and pick up Angels & Demons instead.
a slightly 2-hr reading on how to proceed to implement a sequential negotiation technique...very sequential as a point to maintain both's platform not to be deviated, ultimately to achieve a possible win/win scenario..other scenarios are also provided...alright to read
I can't believe it took almost ten years for Harris to write this sequel to Silence Of The Lambs!  Not worth the wait!  Red Dragon and Silence were far and away much better reads.  One can only hope Mr. Harris'next novel (rumored to be another Hannibal novel)is as spine-tinglingly terrifying as he is capable of!
It is a rare occasion when I do not finish a book.  An even rarer occasion when I don't finish a romance novel.  I can read pretty much any romance novel and no matter how bad, I finish it.I did not finish Outlander.  I couldn't.  I am absolutely shocked at the hundreds of reviews that are giving it 5 stars and gushing about the romance between Claire and Jaime.  And all the love for this book is not just on Amazon;  I've met enough people (and in particular it seems like non-readers and readers who don't like romance are fans) who have recommended Outlander and it even beat Pride and Prejudice  on The Romance Reader Top 100 List.  I just don't understand.Here's what I took from Outlander (I got to about page 550):  Gabaldon's editor was on vacation.  The book is too long and filled with unnecessary details, plot components, and random observations.  The pacing doesn't make sense; sometimes it seems like Claire was at Colum's keep for 10 days, but then you realize she's been there for like 30 minutes.  Another novel component that doesn't make sense?  Claire.  She adapts way too comfortably to medieval Scotland.  And here is the worse part for me:  Jaime is only ok.  That's it. He's not an awesome character (and neither is Claire);  in fact, they are both pretty immature and in the case of Claire, selfish.Long story short (literally):  Outlander starts out ok and then around page 300 you start to feel that, like Claire, you have been sucked into another time and place, albeit a boring time and place, and that you will not be able to recover the time you've spent there.  If you are looking for a good romance, my vote is still for Pride and Prejudice.
Religious fanatics are usually at their worst when trying to convince others of their exalted status in the afterlife, and unfortunately Lewis, who makes no bones about the Christian message in his books, falls into this trap in this, the concluding volume to the Narnia series. It's as though his urgent need to proclaim The Word has blinded him to the fact that the story in The Last Battle has a confusing, paper-thin plot, relies on racist stereotypes, glorifies violence, and is full of plodding, frankly boring characters. The Lion Himself doesn't even show up until the very end, and for once I had to ask myself why: Why doesn't he show guidance to the bedraggled King Tirian and his befuddled troop of talking animals and children? Because Lewis wants to save him for the fireworks at the end--fireworks that prove to be mostly duds.It's not that Lewis isn't (or wasn't, rather) capable of writing inspired, mystical prose; he does this very well (despite a few hilarious anomalies) in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. But the concluding sequence that's supposed to parallel the Book of Revelation is but a pale reflection of the breathtaking conclusion to that epic sea voyage. (Which is ironic, since Lewis, ever the heavy-handed scholar, even slips in a Plato reference while describing the "old" Narnia as but a pale reflection of the so-called ecstatic "real" Narnia that our blessed, now-dead children romp through at the end.)The Christian references land everywhere, like stink bombs. We have the false prophet (Shift Monkey), the unbelievers (Dwarfs), the minions of Satan (Calormenes), and of course Satan (Tash). Nowhere does the story explain who Tash is, and his role in the scheme of things, why the Calormenes are so mean, and particularly, why Aslan decided to just chuck the whole Narnia thing to a feast of Giants and Monster Lizards at the end. None of it makes sense.Part of the problem, too, is that Lewis can't seem to make up his mind whether he's writing a clever fairy tale or a religious tract. When the story swings into Full Metal Apocalypse at the end, I can't imagine any children actually enjoying this thing.Oh, I suppose it makes sense if one is a white, Born Again Christian Anglophile who loves allegories and...oh, gee, I forgot, all of those have already left for New Narnia.One more thing, very curious. Lewis may have had misgivings about his brutally racist depiction of the Calormenes, because at the end he slips one of them into Paradise. This soldier in Tash's army is presumably let in because, while he never consciously embraced Aslan, the Good Lion evidently decided he had a good heart and was pursuing the Noble Truth; he just hadn't put the right label  on it. Which sort of goes against everything any evangelical Christian has ever said. Had Lewis wove such interesting philosophical hairballs into the rest of his story, it would have made for more palatable moments, if not a workable plot.
I looked at this book when I was just starting out working on IPsec. I had read the RFCs once but felt I needed a good book since the IPsec protocol is pretty complex and the RFCs are not very well written. I did not buy this book but scanned it thoroughly in a bookstore. The book seems to repeat what the IPsec RFCs say without adding more to it. There are very few figures in the book to explain the concepts. I ended up buying &quot;Demystifying the IPsec Puzzle&quot; by Sheila Frankel which is a much better book.
While historians aren't well known for their colorful writing, I found this book an exceptionally dry read with biased information at every other page.  By biased I mean that it is very clear the authors opinions are the fuel for much of the commentary.  Some of the information in the book is insightful, for example the process a "snake charmer" has to go through to keep the dangerous cobra. (they have to remove the fangs) They are portrayed as starving no matter how much trouble they've gone through to catch and de fang the snake.  I don't know that all of them are, but this is the "unveiling" of the romanticism about the ideas many have about snake charmers. There are definitely good parts, but seeing as how I am not adept in Indian History, I don't know how to compare this with other Indian History books.  However with the authors history, and with my knowledge of other cultural history books, paired with the concerned reviews,I wonder how reliable this book is, and why it was used for a beginning Indian History class.  I did learn from it, but I really do believe that there are far better works on Indian History, simply from understanding that a well written unbiased book is what is needed when reading about history.
The author of this book is employed by Moody's (a rating agency) and excuses himself from discussing the role that the rating agencies played.  In fact you cannot fully explain how the financial meltdown occurred without fully disclosing the role the ratings agencies played and their culpability.  It is not possible to avoid future meltdowns without adding reform of the debt rating system to the plan.I was frankly amazed that a Moody's employee would even have the nerve to write a book like this.  I was further disgusted to see that he excuses himself from discussing the role the ratings agencies played (supposedly to avoid "a conflict of interest").  I noticed that the book had a first printing in July 2008 so it was probably done sometime in 2007.  That may have meant the book was mostly done before it was fully clear how bad the securitized products, that Moody's and their ilk had unleashed upon the public, were.  These financial products, that are currently causing a slow-motion destruction of the financial world, were, for the most part, stamped with "US Government quality" triple A ratings.By and large, people are not NEARLY angry enough at Moody's, S&P; etc. and that is probably because they don't understand just how culpable these ratings agencies were.  This book, and this author, had a unique opportunity to really explain that and did not.  However, the truth did come out in congressional hearings aired on C-SPAN.[edited on 2/3/09 for clarity]
This is the worst ending of a series I have ever read. In fact, I'm so disappointed I wish I could take back reading all the other books leading up to this one. I want all those hours of my life back so I won't lie there at night thinking "what a rip off" after book 13. Yes, the repetitiveness of his vocabulary explanations was tedious and so was the ever insisting "Don't read this terrible book!" Warnings. It turned out to be a self fulfilling prophecy, he said it so often that it came true...it WAS a terrible book. (Some of you may take the following as spoilers...but I'm trying to be vague and save you all time).a)Don't expect to ever REALLY know about any of the mysteries in the book or what VFD really was.b) Don't expect to see the Quagmires or ANYONE that really mattered throughout the whole series except for Olaf.c) Don't expect to solve anything having to do with their parents.d) Don't expect to even know how things ended for the Baudelaires. I wish I was joking...I really do...but sadly I'm not.So basically you invested a lot of energy and emotion (I did) into something with no end, no payoff. Mr. "Snicket" probably finds this all amusing and laughs at me over my disappointment, but I for one like plots to have a plot and an end. I think he lost his way around book eight.It's like he got tired of everything he'd written up to the point, threw away the draft he had for the end, and then sat down to type up anything that took up a lot of pages and just left you hanging. Maybe thats in case he writes book 14.
&quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; is considered THE book for teenagers. Well I'm a teenager, I read it, and I hated it. It was a boring, pointless narrative of some whiny rich boy complaining about everything he beholds. Maybe I'm missing something, since most teenagers love it, but frankly I don't understand the hype.
This book was confusing and uninteresting to me. It was not what I thought it would be.
Pedestrian would be the best description.  Nothing new here - just a rehash of Silence of the Lambs, and not in a good way.  Isn't anything that hasn't been seen in works by Stephen King or John Saul, and the ending was  not shocking but just plain strange.
For years I have wanted to read this book. I never had the chance to get around to it until recently. Now that I've read it, all I can say is the hype is extremely overrated. This book is about nothing and goes nowhere. It is about a boy who, without any particular reason, hates everything about everyone. Nothing significant ever happens and the main character just wanders around his home town late at night complaining about how everybody is phony. Okay, fine. Everybody is phony. Do something about it. After I finished reading this dribble, I literally sat and stared at the last page for a moment wondering how to get back all the time I'd wasted. This book is linked to conspiracy theories, presidential assassins; controversy is all over this book. Why? Maybe it's because people were so angry that they wasted time reading it, that they became violent. I'm sure that in the 1950s and 60s this was considered edgy because it talked poorly about society. But today the subject matter simply doesn't hold up. Stay clear of this one.
This had to have been the dullest book I have ever read.  I waited through out the whole novel for something to happen!  All it consisted of was some man leading a boring life.  Yeah I know it was called SEIZE THE DAY but  really, do we need to be put through the agony of hearing of someone else's  continuous problems that were all self inflicted?
I read a lot of Auster's books and did not like this one at all.compared to the other books that i read by Auster I found this one to be boring and kind of silly.
Anna Tyler's "The Accidental Tourist" is the BEST romance novel I have read in 63 years. It is so good that I decided that I was going to read all her other novels. But reading this one left me feeling, like, "what happened?" So what I did is read all the other one star reviews, and they are right on target:"I'm not sure why I finished this book. I guess I kept waiting for it to "save itself" and it didn't.""I didn't see the appeal of the church. Why was he drawn to it except for this "forgiveness" business which wasn't adequately explained.""I gave this book a 100 page chance and still could not get hooked. B O R I N G. ""I found [this novel] very depressing and unrealistic, how this young 17 year old basically throws his life away for no reason at all.""This book is chock full of two-dimensional characters, facile hope and forgiveness."The only character that stands out, IMHO, is the oldest child, Agatha, who appears to be quite intelligent, at least in comparison with the rest of that family:Give me one good reason I should have to go to church," Agatha said on Sunday morning. "It's hypocritical to go! I'm not a believer.""You can go to Grandma and Grandpa's church if you prefer," Ian told her."Listen carefully, Ian, I'll only say this one more time: I am not a believer.""Take that business of the fig tree," Agatha said as she let the front door slam behind her. "Jesus cursing the fig tree.""Jesus decides He wants figs," Agatha said. "Of course, it's not fig season, but Jesus wants figs anyhow. So up He walks to this fig tree, but naturally all He finds is leaves. And what does He do? Puts a curse on the poor little tree.""Next thing you know, the tree's withered and died.""Agatha," Ian said, "there's a great deal in the Bible that's simply beyond our understanding.""Beyond yours, maybe," Agatha said. "Or Noah's Ark: how about that? God kills off all the sinners in a mammoth rainstorm. `Gotcha!' He says, and He's enjoying it, you know He is, or otherwise He'd have sent a few sample rains ahead of time so they could mend their ways.""Or Abraham and Isaac. That one really ticks me off. God asks Abraham to kill his own son. And Abraham says, `Okay.' Can you believe it? And then at the very last minute God says, `Only testing. Ha-ha.' Boy, I'd like to know what Isaac thought. All the rest of his life, any time his father so much as looked in his direction Isaac would think--"Ian said, "Agatha, it's very bad manners to criticize other people's religion.""It's very bad manners to force your own religion on them, too," Agatha told him.This is the best exchange:Ian: "there's a great deal in the Bible that's simply beyond our understanding."Agatha: "Beyond yours, maybe,"Ian: "Agatha, it's very bad manners to criticize other people's religion."Agatha: "It's very bad manners to force your own religion on them, too."
I like the author's other books. This one really disappointed me. Van Tharp is right in the foreword that those early paragraphs on trading psychology is substandard. He wrote that the rest of the book is much better, which I completely disagree. It's just too hard to tell the key point of it. If I got it right, the author simply tells you to "Do swing trading, mind the charts and trade more", yet there's no practical guideline at all on how you can trade with your gut, or how you can improve your ability to trade with your gut. I am obliged to warn novice traders of the high risk of trading using your gut feeling without solid ground. We are no Soros. In short, not recommended.p.s.1. Despite my negative comment above, I still would like to share with you the only three favorite passages of mine there.Wisdom is the capability to have "strong opinions, weakly held." pg47The qty of buyers vs sellers doesnt drive the price; it's the relative desperation of those buyers and sellers. pg69Trading using a long term trend following approach requires the ability to stomach sizeable drawdowns, which most people dont have the emotional construction for. pg992. Ironically, I find what can easily summarized the author's pages of elaboration in another book "Erronomics" pg174: The grand (chess) masters had superior memory for the positions of the pieces only when the positions made sense - that is, when they were part of a pattern recognized in the big library. In many cases the knowledge of pattern acquired by experts is so deep, their libraries so vast, they are able to create in their heads mental models of how a sequence of events should play out and quickly - almost instantly - detect problems.
It's easy to see why this is the last of Nesbo's Harry Hole books to be translated into English. The characterisation is flat and stereotypical, the plot is ludicrous and the book way overlong and poorly edited. The Australian setting stretched credibility and the Harry Hole character seemed to be missing something when deprived of the Oslo backdrop. Poor stuff, not a patch on the later novels.
Don't see the movie first---the book is very different and not as humorous.Plot is good tho--try it first before the movie.
Hannibal Lecter is a fascinating character but he surrounds him with very bad writing.
It gets one star from me as I lost interest in it.The basic advice in the book seems to be to work harder than everyone else, don't make many mistakes, dress right, be polite and nice, suck up to the bosses and everything will fall your way.
Selling to the executive suite seems to be the Holy Grail for a B2B salesperson. Why? Because executives make decisions. But, they usually don't take cold calls. So, while the author spends significant depth talk about how to sell to executives, they spend very little time talking about how to get your foot in the door. Think about it this way: Are you on the do not call list at your house? So are 99% of all executives. Hence these people are very good at fending off cold-callers at work, that is if you get to them directly as opposed to an assistant who is even better at fending off cold callers. Thus, penning an entire book that is based on the premise that you're already in the door and pas the gatekeeper is a huge leap for a salesperson. Why not just assume the CEO already wants your product and their pen is hovering above the dotted line. What salespeople really want to know is how to get to the top, not just what to do once you get there.
This book is so horrible, it's hard to believe that John Grisham could have written it. The storyline is unbelievablyimplausible and very poorly written.  Someone decides to take a cruise over the Christmas holidays and not decorate; hmmmmmmm.  This is a reason for the Spanish Inquisition.  The entire neighborhood is up in arms; yep, it happens every Christmas, doesn't it?  I really like Grisham's other books but this one is just plain stupid!
Even the bad reviews here are too kind. What can I say about this book? Let us start with Chapter 7, which is about exceptions and error handling -- as applied to parallel programming you'd think. But there is nothing about parallel programming and nothing good about exceptions in this chapter, which reads like a blog written by a C++ programming beginner who has just stumbled upon exceptions and thought, hey this is cool, nothing of the sort in Fortran, let me write about it.Section 9.2 talks about using template functions for parallel programming. Their examples are of the sort: (if rank is 0, let us call the multiplies() fn that is templated on int; if rank is 1, let us call the multiplies() fn that is templated on double). What were these people smoking?Section 9.3 overloads stream operators (&lt;&lt;,>>) to do MPI send/recv. This is bad design because the rank of the other process (for one) is an input to the MPI functions, so there is a stream class per other process - which is more messy than convenient. A better design would be to make a communicator class with send(), recv() fns taking the other rank as input. This would also support collective (gather, scatter) communication. Not to mention *unbuffered* MPI send/recv calls can be terribly slow, so there should be some buffering support.This brings to my basic gripe about this book: it is incredibly shallow. Of course it is garbage to an expert, but even to the dullest of beginners it can be of little use. Just about anything that you can find on parallel programming or C++ is better than this.
After almost two months of trying to read this installment of the Outlander series, I have come to the conclusion I will never be able to finish it. Life is too short to continue wasting time reading a book that you don't like, waiting for something to happen and bring the magic back. The earlier books by Gabaldon I completely devoured- Jamie and Claire and beautiful, unique, and so much fun to read about! Even in the previous novel, which wasn't as good as the others, I feel more in love with Jamie and even found room to adore Bree. The Fiery Cross has no plot is filled with unnecessary details. You think something is going to happen, but then it just falls to the wayside and we go back to reading pages and pages of unnecessary information. I HATE leaving books unfinished, especially ones that I was so excited to read! It is a shame, but it isn't worth it to keep reading a book you don't enjoy. I, terribly, have lost my interest in the Outlander series, and maybe one day I will just read a summary of this book and try the next installment, A Breath of Snow and Ashes. Don't waste your money.
Most of the exercises in this book are not so much projects on the raspberry but projects in python. The last few sections of the book are the only sections which cover GPIO and programming exclusive to raspberry pi hardware/addons. The author unsurprisingly advertises one of his products for the raspberry pi in this section. Add in the fact that a lot of the code in the book is broken; especially, in the games. And the fact that the website that supposedly has all the code in this book didn't work for weeks when I purchased this book. What you get is an unorganized book from an uncaring author just looking to make a quick buck. Not a good python programming book, and definitely not a good raspberry pi book.Bottomline: Save your money and buy yourself some real pie instead.
I agree with another reviewer: this book is not worth reading for its prose.  The cover got my hopes up--perhaps this would be an irreverant, clever review of the many mistakes and learnings as we have explored the strange new world of distributed computing over the last several years.  Something like Gregory Pfister's excellent "In Search of Clusters" (ASIN 0138997098).Instead, this is a very turgid, encyclopedic survey of the topic, without much to guide the reader.  For instance, distributed object-based systems are very old, why doesn't Tanenbaum mention their myriad problems?  NFS, with its attempt to make remote filesystems look local, and extensive kernel hooks, can be very painful to use and operate.  You would not want to write a distributed file system like NFS today!  How was that not mentioned?  Instead, this book treats all distributed systems as if they had equal worth and utility, with dry comparisons of features, and no sense of what the core lessons of distributed computing have been.This is obviously one book in a chain aimed at the academic market.  Perhaps it has a place there, but I wouldn't want to be a in a class that used this book.
The author should be a politician not a writer.  This book is painful to read because it goes on-and-on but doesn't actually say that much.  The same material could have easily been covered in 300 pages.
After reading all the rave reviews, I bought this book.  Honestly, I'm wondering if it's ever going to "pick up."  Seems I have to keep reminding myself who the author is talking about, as she skips from thought to thought and person to person. Also lacks some very necessary punctuation.  Seems like I'm reading the same thing over and over and over and I have to push myself to read another page.  Boring!I'm about one-third thru this book.......please, somebody, tell me to keep going as it WILL get interesting!
There are people who market their consulting services by writing glowing 5 star reviews of *every* new book that appears on Amazon. Ignore these people.Here's an honest review.This book is basically the business version of "Chick Lit". The author's real passion is for recounting her affairs with various billionaires. First, there's Bill Gates with whom she had a one stand. Frankly, I thought Bill was too much of nerd to do this sort of thing. Then there's another short-lived relationship with Oracle's Larry Ellison who, according to her, has "buns of steel." Talk about TMI! Finally, there's a third mystery billionaire who is never identified.Then there is the tiresomely long section on her problems with her New Age guru. He turned out to be a con man just like most western religious leaders. Apparently she couldn't see this coming.The remainder of the book consists of high school level "wisdom" on how to succeed in life. For example, you need to master GSD (Getting Stuff Done). What a great insight!To pad RfR out to book length she throws in a completely out-of-place chapter (CEO as Cash Extraction Officer) near the end on business funding sources which feels like a quickie Google "cut n paste" job.The book's greatest strengths are the catchy chapter titles. Just scan them and you will absorb the book's total value in seconds.Before the dotcoms exploded the author claimed to be a venture capitalist. All I know of her exploits as a VC is that she appeared in a business magazine sitting in a bubble bath wearing nothing but a cowboy hat and holding a cigar. That picture sums up the author nicely: a self-promoter and lime-light seeker with little of substance to offer the reader.I was really hoping to like this book since there's so little writing from female entrepreneurs. Unfortunately, it's just disappointing fluff.
I really can't say much about this book as the story doesn't have enough substance to critic but if they do make it into a movie I hope they go for the comedy genre. The guy who had the lead in the 1999 movie &quot;The  Mummy&quot; would be great for one of the leads.
On the one hand, if you can figure out a way to drink all the fluids on this diet, I'll bet that you loose weight.  On the other hand, you won't be able to leave your house because you have to pee constantly because of the volume of fluids!  This is essentially a strictly low carb diet, with portion control.  Anyone who is able to stay on it will loose weight.  I couldn't do it.
This is one of the worst marketing and sales books I have EVER read!  This book is a joke, right?I'll take that back.  If you know a 13 year old kid thinking of starting a lawn mowing or baby sitting business, then on second thought, this is a good book to read.For anyone over the age of 13, this is a cliche written piece of junk.
The beginning of this book had a &#34;grab you&#34; moment, and that was the end of the interest.  I had chosen this book for my book club without having read it beforehand and concensus among my fellow readers ... worst book read by our club.  We all agreed that to live a life with aspergers, autism, etc. is extremely difficult for everyone involved.  The book did give you a good incite into what goes on in the mind of someone afflicted, but there wasn't any cohesive plot to follow to make it interesting.  We all felt that due to the lack of a good story, it made this book very monotonous.  Sorry.
I've made it to page 80 but am giving up.  I only stuck with the book this long because I kept thinking it was going to get better, based on the 3 pages of rave reviews on the first few pages.  But, it's just too slow and dull for me and I have too many other good books to read.  I am mystified how 500+ people have given this book 5 stars?
Full of formatting errors, this book was impossible to read. After ten pages I gave up. It Italicizes text at random, from single words to entire paragraphs.Of course this has nothing to do with Faulkner himself; had he seen his book on my Kindle Paperwhite I am sure he would have agreed with me.
Like everyone else who's ever read it, I've been haunted by Daphne Du Maurier's 'Rebecca'. I read the early reviews of 'Rebecca's Tale' and knew I was taking a chance, but I figured what the heck. Early into 'Rebecca's Tale', I was captivated and couldn't put it down. It seemed a marvelous twist on the original. Then--what can I say?--new age sensiblities started raising their ugly heads and the whole thing desolved into a feminist rant. Sally Beauman's portrayal of Rebecca is particularly strange. This woman/child in no way matches the original Rebecca, who--even though dead before the story takes place--is still a powerful character. Beauman's rendition of the second Mrs. De Winter is even worse. She turns her into cardboard. It seems to me that the further Beauman got into her book, the less it had to do with the original, and the more it became a polemic on coming out of the closet. The main message was 'don't let a man tie you down!' That said, I still gave it two stars because Beauman's prose is quite evocative of Du Maurier's and the first section by 'Colonel Julyan' is superb.
I don't think I can finish the book in its entirety--partly because it's clumsy and difficult and partly because Penrose has given me no reason to buy into the big-picture arguments he makes on consciousness.Whether his motivation is theism or simply a "science is presumptuous and arrogant" mindset, it seems to me that Penrose fundamentally operates in a nonscientific manner here.  He takes an incompletely-understood effect (human consciousness), rejects the simplest explanation (materialism), and crafts a clouded and speculative alternative explanation instead.Whatever happened to Occam's Razor?  Do we really need to invoke such esoteric explanations for human consciousness?  And at what biological level does Penrose believe that algorithmic, materialist processes stop accounting for the observed level of awareness--bacterium?  Insect?  Chimpanzee?Another reader characterized this book as "a poor man's G&ouml;del, Escher, Bach."  I agree, in that it reiterates many of the topics that Hofstadter's brilliant work covered nearly a decade earlier.  There are at least two huge differences, though: first, the magic of GEB is the remarkable way that Hofstadter tied everything together into his grand thesis.  In contrast, Penrose throws in ideas like non-periodic tiling but does not manage to integrate them into his whole.  Of course, the huge difference is that GEB was a great ode to the limitlessness of conscious reason (whether human or not), while this book seems like little more than a rear-guard lament.Granted, some will still read my review as an arrogant, presumptuous, and ill-informed diatribe.  Well, I'll stick to science and progressivism.  We still haven't lost a knowledge battle--there are just some we haven't won yet.
Who the audience of this book is supposed to be?The writing style is monotone and boring. I hardly could finish reading this book.How come the FT rated it as the 2008 book of the year??? Is it because the books kept on referring to articles published by the FT???Are deals and bias found at this level to???
This book had a damaged cover and discolored pages.  I sneezed as I read it.  Also, the font was very small which put a strain on my eyes.  If my book club had not selected it, I would not have read it.
I can't begin to tell you how dreadful this cookbook is. How it received a rave review from chef Jeremiah Tower I don't know. Let's just take one recipe: Cepes (Porcini mushrooms. Chef (?) Hopkinson tells us to fry them in olive oil until crusty and golden brown and finish with chopped garlic and a squeeze of lemon. If you live in the United States and can find good porcini mushrooms (which it doubtful) please don't destroy them by frying them crusty brown! Ugh! Slice them (he doesn't mention this)and saute in extra virgin olive oil and garlic for a few minutes. Add salt. Lemon destroys and changes the taste of these expensive mushrooms (unless they are served raw - in which case they must be small and very firm so they can be sliced thinly),and adding raw garlic at the end is a really bad idea.Chef Hopkinson also mentions that if the stems feel hollow it is an indication of worms! Nonsense. I have lived in France and in Italy for many years - where I taught Italian and French cooking. I always felt the stems to see if they were firm - because they grow hollow after being kept a day or two too long. I never found a worm in a cepe (firm or hollow)in 25 years.I'll not bore you with more than one more example of his silliness: For the anchovy and onion tart he says to "Sweat the onions until you get a thick mush"  Unheard of. Onions are cooked (sweated) in olive oil until they are soft and slightly colored...unless you like mush!I hope Mr. Tower reads this and responds.Most of the recipies are ridiculous. Salade Nicoise without the tuna? If you buy cheap lousy tuna (instead of a good Italian brand)that's how it will taste - but if you don't like tuna make something else. We don't need to pay  $25.00 for a book that tells us to leave out the tuna, do we?Lastly, I hope you're not cholesterol conscious. This "chef" loves his cream and butter to excess - even when they are unecessary.I returned the book to the shop.The man is a legend in his own mind.Save your money - and your stomach.
Although this book has a copyright date of 2001, it apparently was written in early 2000, just at the start of the NASDAQ crash that ultimately resulted in a loss of over 75 percent of its value.  Consequently, the author refers to a period of time when stocks traded in fractions, and high-flying tech stocks trading in the triple digits were &quot;momentum&quot; traded by daytraders.  After the crash, many of those tech stocks trade in the single digits, all stocks now trade in decimals, and the &quot;momentum&quot; daytraders and their daytrading brokerage firms are now history.  The author makes numerous references to &quot;shadowing the axe&quot; using Level II quotes to determine who is on the inside ask or bid.  Nowadays, ECNs virtually always sit on the inside ask and bid, making it impossible to utilize that strategy.  Even if a market maker had a large enough position to sit in front of the ECNs, he most likely would route much of his order to an ECN where it would appear anonymously in order to disguise his intentions.The problem with writing a book about trading strategies or systems is that the markets are constantly changing, and trading systems become obsolete and must evolve over time.  What doesn't change is the emotions and psychology of the people who compose the markets.  The author states numerous times that trading is about 90 percent mental.  While this is in fact correct, he then only briefly touches on the mental and psychological barriers that must be overcome in order to trade successfully.  The best books on trading understand this, and are devoted almost totally to this subject.There are also numerous inaccuracies.  At one point, he details a month of trades from an &quot;anonymous&quot; daytrader who allegedly made 731 trades during the month, of which 377 were winners, with those trades averaging $93.03 profit.  He then claims the trader netted $68,001.35 for the month.  If you think about it for a minute, this is a mathematical impossibility.  Also, he makes the typical mistake in believing a broadband connection is necessary to receive timely streaming quotations.  Broadband speeds up downloads only with large size files.  Streaming quotes do not fall into this category.  I have timed my quotations against a T1 connection using an atomic clock accurate to 1 millionth of a second and have detected no difference.  I do not use broadband, as it is not available in my area.If in fact the author is a successful trader, it would have been much more productive for him to detail his own evolution as a trader, as well as the evolution of other specific successful traders he has known.  This is the information that would be most useful to new traders.  Unfortunately, the author only briefly discusses a few of his own trades, and gives no information whatsoever on the path he traveled to reach competence, assuming he has reached that level.  It would also be interesting to see how he is trading in the post-bubble market, if in fact he is still trading successfully.
The Turtle experiment is a famous exercise carried out by Richard Dennis, where he gave 12 strangers two weeks of training in his methods of stock trading, 20 days of practice trading and then gave them millions of dollars to trade in stocks. Curtis Faith was one of the original Turtle Traders and the primary point of this book is that to be a successful trader, you have to develop an intuition or gut instinct when it comes to stock trading. According to Michael Covel's online commentary at [...] "Curtis Faith is not the most successful Turtle trader. In fact, he may be the least successful of all Turtles as research shows (see more)." Covel goes on to describe financial statistics to back up this claim.After reading this book, I agree with Covel, I found Faith's arguments that you must allow your right brain or intuitive side to become dominant over the rational left side and allow your intuition to determine when to trade your stocks largely full of fluff. Faith's arguments relating the progamming concepts of training neural networks to the act of a human developing intuition to be a quantum stretch of analogy. I am a computer scientist that has worked with and programmed neural networks and the level of complexity of the human brain so dwarfs that of the most sophisticated neural network that the analogy is rendered useless.Experience-based intuition is based on having seen the same clues, hints and patterns before and it works well in chess, where an expert player can grasp the situation in fractions of a second. Faith also uses this analogy but it once again is a very weak one. Despite its' complexity, chess is a simple game played according to a few rules on a relatively small board against one opponent. The stock market is a mass psychology where at any time an unforseen event anywhere in the world can dramatically change the psychology.There were no facts or data regarding a record of success or any other argument put forward in this book that in any way convinced me that the development of trading tactics based on a gut feeling without study would be successful in any sustained way. Faith cites George Soros as depending on the pain in his back when deciding what move to make. I have read some of Soros' writing and he is a very smart guy who makes very effective use of his left-brain reasoning powers.
Skip it.  Anyone who says you can avoid losses in all types of markets but mean you need to stash your cash under your mattress.  Stick to time tested market fundamentals and bypass the hyperbole.Oh and billpeyton, I'm confused regarding your math  &lt;&lt;This is 6% a month or 66% a year!>>  Last I checked there were twelve months in a year, so 6% a month would be 72% a year, assuming constant returns.  If this method is working for you, great.  I prefer to invest to the beat of a different drummer.
The simple truth about this book is that it is utterly lacking in genuine scholarship.  It is, in fact, pure speculation based on nothing resembling valid evidence.The purpose of the book seems to be that the &quot;Holy Blood&quot; - the bloodline of the descendents of Jesus Christ - began with the marriage of Jesus to Mary Magdalene - the &quot;Holy Grail&quot; - at Cana, and the subsequent birth of their child.Quite obviously, then, the whole book depends on the production of some kind of proof that Jesus and Mary were indeed the bridegroom and bride at the marriage at Cana where Jesus is said to have turned water into high quality wine.Without the marriage and the child nothing else in the book amounts to the proverbial &quot;hill of beans&quot;.So, does the book make a good case for this central claim?No.In fact all it offers is page after page of &quot;if&quot; this, &quot;if&quot; that and &quot;if&quot; the other.  And that isn't the worst of it.  A little careful reading shows that the authors aren't even sure what the marriage at Cana was about.  So, at one point they write:&quot;From the account in the Fourth Gospel, the wedding at Cana would seem to be a modest local ceremony - a typical village wedding...&quot; (page 348).Got that?  The marriage at Cana was &quot;modest&quot;, &quot;local&quot;, a &quot;village wedding&quot;.Okay, let's move forward just 16 (sixteen) pages and see what the book says about that same event:&quot;And the wedding at Cana would seem to bear further witness to Jesus's status and social position.&quot;This wedding does not appear to have been a modest, humble festival conducted by the 'common people.'  On the contrary it bears all the marks of an extravagant aristocratic union, a 'high society' affair attended by at least several hundred guests...&quot;All things considered, the wedding at Cana would seem to have been a sumptuous ceremony of the gentry or aristocracy.&quot;  (page 364)Well, I'm not sure how anyone can come to two such diametrically opposed descriptions of a single event and claim that they are indeed both describing the SAME event.How does a &quot;modest local ceremony - a typical village wedding&quot; manage to also be &quot;an extravagant aristocratic union&quot;, &quot;a sumptuous ceremony of the gentry or aristocracy&quot; and &quot;a 'high society' affair attended by at least several hundred guests&quot;?What is patently obvious is that in a rational world these two accounts definitely DO NOT describe the same event.And if the book can contradict itself in such an extreme fashion over something as simple as a wedding feast, what possible faith can one have in anything else it says?The book is indeed about an illusion, it is most definitely based on nonsense, and it certainly looks as though it assumes that its readers will register off the scale for gullibility.An insulting and unsavoury book of no discernible merit whatsoever - not even as trash fiction.
While I admit to occasionally using the phrase "in the trenches" to describe software development, I generally consider military analogies to be inappropriate descriptors of how software is created. A military organization is composed of a rigid command hierarchy where orders are not to be questioned. No software development shop could ever be run in this manner. Military subordinates can be screamed at, ridiculed and within general guidelines that are sometimes exceeded, abused. Once again, that strategy does not work in the business world.The worst military analogy offense in the book is chapter ten, "Psychological Warfare." While keeping a team functional using psychological techniques is a well-known tactic, the means of psychological warfare are completely different. The authors admit this when in the chapter they utter the sentence; "Mastery of these techniques should provide tools for effective persuasion in both group situations and face-to-face interactions." There are many problems in that sentence. An argument that techniques used to psychologically weaken an enemy in warfare will prove effective in working with team members in a business setting is absurd. Also, there is the key word "should", a weak word indicating that the authors are not convinced that these tactics will work.This absurdity also appears on the back cover in the form of the blurb, "With hands-on exercises, real-life war stories and a take-no-prisoners attitude, `Software Architect Bootcamp, Second Edition', won't just help . . . " I have no idea how the authors of this book conduct their businesses, but in the development teams I have worked with, that kind of tactic destroys the consensus necessary for people to work together effectively. In fact, I have no idea what a "take-no-prisoners attitude" is supposed to mean in a software development environment.While I found the military wording to be an unnecessary distraction, there is some good advice in the book. Using architecture in the same sentence as software is a relatively new phenomenon. Recently, the complexity of applications has grown to the point where developers have split into different areas. There are still people who write the code, but now there are others whose fulltime job is to develop and manage the overall structure of the application. These people, commonly called software architects, need to be trained in ways completely different from the code writers. While they need to learn how to put software components together, they also need to be trained in how to articulate their vision and convince people by rational argument. The authors cover the different aspects of software architecture and end each chapter with a set of essay questions that are partially answered.I really have ambivalent feelings about this book; it does contain a great deal of useful information regarding software architecture. However, the absurd analogies weaken it when compared to others, so that is why I only give it two stars. I would not use it to train software architects.
I tried to read this twice. I so wanted to have a great book to read on vacation and thought maybe I just need to get past a certain point, but alas, no, sadly that was not the case for me. I found it both dull and hard to follow.
I should have read it for our bookclub.  I could not get through it.  It was too slow for me.
Hannibal is a just plain lousy book. Thomas Harris appears to be mocking his loyal readers by giving them a poorly constructed plot and a ludicrous ending. Perhaps that is why he has not written a book in over ten years. He  spends more time in telling us about Italian Renaissance History as  relating to the Italian cop and what pigs can do to a poor soul than  framing a concise narrative.The villains are boring and Hannibal himself  appears at times to be a good guy. As for the future of Clarice Starling,  the book makes me totally uninterested in her fate.
This book was on my medieval history course's required reading list...and it was dreadful.  I'm not sure what was hated more...the fact that the author never ONCE cited her research or that she attempted to give her subject a personality without any basis in fact. If you want to know what life was like as a peasant there is a future professor, I would have severe doubts about using this in any course except perhaps historiography. If anyone had turned this book in as a senior thesis, no professor of mine would have accepted it; they would have ripped it to shreds for the lack of citing.
It might be a good book, but it didn't worked for me. Its to much talking and very few site building.
Good enough for the money. You might get more from a college textbook, but you'll pay a hell of a lot more. My only caution: be careful on the digital editions. I got the Nook version (sorry, it was a gift, I'd rather have had it on Kindle), and and it looks like a crappy scan. There are a *lot* of errors and malformed characters. That's ok if you're already a pro, but if you're just some poor slob like me who's trying to teach himself physics, it doesn't take long to lose confidence in *any* of the answers you read.I hope that's not true for the Kindle version. A better alternative in the Schaum's series that I'd recommend over this one is the paperback "Schaum's 3,000 Solved Problems in Physics (Schaum's Outline Series)" by Alvin Halpern, Ph. D.Update: 3/17/2012 I tried to give the book another shot, and instead came back to remove one of the stars. Horrible book. If this is the same guy, then it's all starting to make sense:[...]
I purchased this book after reading a number of the previous good reviews. However, after completing this book I think it is the most inaccurate computer book I have ever read. I have been supporting and consulting with Windows for almost 10 years, I have my MCSE 4, and I spent so much time re-checking the facts in this book I could have read another one! They can't even get the requirements for Windows 2000 correct: Their requirements listing on Page 5 is totally different than that on Page 77! (This was the first of many problems I found).If you are new to Windows NT/2000, DO NOT GET THIS BOOK, as you won't know enough to separate the inaccuracies from the truth. If you are experienced with Windows NT/2000, DO NOT GET THIS BOOK, as it doesn't provide you any more info than the Windows help.
This book was overwhelmingly bad.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because it managed to keep me interested enough to finish the book.  While reading it, I kept asking myself &quot;How stupid can these people be?&quot;I kept reading the book in hopes that any one of these characters would have some redeeming quality, but that never happened.  They were bad characters from Page 1.  Whenever I thought this book couldn't get any worse, it did.I had no sympathy for the main characters.  They were pitifully self centered and constantly acted to their own demise. The character I came closest to feeling sympathy for was Behrani, but then the writer would invariably add a trait that would make me lose sympathy.Also, Dubus' style of writing in changing from first to third person was highly frustrating and unsettling.  I wish he had just picked a style and stayed with it.I was very unsatisfied with this story and wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
This is a review for the combined foundation and advanced programs; I put it here because this course has the most reviews of the two. I gave two stars because it's a friendly, simple, quick program for learning some of the basics of this challenging language. There aren't a lot of good complete beginner programs out there, and this one can definitely be helpful, depending on one's language learning plan. Having said the positive, what follows is a detailed explanation of several things that I didn't like about it. ''Although my level in Mandarin was intermediate when I did this program, I was about to drive across the US, and wanted a nice, not too challenging program to put in my CD changer. My only previous experience with MT was French. Unlike this course, French was an MT original. What I most liked about the French course was that it taught the majority of common French grammar in a short amount of time. And reading the ads for Mandarin, the same thing was promised. So I was greatly disappointed when I found out Mandarin teaches a much smaller percentage of grammar. I'm no expert, but I would guess where French teaches 90%, Mandarin only teaches 25%. So you might wonder, what do they do with all that extra time? The answer is, they teach tones. ''Was choosing to teach tones instead of grammar the right decision? I can't say it's the wrong thing to do; you have to learn tones in the very beginning of your studies, so if this is the first thing you do it might make sense for you. And I can't say their method for teaching tones is bad, with their color and hand signal association, and constant correction throughout the course. But I had already learned tones and pinyin before taking the course, so I was hoping to find a course that was more grammar focused like the French course. As I mentioned, I can't say their method is bad, because I didn't use it. But it is without a doubt inadequate for someone attempting to use it as their sole source of tones. One will need to do further studies on tones - there is just not enough information offered here to make someone good at tones. For example, very little was mentioned about sandi. For example, it was not even explained what happens when two 3rd tones come together. Also, I actually can't remember if they explained about length and pitch of tones because these things weren't policed. It was somewhat painful listening to the male student say ni (you). Especially when he said nihao. He was told to use a third tone for ni, but listening to a native speaker use a 2nd tone, due to sandhi, so no wonder he was confused, and no wonder his voice was unsteady. ''Another way in which the program is inadequate is general pronunciation. I don't remember any attempt to explain the difference between q and ch, or x and sh, for example. If there was an attempt, it certainly wasn't enforced. Of course, this concept is easier to grasp if the student has had an introduction to pinyin. But the distinction should have been made, and it should have been enforced. ''Now you are getting an idea of my philosophy of how one should start Mandarin. I believe a firm grasp on pronunciation and pinyin are the most logical choice. This should include tones and tone sandhi. At that point, programs such as this one are much more useful. That doesn't make this program useless, but it does require one to know it's limitations, and it's proper place in one's entire language learning plan. ''Regarding mnemonics, or memory aids. I use them often, especially when studying languages that have scripts which are quite different from English. So I have nothing against them. But I only use them for words that I have trouble remembering. The fact that this course provides mnemonics for every new word was somewhat annoying to me, but I can understand that words that are easy to remember for one person might be hard for another. What I don't understand is the low quality of the mnemonics. Most of the mnemonics were word-link type. For example, the mnemonic for shuo1 (speak): George Bernard Shaw was a great speaker. This is what I consider a good, fully closed mnemonic. I think of speak, which leads to the great speaker, George Bernard Shaw. Shaw sounds like shou1, so it is a fully closed loop. But there were many poorly thought out, wide open mnemonics. For example, the mnemonic for zhou1zi (table): You walk into a room in New York, and there's a jaw lying on the table. Although jaw, with the New York accent, comes close enough to zhou1zi to be an effective aid for me, there is no association between table and jaw, so the mnemonic is open. I'm not saying a mnemonic of this type won't work, I'm just saying that closed word-link mnemonics are much more effective than open, and ideally all of them should have been this type.Now let's talk a little more about grammar. This was a huge disappointment to me. I expect Pimsleur to give me pronunciation, Learn in Your Car to give me vocabulary and sentence reinforcement, and Michel Thomas to give me grammar. When a program forgets it's purpose, as perceived by it's loyal following, people are going to be upset. So shame on you, any creator of Michel Thomas courses who doesn't try to cover the majority of grammar in the Basic + Advanced courses. You are using the good name of Michel Thomas to sell a very different product. Obviously Mandarin and French aren't the same, and require many study methods that are quite different. But that is no excuse for changing the main goal of the course - grammar.The grammar that was covered here was covered quite well. But one thing in particular that really annoyed me was all the bragging about the way they teach particle "le". I agree that le is one of the most, if not the most, difficult piece of the common grammar puzzle for foreigners to learn. And I agree that what they teach works well. But they don't teach you all the major usages. In fact they only teach 2 of the 7 major usages. And of course, the worst thing about it is that we had to endure something like 5 minutes of victory dancing by the English speaking teacher. To bad they didn't use that time towards teaching more usages.Measure words are also a shortcoming. Why they felt it was appropriate not to explain that different nouns may require different measure words is a mystery. And although it may be alright on some grammatical level to use ge4 for book, I have never heard a native speaker say this. In fact, if I don't say ben3, they tell me I'm wrong. In addition to ge4, they actually used bei4 for tea, etc. So they had more than one measure word, but failed to explain the relatively simple grammar point.Another very annoying schpeel was about the word for hotel. Hotel is an interesting word in Mandarin, as several words have been used over the years, and it's not obvious to the western learner that the meanings of the characters add up to "hotel". So I wouldn't mind them using a long schpeel to explain this interesting phenomenon. However, I do mind that he declares the wrong word to be "hotel". He says it's fan4dian4, which literally means food store. In the past, this word was sometimes used for hotel, but is now used almost exclusively for restaurant. He says it's used for Hotel in Beijing. I checked with several close friends from Beijing, one of them my girlfriend, and they confirm that it is used for restaurant. What my friends, teachers, and personal experience tell me isHotel = jiu3dian4 or bin1guan3Restaurant = fan4dian4 or can1ting1These are the most common usages. You can use fan4dian4 for hotel, and often be understood by context, but it's not the most common usage, and they should not have spent 5 minutes claiming something false.I also failed to understand/enjoy the occasional reference to Yiddish and Hebrew. I would guess that very few native speakers of English learners understand either of these two languages, so I fail to see the logic of including these references. If you're trying to lighten things up a bit by comparing with other languages, why not use some that are understood by a higher percentage of English speakers? Like Spanish, French or German for example.In summary, I gave the course 2 stars because I did find some use for it, and I can imagine many language plans in which it could fit into nicely. However, I couldn't give it a higher score because it covered a relatively low percentage of common grammar. I also found the explanation of tones and pronunciation incomplete and the mnemonics poorly created. I was really annoyed regarding the bragging about the teaching of le, over usage of ge4, lack of explanations regarding measure words and the incorrect pronunciation of the word for hotel. Finally, I didn't appreciate the usage of languages that aren't understood by a high percentage of English speakers as a tool.
Claire seems to get over being thrust back 200 years verra quickly. This is the most unbelievable and obnoxious part of the book for me. Except for the first couple of days back in the past, she doesn't register any surprise at anything she sees! (She is a great sport, apparently!) She makes one or 2 comments about not bathing, never says anything about shaving, brushing her teeth, or any other modern luxury. No comment on the food, dress, how she sees people behaving, the contraptions people use in everyday life, etc, etc. This should have been the most interesting part of the book! Yet, her time traveling is completely glossed over. (The author was obviously in a hurry to get to the sex, which is what most of the rest of the book seems to be about.)Claire must not have even liked Frank that much, because she forgets him in an instant. (And when she does remember him, it's with lukewarm feelings at best.)At most, her hands "shake" out of shock of what happened to her.And then when Jamie finally finds out about her, the author then glosses over his reaction. (Because you know, time traveling is a completely normal occurence.) The part where Claire describes the future is literally a paragraph. (To paraphrase "I told him about cars and planes. He really liked the descriptions.") No shock, nothin. Apparently, Jamie is a good sport too.Also, for someone who at the beginning of the book had such a disdain for history, Claire seems to recall an inordinate amount of historical facts when thrust back into time. (So I am expected to believe that Claire, whom would zone out whenever her husband discussed history, all-of-a-sudden can recall dates and events of Scottish history? come on.)This book isn't bad, but it's dissapointing because it could have been so much better if the most interesting parts (i.e. being thrust back into a completely different time period) weren't completely skipped over.I willn't be reading the other books.
This book has to be the worst grammar/language book I have ever read! This is coming from someone who has learned two other foreign languages.This book is horrible. You don't even learn plural noun forms until a few chapters into the book. Then they make you wait until the chapter on the genitive case to find out the adjective forms for these plural nouns!A lot of good this will do someone who wants to communicate with Russians right away.Granted Russian is a tough language: there are 6 different cases to learn and lots of exceptions to rules. However, the way this book is laid out and organized only makes it harder!I know because I have found a few web pages that teach Russian more effectively than this.
I really enjoyed reading this book. It is passionating science fiction! It only has one drawback: the authors want you to believe this is serious history. Which it by no means is.
no, i didn't buy this crap, i got a free copy at the blackhat conference in vegas, and left it there in my hotel room.  every book like this is a joke, the sad thing is the guys who write this crap are actually getting a lot of money writing.  it's an old, tired, subject and the author has no clue, just tries to cram it with useless &quot;hacking&quot; info.  my friend had the source code to one of his exploits published in one of these books, it was easy for them to do since they didn't have this real name.. but why do they include exploits in the actual book?  they don't explain them, and they are just printed on the pages...  anyone who would buy the dumb book sure isn't gonna be able to understand.. what are people supposed to do?  type it up in ms word?  if you're reading the reviews to this book for any purpose other than to laugh, i pity you.
It's like taking advice from Barry bonds or lance Armstrong.  Take performance enhancing drugs and train hard.  Metzer took tons of steroids and lifted weights, that's the truth and his advice.  Great advice metzer (sarcasm)
Who moved your cheese?  I'll tell you who moved your cheese!  Your company's accountants moved your cheese.  And they ain't gonna move it back, no matter what you do.Apart from the infantile, patronising tone that the author adopts, he does something insidious.  He makes it seem like it's YOUR FAULT that you've been downsized, demoted, or unsuccessful.  In this day and age, that's simply a lie.This book is more than dumb.  It's dangerously dumb.
This book makes no sense.  I normally enjoy books of this type but this one was incomprehensible.  Didn't even finish it.
I have been an avid reader of Anne Rivers Siddons books since &quot;Homeplace&quot;, written in the late '80's.  Her last three books, have been very disappointing to me including &quot;Islands&quot;.While Siddons still has a &quot;feel&quot; for the Carolina Lowcountry, where I live, she has lost her ability to make her characters seem plausible and alive.  Her plot in this last book is disjointed and boring.  I almost put it down without finishing it but then read about the strange ending so I perservered and sure enough, the ending was terrible.  Upon closing the cover I had to pronounce it a waste of time and the ending disjointed from the plot.  It made no sense to follow these close friends through years of ups and downs only to find out one is a murderer!  I sincerely hope Ms. Siddons can and will return to her writing style that was present in &quot;King's Oak&quot;, &quot;Colony&quot;, and the &quot;Outer Banks&quot;.  These, to me, are her best efforts.
George DeWolfe is an internationally recognized photographer. He is well known for his workshop on the master print, and I believe this book is based in part on this course. (I have not taken the course.)It's important to realize that this book was written by a photographer with decades of experience in darkroom work. Thus visual evaluation of prints is paramount to obtaining his desired result. So DeWolfe recommends leaving auto settings off, and your eyes and brain to 'see' the print. The workflow he presents uses an approach I have not seen elsewhere, and my initial trials are very pleasing. He suggests that in Adobe Camera Raw, saturation be reduced to -100 to view a B&W; version of the image, and adjusting to achieve the best image based on luminance values. Saturation is restored afterward. This makes perfect sense photographically, and it works! With too many Photoshop books being written by Photoshop gurus with little talent in photography, this is a breath of fresh air!What disappoints here is that there are so few examples in the book on evaluating images. This is clearly DeWolfe's strong point and more would have been better. Indeed, he shows a number of "images from hell" he uses in his workshops to show case what can be done with his technique, but these are not included with the book, or available on his web site. He also describes a process he calls outlining, but unfortunately there are no explicit details.In general, I would say that the author has assembled a collection of Photoshop techniques he has learned to use very well, and, of course will work for the reader. Many go back several versions in Photoshop, but are no longer current or best practice. For example, he describes a workflow which creates a set of layers for global, local and defect correction, based on a layer copy of the original image. This should lead to non-destructive adjustments, and in fact he recommends saving this layered version in case future adjustments are necessary. However, in one example, he applies separate balancing corrections to the left and right sides of image copy layer directly then saves the file. Neither of these changes can be re-adjusted individually, other than by adding more corrections on top, or deleting the layer copy and start over. It is quite possible to make identical adjustments using the gradient / mode technique on real layers that can be individually changed later.This book promotes the use of a few specific tools, especially Optipix 3.1, to achieve certain outcomes that would usually require tedious and repetitious effort to achieve. I have no problems with this since several additional tools, as well as comparable Photoshop features are also discussed. An Optipix Demo is available for download and evaluation. Such time saver tools are wonderful if they meet your expectations.His discussion of interpolation to larger image sizes is based on comparisons of third part tools with the Photoshop "bicubic" interpolation method. But Photoshop CS2 has a new and much better tool for this called "bicubic smoother" that improves greatly on bicubic. Thus you might be mislead into using a tool that is less capable than Photoshop. Again, trial versions will be useful before purchase.The author devotes some attention to correcting color casts and white balance in Photoshop, an important and frequently needed adjustment. He totally omits any discussion of the use of gray cards in the establishment of more exact settings. While final white balance and color are always the prerogative of the artist, this seems really strange for an Ansel Adams 'trainee'.Overall, I find the book decidedly under-edited. There are several areas where the reader can become confused. Pages 142 and 143 describe adjustment of overall contrast and brightness for grayscale images. However the resulting image has a distinct color cast vs the original gray. Looks very much like a selenium toned B&W; print! Perhaps this is the intent, but it is not described as such. Pages 144 to 147 show a similar adjustment for color (RGB) images, yet the image appearing in the channel clipping displays is not the image being adjusted. Go figure.On page 59, the use of a Wrattan 90 to previsualize contrast is described. This technique is well known. (Ansel Adams has given similar tools to his workshop students.) But the original photograph shown, as we discover later on page 178, is not the original image, but one greatly modified though the suggested workflow. So what is the Wrattan 90 really doing?So, two stars for the fine and unique content provided by DeWolfe on visualization and use of desaturation in the image work flow. Follow his Photoshop technique initially, but read elsewhere for finer control in Photoshop. Let's hope the second edition has more DeWolfe!
i got this hoping it would be good as step 1 firstaid book but its miles away from it. Its missing a lot of important topics. U need to supplement this book with a lot of things. Just don't bother to get this, get step up 2 medicine and step up to step 2 and do questions and review courses. good luck
Bought this based off reviews and I think it was on sale for .99. This book wasn't really awful but just boring. I read the entire book looking forward to my "other" book waiting for me. Sadly this was not for me.
Even for a die-hard Grisham fan, this book was very very lame.  The writing style is definitely Grisham, which is a good thing, and the fact there are not any lawyers in the story is not necessarily a bad thing.But the plot itself is incredibly weak, to the point of being almost non-existant.  The character development is shallow and predictable.  The "suspense" of who is painting the house is a joke.I couldn't believe how slowly things developed, until I realized that he had developed them as far as he was going to - and that was it.  End of book.  Do yourself a favor, don't buy this book new.  It's a waste of money.  If you absolutely must read it, pick up a copy at a garage sale or a used book store.  And don't say I didn't warn you.
When a writer needs more than Queen Victoria's quantity of underlinings (italics) and exclamation marks per page in her diaries and letters I tend to lose interest. When the plot is so pathetically mediochre I generally put aside such a novel far before finishing it.This time I struggled to the end because someone I respect recommended it.I find it shocking that so many reviews of this novel here on Amazon have been positive. There is far more to literature than merely one-off impressions. And so much more than fuddled grammar.Suskind took an easy way out and gave us a pathetically inadequate half-baked ideaIf we need to discuss fiction then we need to study the masters, and suskind is far beyond their art.
I've enjoyed Harris's books and bought Hannibal as a knee-jerk reaction. Thru three-quarters of the book, I wasn't disappointed. Then, as if Harris got up from the typewriter and Felini sat down, the book simply crumbled  from a full grown work into a meaningless satire of Harris' fans being  willing to applaude anything with his name on it. The publisher should be  ashamed in contributing to the process.
A list of atrocities doth not a novel make. Like another Nobelist, Herta Muller, this author describes a hell on earth which is no doubt accurate, but literature it ain't.
I was prepared to love this book based upon the recommendations of several friends. Alas, I seem to be in the minority, but I did not find this book a compelling read for several reasons. The chief problem I encountered was that as a mother, I was disturbed by the relationship of young Clare and adult Henry. Over the years, he regularly pops up naked in her yard and assuages her fear by telling her he is her future husband. This behavior is a little too close to that of a sophisticated pedophile for me to ever find it amusing, cute or romantic.My second problem is that the book is both too long and too short. It is too long in that I felt the ending with the negative problems Henry undergoes with his health were merely melodrama for the sake of melodrama. It is too short in that I never felt that I knew Henry or Clare well at all.The sexuality was never more, IMO, than standard tab-in-slot sex -- I never really felt any love between them in the sex scenes.Even though I am a long-time time-travel lover, I never quite understood the nuances of when  Henry could affect the present/past and when he could not. Frankly, it often seemed to me that Henry was creating self-fulfilling prophecies that worked to his benefit. For example, by telling Clare that he was her future husband, he effectively ensured that she would not seriously date anyone else, thereby leaving the field clear for him in the future. And the author's choice of having Clare's one high school date turn into a battering seemed like an excessively hurtful way to teach Clare a lesson -- that she should wait for Henry. Another example was his telling her that they would meet again in her old age, no doubt effectively negating any notion of moving on to another man.In the end, I was perplexed about WHY Clare kept waiting for Henry -- he didn't seem worth waiting for. And finally, I disliked the author's occasional use of trashy language, which was unnecessary.
I am not sure how this book managed to get a 4 stars average rating. Its poorly written, the author comes across as very arrogant and what he writes about is the most basic of stuff. Its not really worth reading.
I share many of the same impressions as G. Makarski in her review of 10/22.The marketing of the book as a comparison to DaVinci pretty much guarantees you will be disappointed. This is unfortunate, as the book has interesting qualities of its own, but should not have been compared with a story of suspence. You'll note many of the reviews here come to the same conclusion; slow, unfocused, and awkwardly written at times, but with some rewarding moments all of which pertain to human relationships, especially between these young men. It seems to me that all of the ingredients were here for a really great book, but it should have been edited down to perhaps one/half its length, removing the clutter that subtracts rather than adds, especially in the latter third of the book.
I got this book to learn Russian, but it just throws you into what I feel is advance Russian.  The CD also doesn't seem to help much either.  I did learn a bit about the Russian alphabet, but other then that I didn't learn much.
I have read all of John Grisham's books and this one is not as interesting or suspenseful or good as some of his others.  If you want to read books by John Grisham, pass on this one and pick up &quot;The Client&quot; which is my favorite.  &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; is definately not worth it!
Although it explores some creepy psychological depths, "We Have Always Lived In the Castle" never really rises to great storytelling - or great story, for that matter. It's a very inward, and at times repetitive, tale about a family that has, for better or for worse, become isolated from its own community. One problem is that after a short while, it generates little interest in the reader for people living in this doomed, backwards household - nor of the people living outside it.
ok. although it wasnt as long and boring as The Grapes of Wrath, and it wasnt as difficult to read as WAr of the Worlds, at least those two books had a point and a moral! This book follows a whiny rich highschool dropout who curses at everything he sees and ends practically every sentence with "is such a phony" or "it killed me!" He spends so much time telling you how much he hates the movies, and how all actors are phonys, and all these things he would rather do, and where does he end up going on a date? to the movies. He tells you about all these guys and how much he doesnt like them because their either flicks or phonys, but who does he hang out with? Who does he force his company on? Those flicks. Those phonys. He tells you how depressed he gets too. His sister kissed him on the cheek and he got depressed. How lame is that? And in the beginning of the book, he's talking with his teacher and he tells you how much he hates it when people repeat themselves, as his teacher had done. What i find funny is that Holden repeats himself too. He'll say something like this: "He's such a phony. I mean he's such a phoney." and he does that all the time! say something, then in the next sentence put "i mean" in front of it and then proceed saying the same thing he had just said. This book was a complete joke! i have no idea why my teacher wanted me to read it. its completely worthless. if i could, i wouldnt give this book any stars. dont waste your time! you have much better stuff to do.
I was so excited about this book after reading through the first and second chapter even though my wife believed it was lame as nothing caught her eye and the author created a committee to evaluate bubbles.  Then I read the rest of the book...Reading the first chapter I was intrigued.  I had high expectations that Charlie would evaluate the culture of beer through pubs (first chapter) and I expected other avenues as well.  I thought his experience in the mega brew industry would provide some nice insight, but then I read the rest of the book...Initially, when I wrote my review I analyzed chapter by chapter but found it to be too much venting on my part.  Let me sum up my dislike more concisely, Bamforth leaves much to be desired.  Many chapters seem to end abruptly or his ideas are not clearly defined at all.  For an industry insider he is very reluctant to offer any predictions, insights, connections or proposals.  For example, his anti-alcohol lobby chapter focuses only on the religious right neglecting the nanny-state left's impact.  He offers no information about the alcohol/beer lobby and anti-alcohol lobby's recent or future proposals or impacts or recent tiffs.  It's a very empty feeling.His writing is a little pompous or maybe its just the disjointedness.  He claims to be moderate and understanding of others tastes, but he makes it abundantly clear in many instances that he dislikes Hophead beers (isn't once enough) and the recent endeavor for the beer with the highest ABV as it distorts the essence of beer.  Yet Bud makes a high quality beer in his opinion only because it is consistent.  What an asinine analogy.  I can make a house out of cardboard that is consistently made of 6 sides of cardboard of the same dimensions and same amount of duct tape and I can assure you it will not be high quality.  I think the megabrewer's consistency deserves my awe, but don't tell me its prime stuff.What's the deal with the footnotes filling 1/3 of the book?I have not read many good beer books, but I think Travels with Barley was an enjoyable although not perfect book about beer.  It covers some of the topics Bamforth does but with information you can understand and learn from.
Didn't use it much but for test review. If you have to have it then hey, welcome to higher education.
Why on earth does anyone think this book is funny?  B-O-R-I-N-G!
In The Curious Incident, Haddon takes a good idea and mangles it so profoundly that despite me wanting to like this book, I have very little nice to say about it. The Curious Incident is a first-person narrative that tells the story of Christopher, a developmentally challenged boy who takes it upon himself to solve the mystery of the murder of the neighbour's poodle. There's no denying that my opinion of this book is heavily influenced by my experience with my own brother, who has autism and other developmental disabilities. Admittedly, Haddon does provide some fascinating theoretical insights into the thought-process of his narrator. However, the different way of thinking seems to define Christopher. There are no redeeming qualities to this character. It is as though he is incapable of experiencing kindness or love but only goes through the motions of determination and fear. Christopher is essentially robbed of his humanity and his mystery condition becomes the character by itself. In a landscape of an underdeveloped genre of literature, Haddon seems to create some unfair perceptions and conceptions of people living with autism or similar disorders. His thinly-veiled social commentary delivered by his narrator also detracts from Christopher ever becoming his own fully-developed character. I'm not going to say this book should not be read, but if it is, the reader should at all times treat this work as complete and pure fiction with little foundation in reality.
I read an excerpt of this book in an on-line review and was captivated; came here to see the + reviews and bought it right away.  The first chapter disappointed me so badly I haven't been able to get back to the rest of the content.  Books in my life have 30 pages to make their case.  This book made the wrong case.  YMMV.I do not have negative self-talk about being an introvert.  I have known the "label" for nearly 30 years.  I understand the benefits.  I don't need anyone telling me that it's ok to not be extroverted.  I am offended by the suggestion that I probably listen to U-SUCK radio. If the fact that it's OK to be introverted has not yet crossed your consciousness, you might find the first chapter more useful.I might come back to this book.  Would not be the way to bet.
John Maynard Keynes apparently had a life full of brilliant ideas, and the evolution from one idea to another is a brilliant story. I'm not quite sure how I know this, because the second volume of Robert Skidelsky's Keynes biography doesn't really convey it. But I do know it, somehow.The main thing I've learned from this book is that I should go and read Keynes himself. Whenever Skidelsky quotes Keynes at any length, I breathe fresh air and I'm reminded that life can, indeed, be a wonderful place. For the remaining 95% of the book, I'm plodding through perfectly serviceable but unengaging prose. Skidelsky doesn't explain Keynes's economics well enough for intelligent non-specialists to really get the point. He explains Keynes's social life decently well, but one can consume only so much about country vacations and "Bloomsberries" before mentally consigning the lot of them to an eternity of bad food and cattiness.The jacket insists that Skidelsky has told an amazing love story, presumably the one between Keynes and Lydia Lopokova. I don't know quite which biography that reviewer was reading. Certainly not this one.I'm told there's a condensed version of the Keynes bio: one volume instead of three. That may be worth your time. It depends on what you want. The life of Keynes doesn't actually seem all that interesting on its own -- no more interesting than any other smart person's life, and substantially less interesting than Bertrand Russell's (with whose life Keynes's overlaps). As for the content of Keynes's ideas, those certainly are worth the time, but I just can't see that Skidelsky -- condensed or otherwise -- is the man to teach these to us.Probably the best route is to read Keynes's own Economic Consequences of the Peace, Tract on Monetary Reform, Essays in Persuasion, and General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money. I'm told that Alvin Hansen's Guide To Keynes is how economists normally approach the General Theory, and my initial glance at Hansen's book suggests that it's a good start.If we believe Skidelsky, Keynes's Treatise on Money is overlong, impenetrable, and notationally confused. I trust bad writers to spot their kin, so I believe him on this score.
My general impression of this book is that it is not believable because it seemed to me to be written from the perspective of a man who is ALREADY DEAD, as if he were the omniscient narrator of his own story, writing about his death from beyond the grave, from a place he has carefully crafted in his imagination; perhaps the heaven he hoped awaited him.However, I'm a believer in the importance of saying goodbye and I found the sections where O'Kelly wrote about his internal experiences to be the most interesting, useful, and profound. Like others, I wondered why he wasn't taking that trip to Prague with his wife and young daughter!There were also a few instances of my thinking that the effects of his illness had to be too debilitating for him to actually BE the author, but I was never interested enough in combing through the text for hints, constructing a timeline, etc.
When my doctor diagnosed my hypothyroidism, my wife bought me this and another book on thyroid disease to help me understand what was happening to me. The authors write with an annoying lack of humility -- the text seemed to be as much about these doctors' superior knowledge as about thyroid disease itself. I was put off by this arrogant tone and did not finish the book. The other book, _The Thyroid Solution_ by Ridha Arem, is a much better choice.
I didn't like these learning Spanish CDs. I wouldn't recommend them to any one that really wants to learn Spanish on his own. To be honest, I think these lessons will do more harm than good. That's because they don't help you develop a real speaking Spanish accent. In fact, they will cause you to develop an awful speaking Spanish accent. Michel Thomas is from France or somewhere. He's definitely not a native Spanish speaker. To make matters worse, he's about 80 or 90 years and he speaks like it and sounds like it. What I mean is that it's very difficult to understand even his English.  There are two students on the Michel Thomas course. But they are both beginners -- definitely not someone who you'd want to copy their Spanish pronunciation. I am by no means an authority on how to learn Spanish. But I do know that it is extremely important to take Spanish lessons or Spanish classes from a  native speaker or learn from a course recorded by natives. It's the only way to get a Spanish accent that sounds real. If you are a person that learns visually, then I would recommend the Rosetta Stone Spanish course -- [...] If you are a person that likes to learn naturally by learning how to speak Spanish before you can read and write it, then I'd recommend that you learn Spanish with the Learning Like Crazy Spanish plan at [...]
Bought this because it was recommended to me for reading financial charts. So I expected  a rundown on price charts, running averages, Bollinger bands, convergence/divergence, marginal behavior, etc.  Nope.Instead this is a rundown on &#34;images&#34; one might see in a price history chart. &#34;Cups with handles&#34; and the like. Reading tea leaves. Might as well pick stocks from your horoscope or because the share price matches your nephew's birthday.In large part this book is an advertisement for on their subscription services and seminars.
John Keegan is a British military historian; he taught at Sandhurst Military Academy. Mr. Keegan is entitled to feel very proud of the British Army and its great contributions to the Allied defeat of Nazi Germany. He is not, however, entitled to his own historial facts. One reviewer writes that Keegan thinks the British did the Americans a huge favor by allowing them to equip and accompany the British and French on their big wartime adventure. British historians John Keegan, Antony Beevor, Max Hastings, Nigel Hamilton, and Michael Reynolds have between them killed off a small rain forest writing books about the Second World War. Nearly all of their books contain a strong factual bias.SIX ARMIES IN NORMANDY is well written and contains interesting observations about the different armies, their successes and failures in Normandy. Keegan is a fine historian; he knows his craft. Despite the problem of keeping a central theme when discussing six different armies, Keegan's knowledgable overview of the Normandy campaign makes his book an easy read.My problems with John Keegan's account of the battles in Normandy center around histreatment of British general, soon to be field marshal, Bernard Law Montgomery. Keegan apparently accepts Montgomery's explanation for his failures to take the city of Caen. Montgomery said at the time, that his plan at Caen was not to take more ground but to draw the bulk of the German armor and heavy artillery to the eastern Caen flank to make things easier for the Americans in the western flank inthe Carentan. If Keegan had read Sir Francis De Guingand's account of Montgomery's plan in OPERATION VICTORY (p. 394,395) and P.J. Grigg's account in PREJUDICE and JUDGMENT (p. 373) he would have known that Montgomery had not told the truth about his plans. Sir Francis DeGuingand was Montgomery's Chief of Staff. P.J. Grigg was the British Secretary of State for War.Keegan's story of the battle at the Falaise Gap is terribly botched. Keegan writes eloquently of a French patrol entering Argentan on the afternoon of August 13th and of the Canadian attack toward Falaise on August 14th codenamed Tractable. Keegan forgets to mention that 5th US Armored Division's Combat Command A had closed on their inter-Army Group boundary south of the Orne River at Argentan at 1900 hours on the evening of August 12th. Keegan wrote that, "...Montgomery and Bradley between them decided (on August 16th) to use all force at their disposal to close the Argentan - Falaise Gap..." But this was not true either. They had already sent six of General George Patton's divisions northeast towards the Seine River, Orleans and Dreux. These divisions were not recalled when they discovered the Germans had not yet departed Normandy.Worse, Keegan blames General Bradley for what he calls, "this Nelsonian independence" in sending six of Patton's divisions northeast. Keegan suggests that, "...(it) would have been forgiven if right headed; even though wrong headed, it might still have been forgiven if frankly explained and justified to Montgomery. But Bradley chose not to explain." (p.261) Here Keegan gets caught between two stools. Bradley took credit for the decision to go northeast when he published A SOLDIER'S STORY in 1951. After listening to John Keegan's accusations, it may be just a co-incidence, but Bradley's A GENERAL'S LIFE came out one year after Keegan published his book SIX ARMIES IN NORMANDY in 1982. In A GENERAL'S LIFE Bradley writes that Montgomery sent him a letter on August 14th, directing that, "... any further stuff you can move him to Le Mans should go northeast." The nice folks at the US Army Heritage and Education Center at Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania would be more than happy to share their copy of Montgomery's letter for anyone who doubts Bradley's veracity. The truth is that the wider envelopment to the Seine River had always been Montgomery's preferred plan to destroy the German Army. It is not clear why John Keegan thought Bradley ought to apologize or explain to Montgomery why he (Bradley) was carrying out Montgomery's exact instructions. Prehaps it was Bradley's midwestern American accent.Unfortunately, Keegan does not stop there, but preceeds to blame Bradley's 'temporization' for everything that goes wrong with the battle at the Falaise Gap. "The formation nominated to pay the price of Bradley's temporization was the most recently arrived and least experienced under Montgomery's command, the 1st Polish Armored Division." (p. 262) Keegan never mentions Churchill's letter to Montgomery to see, 'that the British Army wins through...'or Montgomery's orders to Bradley on the evening of August 12th - to halt Patton's Third US Army (and 5th US Armored Division) south of the inter-Army Group boundary at Argentan. For more accurate accounts of the Battle of the Falaise Gap please see R. Rohmer's PATTON'S GAP or W. Weidner's EISENHOWER & MONTGOMERY AT THE FALAISE GAP.The two stars reflect both Keegan's fine skills as a writer and the unfortumate bias which colors his account of the battles in SIX ARMIES IN NORMANDY.
I have no idea why people insist on praising this book. I couldn't finish more than 3 chapters. Some of the most painful reading imaginable. It may be that the author has captured the flavor of some community somewhere that I know nothing about, but I cannot imagine anyone wanting to be a part of such a community, nor why anyone would wish immerse themselves in it such a community by reading this book.
This book was recommended to me by someone who I thought might know a good book, and I've heard so many raves about it.  I couldn't believe I was reading the same book.  At first I thought I just had to give it time, that I'd "get" it after awhile.  I never did.  I could care less about the characters and I really just didn't care what happened to them.I will never blindly take some one else's recommendation again.BORING.
This book was recommended to me after I had made a recommendation for another Japanese author, Natsuo Kirino.  Windup Bird begins with promise but after 400 or so pages you are still trying to figure out what the blazes is going on.  After 500 pages, I'm too stubborn to stop; but, the last ten pages were absolute torture.  There are many components and characters in the book, while I'm sure the author thought would be interesting, were plain silly making little sense.  Natsuo Kirino's "Out" would be time better spent.
This book is a a propganda piece.  It is written in the same tone and style of the 1950s era.  It has a Joseph McCarthy "Red Scare" quality to it.  I have read over 50 books on China's rise as a "peaceful rise."  I have read about China's engagement in Africa---with Africans.  The foreign policy of China is much better than that of the USA.  It is not the warmongering, aggressive and interventionist approach of the USA--- which has been in violation of the UN Charter, international law, and the mandates of the UN Security Council.  Further, with respect to China's rise, the authors of this crap would do well to read Professor Robert S. Ross's new book entitled CHINESE SECURITY POLICY.  Ross, unlike Narraro's scare tactics and duplicity, makes the case that Bejing's tough diplomacy stemmed not from confidence in its might, but from a deep sense of insecurity.  Like the USSR during the Cold War, China suffers from the hegemonic attempts of the USA to encircle it---to deprive it of the oil and natural resources it requires thorugh legitimate trade and its foreign policy to grow its economy, feed its people, and deal with the problems of inequality within its own borders.  Professor Ross, unike Navarro, has wisely cautioned his readers to recognize that: "As China rises, a policy of restraint, rather than alarmism, will best serve US national security."  I fully agree with the assessment of Professor Ross. Therefore, I conclude that Navarro is an extremist who represents the free-market mut cases of the failed Mitt Romney campaign and the worst of the Dick Cheney legacy of seeking wars and more wars.  In short, Navarro is an alarmist who writes in the anti-Communist paranoid style of Joe McCarthy.  My message to Mr. Navarro is to go back to the 1950s with your fear-mongering, war-mongering, and irrational alarmis.  The 21st century does not need you or your extemist views---clumsily woven together in a patchwork of disconnected fear and hyperbole.
As an adventure, "Timeline" is fast moving and entertaining and worth the price of the paperback. Having said that, if you like the science in science fiction to be self-consistent and believable, as I do, there are a number of serious problems with the "scientific" infrastructure of this book.The first, and biggest inconsistency is that of time travel.  Is this a book about time travel or is it not?  The character, Gordon, says "time travel is impossible," and then describes the multiverse and the infinite number of other universes that exist, including the one that "exactly" duplicates our earth of 600 years ago.  The universe to which Professor Johnston has been sent using wormhole connections in quantum foam.  So how did the professor's glasses and "help me" message get from that universe to our universe, aged 600 years?  Crichton described the multiverse and then wrote an "impossible" time travel story.Then there are the transport machines that send people to the different universe (or different time, depending on which plot device Crichton is using at the moment.)  The machines are described as vaporizing the people within using high intensity lasers in the enclosing rods as the final recording of the person is made that will be transmitted to the "past." (I don't have a problem with his stealing the concept from Star Trek.)  However, the machines themselves are also sent back with their occupants.  Do the lasers vaporize themselves?  How can observers see a "data stream" as an object that grows smaller before their eyes?  Wouldn't it have made more sense to transmit a recording of the machine as a "header record" in front of the transmission of the person since Crichton is invoking "quantum magic" to re-materialize the machine and occupant, anyway.  (Does anyone besides me believe that the courts would call vaporizing people murder?)Once in the past the machines drift away into other nearby universes until recalled.  This is said to be a good thing since the inhabitants of this universe might destroy the machines.  Why wouldn't the inhabitants of the universe that they drift to destroy the machines?Finally, (though there are more) there is the motivation of the evil scientist in using this technology: he wants to build historically accurate theme parks about the past to make billions of dollars from jaded tourists.  Yes, I know that is what makes the story, but in an infinite number of universes wouldn't there be an infinite number of universes that would be the equivalent of our future with inventions and medicines worth much more than a few theme parks.  That's if you believe that a theoretical physicist could be interested in making money in theme parks in the first place.
I wrote an essay on J.D. Salinger my senior year of high school. The more I researched him, the less I liked him.Is his writing very good? Not really. One of his college professors named him the worst writer in the history of the school. It's a very repetitive style. I give him credit for at least having a unique style - that plain, to-the-point narrative - but in my opinion, his short stories are FAR better than "Catcher in the Rye.""Catcher" is rather simplistic, and like "American Psycho," its point can be gathered within five pages. I prefer "Psycho" simply because I find Ellis' similarly repetitive narrative more humorous and unpredictable - I liked the character Patrick Bateman even though I simultaneously despised him. I didn't like Holden at all. There has to be some kind of connection, and there isn't.Salinger had a yearning for his own childhood. He experienced a lot of terror once he reached adulthood (including losing friends in WWII) and he idolizes childhood as a state of naivety and innocence (as seen in stories such as "A Perfect Day for Bananafish"). Unfortunately "Catcher in the Rye" - his ode to his own childhood and the destruction of innocence - is a masturbatory effort that gathered a reputation for being controversial, and like many novels (yes, also "American Psycho") elitist critics jumped on the bandwagon and began hailing it as an underappreciated American classic. Now it IS appreciated, and in my opinion, far too much - the praise outweighs the worth of the novel.The narrative is the most disappointing aspect. "Crummy" this, "g**amn" that, etc. And I hate to say it, but Holden is a sixteen-year-old and his knowledge of grammar doesn't extend past that of an average eleven or twelve-year-old.In some ways, I can understand the praise for this novel - it does have a valid point - but I think it goes on too long and the narrative isn't very effective, and in that regard I think it fails as literature and the elitist critics who praised it back in the early 1950s helped solidify a reputation for the book that, in all actuality, it probably doesn't really deserve.
This book was scanned from some other work causing the texts and contents to be mixed.  It was very difficult to read because paragraphs were scrambled.  What I could read was good content.  But the scrambled content does not make this book worth its price.  Don't buy it!
I used this text for a graduate course on financial derivatives in an applied mathematics program. The text generally made a good selection of the topics covered, but often key insights and proofs were missing. There were few useful examples and the end-of-chapter exercises were both too few in number and were not well thought out.  The material could have been better organized and less meandering. A more compact and rigorous theoretical presentation surrounded and amplified by lots of good examples--including some involving numerical techniques--would have been both deeper and more accessible to students. As an instructor, I found the text was usable, but required me to add a great deal of my own material for the students. Finally, the index is just about useless, making it difficult to use this work as a reference.
I had expected this book to be similar toInternational Economic Indicators and Central Banks, an excellent book about the interpretation of economic indicators, which distinguishes itself by diving deeply into how seemingly similar measures from different countries must sometimes be interpreted differently, because of differences in methodology and differences in mission between the organizations that use the data. No such luck. "The Secrets of Economic Indicators" is facile, presenting only most most trivial discussion of its topic, rife with errors and likely to lead investors astray.My greatest impression from the book was one of laziness. The author lists dozens of indicators, provides a wikipedia-level description of what each one means, summarizes their importance in a word ("very" important, for example), and perhaps describes a scenario which gives rise to changes in the indicators. These scenarios, or the equivalent description of historical events, are ill-informed. I winced at the description of the OPEC oil price increases of the 1970s and subsequent U.S. inflation. I accept that in lazy memory of that decade, it might seem that "oil prices went up, so inflation was high," but anybody who has looked closely at U.S. inflation knows that U.S. inflation started to increase in the late 1960s and that the OPEC embargo wasn't until 1973, and that oil prices shot up in 1979. If anything, that sharp rise in oil prices *slowed* core inflation, because money being spend on energy couldn't be spent on anything else. Baumohl summarized a complex economic event in two sentences, yet managed to make several serious errors. His two and a half page description of the 2008-2009 financial crisis similarly manages to be facile yet full of errors.The description of the computation of different indices is very rough. The difference between real and nominal statistics is given, but chained measures are never defined. We are told that a monthly number can be converted to an annual number by multiplying it by 12. Really? How about percentage numbers? How about statistics that are released monthly, but conventionally expressed in a format that is already annualized (like GDP). How about seasonally adjusted numbers? Here too, the book is facile and wrong.The book could have served a valuable role by discussing the long-term accuracy of various leading indicators, or systematic errors in selected indicators, or any number of other things. Woe be to the retail investor who tries to use the information in this book to guide his investing. As Baumohl himself points out, these statistics are priced into stocks, bonds, and commodities the instant they are released. A slower-paced investor is almost certainly buying after prices have already increased in response to good news, or selling after they've dropped. Perhaps the best advice I can give any such investor is "don't read this book".
I did finish this book because someone recommended it.  I never did get what was the author's purpose for this story.  I found it full of superfluous ramblings that had nothing to do with the story and caused my mind to stray so that when it came back to some relevant point, my mind was no longer engaged.  I found it so frustrating to keep having to go back to figure out what mattered and what didn't matter.  The author is a good writer but not a great writer.  A great writer can do these sidebar ramblings adding richness to the story.  This did not happen for me.  I finished it and thought "what a waste of time".  That said, I would give her another try because so many people seem to like her writing.
...to get through more than a couple of chapters of this. Take this review for what you will - I didn't finish the book. I might try and return to it later.
I was really looking forward to finding a new series of novels with a strong protagonist but this series is not it.  I found the writing mediocre and the story uninteresting.  Confused as to why this is a popular series.
If you like the large-print version of Reader's Digest, then you might be happy with this book and it's gigantic text. Otherwise, I recommend avoiding it. I admit this more of a personal opinion that my other book reviews, because Eckel has written several books and has his own following. However, as I was learning Java this book was not useful to me whatsoever. In any case, a free, electronic version of this book is available on Eckel's website.
Kennedy's Albany cycle includes a treasure of books on politics and crime in New York's capital city, circa the Depression era.  What a find, I thought - a whole series to look forward to!  But Billy Phelan left me flat.  Despite all the prizes Kennedy has won, and the rave reviews his books seem to have garnered, I simply found this one depressing and not very interesting.  I'm certainly into American history, and the Depression offers myriad oppotunities for intriguing stories, but I couldn't get into this one.One drawback is no doubt my fault.  So many characters were introduced that I had to keep referring back to set up relationships and actions.  This got tiring after a while, so I just gave up, and never finished the book.  Beyond that, I didn't think any of the characters, including Billy, were developed sufficiently to give me much insight into their personalities, psychological deficiencies, and motives - or an incentive to continue.The Depression-era underworld is fascinating, but where is Elliott Ness when we need him?
Would not buy any more books on John Fury. Lost his watch in first book, The second book he loaned it to sailor to make sure he returned  in time. Used an sea anchor tied to the stern on a storm. I was always taught to tie it to the bow,
I tried to read this book and felt it was pure garbage.  I read alot of books and have read alot of books in my lifetime.  This is not at all good literature.  It reads more like porn and I do not read porn.  I tore the book up and discarded it in the trash.  Shock values do not set well with me.  I do not recommend this to anyone.  If you like trash reading then buy it!
The book is rather short. The free sample for Kindle does not include a sample of the exercises which are written in microscopic type!Beware kindle owners. You definitely will not be able to read the exercises at the end of each chapter. They are too small to read even with largest font and a magnifying glass! This book should NOT appear as a kindle reading option.
From this book, I learned the Famous Price-to-Rent Ratio and it comes to my mind everytime I preview a property.  It will teach you the seven things to look for in a bargain.  One of these items was new to me.  Buying REO requires two things to succeed:  expertise and money.  This book can help you with the expertise part but if you don't have some investment cash...you probably should seek another income stream.  Lucky for you (and me), real estate has several income streams to pursue.
The storyline was good and exciting but it was about 200pages too long. The characters were pompous and entitled which drove me nuts.
I have no personal opinion, not having read this, although the negative comments sound reasonable...besides, you should always take a reference with a grain of salt (I wanted to rate "-", but was forced to select a rating).  But the term Bullschildt has INDEED made it into the Jargon File.Entry:bullschildt: /bul'shilt/, n.[comp.lang.c on USENET] A confident, but incorrect, statement about a programming language. This immortalizes a very bad book about C, Herbert Schildt's C - The Complete Reference. One reviewer commented "The naive errors in this book would be embarrassing even in a programming assignment turned in by a computer science college sophomore."But just because there are naive errors doesn't mean it wouldn't be useful to somebody even more naive.
I had high hopes for this book.  I was looking for a market psychology style book to give me some new ideas and insights into the mind of the trading herd.  The book started off very "Trading 101".  In fact it was very, very basic for the first 12 chapters.  Then I finally got to the (drum roll) "Trading the Trader" meat of the book.  It was a huge disappointment, more drivel about the basics of chart reading and shorting breakouts.  In fact, shorting the breakouts was about the most revolutionary info in the book.  I'd go on but it's pretty lame across the board.Why did I give it two stars??  The author gave a good reason for keeping a trading log, I had to agree with that.
This was a difficult book to read, not because there was anything I didn't understand, the points made actually didn't make points, did nothing to enhance knowledge about "influencing" others, and at times the advice given was, in my humble opinion, bad advice.(My quotes are from the galley/ review copy) [Quote from "Motivating"]"As you experiment with new actions, focus on the sense of accomplishment associated with the result. Revel in achieving for the sake of achieving."This is the type of advice that keeps people in a vicious cycle of trying to validate themselves from the OUTSIDE IN, and will never help a person to feel his or her intrinsic worth on the inside. It does nothing at all to help you experience the best you have within you - which leads the most meaningful process of creating or achieving.[Quote from "Watch for Divisive Incentives"]"Or consider the family whose son has a serious drug addiction. In their effort to express love and support, family members unintentionally enable his addiction. With their words, they say, "You should really stop taking drugs." But with their actions, they say, "As long as you're taking them, we'll give you free rent, use of our cars, and bail whenever you need it." They are, in fact, rewarding the very behavior they claim to want to change."I'm sorry but I am a mother of two older teenagers. What the authors are suggesting with the above paragraph is to throw your child into the street. This does nothing to help the teenager receive careful treatment to HELP their child SAFELY get off drugs.And you might wonder something along the lines of, "What does this have anything to do with being an influencer?" I'm wondering the same thing.The honest impression I get is that the authors were scrambling to make a book out of anything they could think of. Bits of "advice" scattered all over the place that will not help you at all in being an "influencer."I feel bad giving a one/two star review - I do not know the authors, and it is nothing personal at all - it's just a really bad book that made no sense, was a straining chore to read, and did not come anywhere close to the marketing description of the contents from the back cover.***** Suggestion: The very best book I have EVER read on the topic of "influencing" is by Dale Carnegie, "How to Win Friends and Influence People"You'll receive benefit and wisdom from that book that will last a lifetime. I honestly cannot recommend this book at all.I honestly suggest gettingHow to Win Friends & Influence Peopleinstead.
This is a great book for inexperience analyst who want a brief overview of a wealth of topics associated with Equity Research.  For more experienced analyst probably less useful especially at the $60 mark on Amazon.  There was nothing really original and focus was on the next few quarters, like 90% of Wall Street.
I have read every Anne Rice book ever written, including &quot;Belinda&quot;, &quot;Tale of Sleeping Beauty&quot; series, and &quot;East of Eden&quot;.  I typically like her characters and the situations that they encounter.  However this changed when I read &quot;Blood and Gold&quot;.  I got tired of Marius's incessent wining and complaining. After reading her other books I kind of thought of him as a god/father figure for all of the other vampire children that could help them in their times of trouble.  But when I read this book I realized that Marius has almost as many issues as Lestat.  However unlike Lestat he doesnt seem to have the courage to do anything meaningful about them.  This book changed my perseception of Marius, but not all Anne Rice books.  I suggest you read &quot;Blackwood Manor&quot;(the main character is magnificent!) instead of &quot;Blood and Gold&quot;.
Didn't enjoy it. Could of been more funnier. They could of made it more interesting. If you have nothing to do, then by all means read it.
The first page of this Penguin edition states that Saul Bellow won three National Book Awards and the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1976. Bellow, the author of thirteen books and numerous articles, also won the National Book Award Foundation Medal in 1990. This book, "Henderson the Rain King," written in 1958, made the list of the top 100 fiction novels of the 20th century. Some of his other works include "Seize the Day," "Herzog," "Ravelstein," and "The Adventures of Augie March."Why "Henderson the Rain King" made that top 100 list, I'll never know. I like classic literature and I have read a large number of classic works over the last several months, but "Henderson the Rain King" falls at the bottom of the list. Maybe I am not used to Saul Bellow's prose style, or the way he thinks, but I just don't like this book. Turning a page in this book felt like moving a mountain. I groaned and fretted my way through every nightmarish paragraph, every miserable word. When I start a book, I want to finish that book, no matter what. Every minute I held this book in my hands I wanted to stop reading it. Believe me, this albatross is one heavy bugger."Henderson the Rain King" tells the story of Eugene Henderson, scion of a wealthy American family. His father wrote French history and his grandfather served as a Secretary of State. Gene doesn't quite live up to expectations, however. Frankly, he's a cad and a colossal idiot. He's an alcoholic, ignores his kids, starts fights with authority figures, and is working on his second marriage. His idea of a good time is raising pigs on the family estate and shooting bottles with a slingshot. Eugene's life is slowly falling apart when one day he decides to go with a friend and his new bride to Africa. Henderson bails out on them with a guide named Romilayu, and sets off for the desolate interior of Africa. Henderson first hooks up with the Arnewi tribe where he feels impelled to help them clear a pond of some troublesome frogs. The second tribe Eugene encounters is the Wariri. Henderson befriends the king of the tribe and becomes the "Rain King" when he lifts a statue no one else can move. His friendship with the king helps Henderson come to terms with his rampant insecurities until the twist ending reveals that Henderson might be in over his head.Along the way we get an awful lot of navel gazing from Henderson, and some gobbledygook science from the king of the Wariri. Even the twist ending, which did help speed up the plodding pace of the book, can't save this novel from the clutches of banality. The back cover of the book says this novel is a comedy full of "rollicking prose, offbeat inventiveness, and impulsive creation." In other words, the publishers don't understand this mess anymore than you will (impulsive creation is a code word for "huh?"). Sure, the prose occasionally rises to the level of a classic, but most of the time it is pretty plain. As for the comedy aspect, I'll grant that some of Henderson's blathering can be amusing, especially when he reveals himself to be a liar and hypocrite within the space of a few pages. But if you are expecting to bust a gut over this book, you can just forget it.If I were forced to give an answer as to why this book made that infernal list, I would say that this is the classic liberal/leftist novel that makes so many people feel warm and fuzzy inside. A rich, unhappy jerk abandons America and goes to primitive Africa in order to learn life lessons. When Henderson tries to help the Arnewi with the frogs, his Western learning causes more trouble than it is worth. Only when he relies on brute strength and turns his life over to a primitive does he learn his lesson. Yawn.Save yourself the pain and avoid this book. If you do have to read it for some reason or another, at least take comfort in the fact that it is only 341 pages long. Occasionally, some good prose and some nice set pieces will help propel you along, but not nearly fast enough. Maybe some of Bellow's other novels are better, and if they are, I'd like to know. Maybe I would read another one of his books, but I sure don't want to if it resembles "Henderson the Rain King" in any way, shape, or form. The best thing about this book is the cover.
In terms of the print, the new edition of the Teach yourself Persian is a lot better than the old one, but the content is not. The grammatical points are not thoroughly presented, that is, not quite enough for a serious beginner to have an panoramic view of Persian grammar. Second, it offers too little information on colloquial Persian. Third, too few reading passages. It has audio CDs, which is good, but most Persian textbooks out there in the market have audios too. So if you want to teach yourself, I'd suggest to try out different books, among them, I recommend Thackston or John Mace as basic reference; tackling Lambton if you are interested in classical stuff,if you'd like to learn more about different varieties of Persian, Baizoyev's Beginner's Tajiki is a quite good book, if you just want learn some Persian phrases to travel or impress your Iranian friends... forget what I just said, get lonely planet Persian phrasebook.
So many people who want to start reading Iris Murdoch start here, because it's her only novel to win a Booker Prize. This is always a mistake: this is one of her most difficult novels, as even its fans would agree. It is also, to my mind, one of her few unpleasant novels written before 1980: the hero is a very unpleasant and arrogant retired theatre director who has moved to the coast, where he is visited by a group of unpleasant friends from London (who seem to pop in unannounced at all hours). He also comes across the love of his life, whom he is convinced is stuck in an unhappy marriage. The plot goes and goes, but it's hard to care for any of these characters--or even for the plot itself, in that the very rules and stakes of the narrative change illegitimately as it progresses. I've always been surprised by the reputation this novel has garnered: its one of the rare better-known Murdoch novels that not only disappoints but leaves a bitter taste in one's mouth (I would highly recommend instead reading A SEVERED HEAD or THE BELL, which I think are much more successful works).
The author is not only rude herself, but a little crazy, some may say unhinged. We all see rude people. They are annoying. But finding out a persons home phone number and address is stalking. The only thing that would redeem this woman's behaviour would be if she said the voices told her to do it. The people she targeted may be rude, but they also have families who may have been scared that a woman they have never met has rang them at home to complain. Not a funny book, just wierd.
I am an avid reader of self-help books and I can tell you that this book fell way short of my expectations.  I was looking for something like "Chicken Soup for the Soul", but I never found anything like that.  Now, I never expected "War and Peace", but this book was a barely interesting, mostly repetitive list of things that I would more expect to find in little spaces used to fill in newspaper stories or in public service messages.  I didn't really feel that this book made any sort of positive change in my life or did more than list the obvious that I had seen many times over.If this book had been maybe a third of the price, I might have found it amusing, but was what I deemed expensive for a very small paperback book.  It also didn't sit well with me that the author placed what amounted to an advertisement in the INTRODUCTION (before I had even gotten to page 1), directing me to his website.  Normally, I would have been skeptical of this, but when he said I could go there free for a month, but it is a PAY FOR MEMBERSHIP website.... I can tell you that I almost put the book down without even looking past that page.In the end I felt that I could have done a better job with my computer, GOOGLE and Wikipedia and found more things that pertained to what interested me specifically.  I was not impressed.I have retired this book to my water closet library.
This is one of the most worthless books I've ever read.  I wish I could reclaim all of the time in my life I devoted to finishing this thing.  This book was devoid of entertainment value or lasting meaning.
Having read many dozens of mystery/suspense novels, this has to be the worst of all of them. Obviously translated (from Swedish) is terribly choppy and excruciatingly long but more than that, Wallender is a dim, slow, sad police detective whose lack of cognitive skills allowed the serial killer time for more murders. His character is ill formed and unbelievable. Only the Epilogue cleared up multiple questions which any decent writer would have included in the prose. Why this series of books has been recommended is beyond my husband and I, who read it together.
This book is huge, at 1344 pages it is huge. But not at all useful. Information is too darn difficult to find, and more often that not it is simply not there. I could not find anything on Dynamic SQL, and very little on SQL Load - something a supposedly 'Complete Reference' of Oracle8 should cover. Also, the absolutely paucity of examples makes it difficult to figure out correct syntactical usage without at least some trial and error. Use one if available at your company or library or if you can borrow a copy - just don't waste money buying one - new or used.
This mystery seemed to follow the traditional mystery storyline. I had wanted something more out of the ordinary from Nesbo, but this was pretty ordinary.
. . . and still don't.  This book was not particularly well written.  I did force myself to finish it, waiting for the promised magic. It never happened.
This is one of John Harvey's better books.  The standalone works for me because I've never been able to get into the Charlie Resnick novels for some reason.  This, however, is an interesting and suspenseful work.
Thomas E. Mails was chosen by the Hopi Elders to deliver their prophecies and warnings to the world.  These millennia-old prophecies identify current disastrous problems like environmental degradation, fraudulent politics and unhealthy technology etc. leading to the collapse of the world as we know it.  Additional instructions are given on averting disaster and acquiring spiritual equanimity. Survival is hopeful for those peoples that are connected to Earth's rhythms, those that blend with nature and celebrate life.  The material in The Hopi Survival Kit is fascinating and the keepers of this wisdom are beyond reproach.  The value of the traditional Hopi worldview is without question the equivalent of a World Heritage treasure, yet Thomas Mails' delivery couldn't be more jumbled, pompous or paranoid.  The rhetoric, tedious opinions and manipulative language found in The Hopi Survival Kit do not do justice to the beauty and truth of these ancient teachings.  One wishes that it had been presented concisely with a clear progression of ideas, not with a miscellany of bad metaphors, constant repetition and finger-pointing.  Mails' claims that elements of Christianity are identical to Hopi cosmology are ridiculous.  As if a culture in a different time and place could not have developed a completely unique and original relationship to the Great Mystery.  Interpretations of a divine order or Creator without hierarchy, patriarchy or control DO exist.  I wish it were otherwise, but the significance of the Hopi's message is compromised by Mails' inept writing skills and his lack of objectivity.  In the book he discusses his own writing style (!!?) and claims that it is only expediency that is required for the delivery of the Hopi message, not good writing.  Well, I disagree.  Good writing would have given the book more credibility and it would have reached far more people.  Perhaps a re-write by a brilliant (or at least competent) writer could give this book the wider exposure it deserves.  It is time for indigenous knowledge to be highly valued, held sacred even, for these Hopi teachings can contribute to the restoration of sanity to the human race and balance to the Earth.
I'd love to say this book is a good one but I can't because the illustrations overwrite the text. Whoever formatted this for ebook didn't bother to read their own work. I'll muddle through. Publishers like this are either lazy, uninformed or greedy.
The title and book cover tells you it's not a boring book.  The contents are not boring as well.  A bit of wisdom here and there worth carrying with you on your next chit chat on strategy but I had a hard time with the book's flow.I find it poorly organized jumping here and there.  There are many authors which made it difficult to tie together but still, I think it could have been better.
The four sisters, Imogen, Sally, Cart and Fenella, are all unpleasant and unlikeable.  They are immature and uncared for in much of the novel, and perhaps that is the reason for their often bizarre behavior.  Their parents, in their callous behaviour to their own offspring, are also very unlikeable.Unfortunately, it takes at least half of the novel to make sense of what is happening in the plot.  By that time, I was out of patience with it, although I did finish the book.Diana Wynne Jones has written many better books.  Try Archer's Goon, The Dark Lord of Derkholm, The Year of the Griffin, Howl's Moving Castle, Power of Three, the Merlin Conspiracy or Deep Secret.  Give this one a miss.
I had heard great things about this book.  However, it was pure drudgery to read it.  I only kept reading it because I expected it to get better as I read further, and I needed to finish it for my book club.  After 600 pages I was disappointed and confused.  I probably won't be reading another Murakami book, based on this one.
This was not fictional so I got bored with the everyday activities even of Hemingway.  However, this was a book club selection in my book club and everyone liked it but me!  You are on your own here.
There is so much potential in this story, but I just did not like the way that William Butler tells it.  At some point, I felt like he was trying to be funny about his ordeal, regardless of the severity of his situation.  I cannot recommend it.
Michael Crichton has written some great books (&quot;Andromeda Strain&quot; and &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;) and movies (&quot;West World&quot; -- one of my all time favorites).  Unfortunately, this is not one of his best. I kept having the feeling that Crichton was working too hard to contrive plot complications instead of letting the plot grow out of the characters.  But maybe with such wooden characters, he didn't have a choice (only the Lady Claire seemed interesting to me).  For a month I read this book every night at bedtime, only advancing a few pages before it put me to sleep. Not my kind of page-turner.
It was my own lack of seeing that this was a "novel" that had me almost believing it was really an autistic kid writing his own story - for the first few pages.Then I thought an adult must have "helped" because something wasn't right with the writer's verbiage and the main character's actions pretty early on.There were inconsistencies all the way through. Every sentence starting with "And then..." for the last few chapters got very very tedious.The reason I used betrayed in my description is because only after the book ended and I was seriously scratching my head did I re-read the book cover and see "Novel". Oh, OK, that means it's fake. None of this was even real. That was a relief. I can't blame the author for my not seeing that, only it completely reprocessed the book in my brain so I wasn't bewildered any more, I was pissed.I don't think this book can possibly do anything positive for the person with AS or society in general. In fact I'd strongly recommend NOT reading it because it did not leave a positive impression on my AS brain and it can't help to further the cause of "normal" people understanding autism. Isn't there enough pain? It did nothing except exploit an already fragile perception of autism through an author's made up words that were jammed together to form an ugly story that isn't even true. I'm sorry I spent my money on this.
"A Moveable Feast" is like a Literary Tabloid page. In it the reader learns about F. Scott Fitzgerald's small penis, Gertrude Stein's weird relationship with her lesbian lover, and of the generosity of Ezra Pound. This makes for a book that is interesting, but reflects poorly on Hemingway (even if he never published it himself-- he still wrote it), as the people he disses are many of the same people who helped him rise to fame and who, at the publication of the book were mostly dead and unable to defend themselves against Hemingway's less than kind portrayals. In the end Hemingway is the one who comes off looking the worst: severely homophobic, arrogant, and ungrateful.
"Children of the Flames" does not set out to be a bad book. It tries to follow the experiences of several Mengele twins chronologically from before the War throughout the lives of the interviewees. The style of chronicling the lives of many people in this way might work for a newspaper series that is broken into stages over many days, but for a book, it doesn't quite work. Many of the people I spoke to who read the book found that they were referring back to the beginning to be sure they were reading about who they thought they were reading about. It's as if the authors took a documentary film style of storytelling and put it in print. For a subject with players from so many different places, you would think it would still work. And yet, it doesn't.My own uncle is featured prominently in the book - Zvi the Sailor. The significant detail you need to know before you put down good money for this work is that it is not entirely accurate. A prominent Mengele twin who greatly assisted in the creation of the book disowns it for its inaccuracies and sub-par writing. My father, Zvi's twin, was never interviewed for his account. In fact, the book contributed to a rift between the twins that did not resolve for many years.The irony is that one of the authors is now a writer for the Wall Street Journal and Sami Rohr recipient. With credentials like hers, you would expect better in this book. Lucette Lagnado very kindly replied to me within 24 hours (during a book tour on New Year's Eve, no less) when I asked her why she never interviewed my father. I told her of how the book added to the estrangement of my father and his twin. Her answer was a weak and disappointing one, if candid, for an investigative journalist: She couldn't find him. If you read the book, Zvi the Sailor claims he sent his twin brother, my father, money from Israel to America. If true, she could have found my father. If not, she printed an unconfirmed statement as fact. Either way, she made the deliberate choice not to interview a living twin. (Remember, the chance of finding both twins alive was small because of the experimentation methods used by Mengele.) She did not find the juxtaposition of twin viewpoints as a compelling reason to seek out a living twin in the U.S. where she lived and worked.As of the date of this post, Ms. Lagnado has yet to reply to my assertions on her journalistic decisions.
I'm a long-time fan of Mr. Allen and he's one of the few short story writers who can hold my attention. I bought this book after a favorable review in a major newspaper. I'm writing here to save you from the same mistake. I believe Mr. Allen wrote this with a dictionary at his side, selecting words at random to plug into his narratives. Astoundingly, he doesn't even get it all right: He writes, for example, that someone is "to the manor born," a very common error. The original phrase is "to the manner born," meaning a style of life, not a house.These are faint outlines of the original Allen talent. I still remember laughing uproariously at older stories of someone going back into old books and, instead of becoming a character in Madame Bovary, becomes the spanish irregular verb "tenir" or some such thing. Those were great stories. Remember the couple dressed as a deer finally able to enter a restricted country club? Nothing like that remotely exists here.These new ones, alas, Mr. Allen might say himself, dictionary by his side, are for myrmidons only: loyal followers, without regard for quality or humor.
This book is a very quick and easy read. I am already half way through in just one sitting. While it has good points there are no examples or elaboration. All the information can be gathered from reading each chapter title. The book is good about explaining why each point is important. I was left wanting more information and had hoped for examples to demonstrate each point to aide me in understanding and to help me utilize the ideas in my workplace. Overall I think the book had potential but needs to be fleshed out a bit.
As an author I found the structure of The Man from Bejing sadly out of balance. It begins with a horrific mass murder in a tiny Swedish hamlet in the north. This certainly gets the readers' attention, but the motivation of the killer is not credible, nor it is likely that a powerful Chinese capitalist would commit such a crime, killing innocent people in a far away place. The author's intention is garbled, for much of the book is devoted to a political polemic contrasting Maoist ideology with China today. It is always an error to push a political ideology in a work of fiction. The Swedish protagonist, a judge with a past in pro-Mao ideology, is hardly believable, and her own actions are to my mind illogical and unbelievable. When mugged in China she doesn't share the news with her roommate, which is the obvious course of events. After a very long diversion into history of Chinese laborers on the building of the railroad during the Gold Rush to somehow justify revenge over a hundred years later without revealing fthe actual reason for the need for revenge, to me was a cop-out. The Swedish protatonist bumbles along unconvincingly. Her failing marriage is hardly reconstructed as she is not proactive and doesn't seem to care very much. (I first read a sample on my Kindle, then turned to Amazon for a used copy for one cent plus postage.) I can't understand how this could be touted as a best seller unless it rode on the coattails of the author's previously very successful mysteries. I found reading it dreary and disappointing. Save your money..
I will admidt that I can't understand the challenges of having or being autistic. That could be why I found this story so tedius. If that is the case, please don't take offense.
I was hoping this book would summarize any potential for specific uses of wind power in special circumstances. It doesn't do this. This book is specifically only about the author's preferred system and planning for deploying his preferred offshore wind system. It doesn't discuss wind power's viability to save or waste energy in general at all. This is what I expected. "Wind power" has already been thoroughly debunked, especially mass large-scale projects. Like solar panels, hybrid cars, and trash "recyling", "wind power" wastes vast amounts of industrial investment, subsidized by taxpayers, going to politically-connected cronies, and then wasting even more energy when deployed. At which point there is only enough wind to generate any power about 4% of the time. The rest of the time, large-scale systems are total wastes. They desecrate the landscape, take up land which could be used for other endeavors, kill birds, require expensive, energy-intensive maintenance and upkeep, and only generate electricity 4% of the time. Like all projects encouraged by government bureaucrats, they grossly misallocate limited moneies and resources, and further impoverish taxpayers who are forced at gunpoint into funding these boondoggles. It's been estimated that solar and wind projects might only be truly viable in several decades, if ever in the foreseeable future. Instead we should be focusing our efforts on conserving our resources, increasing efficiency and low-cost pollution controls, and using abundant resources like natural gas. Not only are wind power, trash recycling and other absurdities of the "green" movement actually energy-negative, but the extent of their waste should be a scandal. Progressives have been suckered into buying the claims of the "environmental" movement, which have little basis in reality or scientific proof. Environmentalists would rather people starve and freeze to death in their homes, than use common sense fossil fuel solutions like clean coal, gas, thorium power, and clean oil. And they would also rather take our money and put it in their bank accounts. These "green" projects are immensely profitable projects for the contractors, and especially to the progressive elitists who push them. Google Al Gore and his energy-gulping mansions, SUV's and private jet use for an example. These frauds are already running for cover because they've been outed and soon practically everyone will understand that most environmental "innovations" are just money-making schemes and vote-selling.
I didn't read the title carefully enough.  It is certainly misleading.  This is a simple summary with pictures and seems somewhat pointless.  I thought I was getting "Little House on the Prairie" for my 8 year old granddaughter.  I cannot imagine that this version would be of interest to her or to her 5 year old sister.  I plan to just donate it to the Friends of the Library Sale.  Maybe someone else will like it.
hard to review as nothing much happens - just day to day family life
If I didn't need this book for class assignments, I would never buy it.  It is pretty broad in coverage and doesn't have much in the way of redeeming content.
My major gripe about this book is the complete lack of originality.  Niffenegger has added nothing to the large body of well-thought-out fiction exploring the concept of and problems associated with time travel.  It's as if she sat down one day, thought "wow, time travel would cause problems with paradox and free will" then decided to beat the already dead idea with a stick.This book is nothing more than event after event where Henry determines the past by seeing the future.  There's nothing new here.  The concept might have made an okay short story, but after the first twenty incidents it gets old.  Niffenegger should have read at least a few of the masters who already played with that concept... Heck most episodes of "Star Trek Voyager" handled it more imaginatively than this book.I only give "The Time Traveler's Wife" two stars (rather than one) because if you have never dabbled in the genre, this would serve as a bit of Sci-Fi lite.  Perhaps there is an avid reader of romances for whom this will spark an interest in the concept of time travel and inspire them to read some Vonnegut or Heinlein.In short, there is absolutely nothing new here.
I cannot understand peoples' obsession with this book and its protagonist, Holden Caulfield. Holden is a sniveling, spoiled brat, and I suspect the author's idolized self-portrait.
I really thought I was going to like this book. Shalin is (ironically) a very stylistic writer, whose affinity for the written word and the English language give his prose a luminous quality. The premise of the book is fascinating. He provides an interesting overview of Western history, and re-interprets many events and developments in light of his thesis.However. Here is a list of the ways in which this book disappointed me:1. Near the start of the book, he says he is going to survey the available explanations for the historical developments he traces, and show why his theory is the one that explains the historical facts the best. He doesn't do this. His general approach is to show how some "bad" development followed immediately on the introduction of an alphabetic form of writing, or the printing press, or an increase in literacy. Although he says that he understands the difference between correlation and causality, in the end, he mostly presents correlations in time.2. Along the same lines, he fails to provide any cogent analysis of what is wrong with competing theories for the rising dominance of men in Western society (he mentions the horticulture-to-agriculture shift theory, but simply dismisses it without explaining why this explanation is wrong or incomplete).3. He takes odd little detours. I never did figure out what the chapter on Ganymede and Sappho had to do with his thesis.4. By the end of the book, the chapters became tediously repetitious. Basically, each one consisted of a description of some heinous development in Western culture, the establishment of some time-based correlation between this development and an increase in literacy, followed by the assertion that this was further proof that alphabets cause horrible problems.5. His entire premise relies on the equation of left brain with masculine (and thus with males), versus the right brain with feminine (and thus with females). He fails to distinguish between the social constructs of masculine/feminine and biological sex. He ignores all the studies which show that the differences within each sex (on this masculine/feminine scale) are far greater than between the sexes.6. Whenever he encounters a woman who thrives in a "masculine" environment, he adduces this as evidence of that particular woman being co-opted by the over-emphasis on the left brain. He never seems to question the degree to which his thesis is affected by the culture in which he is located -- to what degree can he universalize a theory tied so deeply to a particular notion of masculine and feminine that come so cleary from the time and place in which he lives.Interestingly, Shalin seems to recognize the irony of his entire project (using alphabet-based writing and logical thinking to debunk the same...). Therefore, he occasionally makes a point of saying that alphabets aren't *all* bad. It's just that whenever there's an increase in alphabetic literacy, then there is a corresponding social disruption.In the end I found the book to be based on an interesting idea, but altoghter too dogmatic in expounding the idea. And this dogmatism makes the argument ultimately unpersuasive to me.
Horrible book for a beginner! It's impossible to really follow along! Steps are incongruent, confusing and just plain frustrating to follow! DO NOT GET this book if you want to learn how to program for the iOS platform! As a reference might be OK but that's about it!
I bought this book on 2/25 and began reading it that night, but after 5 minutes I lost interest, although I will admit I am probably spoiled by the enjoyment and facts in Bill Simmon's 'The Book of Basketball.' Some comments:a) Shaq is listed #1 of all time in the book, though I see no reference to the amazing number of times Shaq led teams were SWEPT in the playoffs or the fact that he played with complete dedication for a short number of years, and instead lost interest but gained weight. In general I (so far) do not see any evidence to a methodology using statistics to rank players. Mr. Kolb includes quotes and opinions from writers and former players and not surprisingly many of the older writers and players rank the older players better. My favorite example: Ernie Vandeweghe says it is "close" who was better: George Mikan or Shaq. Holy Toledo! Video inspection of Mikan shows he was a creature of his times: slow, white and lumbering. His teammates would wait for him to arrive down on the offensive end, where he might jump over a slice of bread to score a bucket. Mikan could not survive in the current NBA.b) Oscar Robertson receives praise, but this is not tempered by key facts which are: 1) Robertson entered the league when the NBA was mainly white with roughly 25% of the players black. Examine the players he competed against during his first few years. The players are often a "Who's Who of Who are They?' In addition Robertson led teams failed to QUALIFY for the playoffs 4x during his stay with the Royals, even with Jerry Lucas;  his sole NBA title came when he teamed with a far superior player: Jabbar. 2) Kolb says that the Olympic team with Robertson, Walt Bellamy, Jerry West and Jerry Lucas would have given the 1992 Dream team a game. Holy Toledo, part 2! Walt Bellamy is the 'poster child' for the misuse of pre-1970 statistics to determine NBA player skill. In 1962 he averaged 32-19. He averaged 29-17 during his first 3 seasons - 1961 to 1963 - before the league changed color and got bigger and thus never made an All Star team after 1964. He is one of 9 players with 20,000 points and 14,000 rebounds, yet he was traded 2x in his prime and his teams won just 2 playoff series. More generally Robertson and West could not effectively compete against Jordan and Pippin on the 1992 Dream Team. Again, if you doubt this, examine the videos of the 1969 LA Lakers vs Boston Celtics championship series on YouTube: players often dribble with their right hand while going left; players have 3-4 feet of defensive separation; the game played by Jerry West is played below the rim. The NBA athletes from that period are not equivalent to the modern NBA athlete.c) In general there appears to be insufficient research or comments done on the superiority of the modern athlete versus his peer from 40 to 50 years ago. On this, Simmons writes that Jordan would have been examined by doctors to determine if he were an alien, if he played years ago. If you doubt this, then just watch the tapes of the older versus younger players. Watch Jordan with the unstoppable fall-away jump shot and the dunks from the foul line, versus Oscar or Jerry West who play below the rim. Do the athletic skills really seem comparable? Do the moves by Wilt Chamberlain near the basket really resemble the athleticism of Hakeem or Shaq in their primes? Of course not. For this reason --- and as Simmons writes: 1) it is unfair to put the modern basketball player on the same level as the player from 40-50 years ago; 2) when you evaluate the player from 40-50 years ago the first question must be: could he 'SURVIVE' in the modern game. Bill Russell for all of his championships was the same size of Kevin Durant. Can you really imagine Russell having any chance to cover Durant if he played today with the skills he had 50 years ago?d) My age is closer to the basketball players who peaked during the 70's than those who played now. On that it is interesting that many of the older experts quoted in the book liked the older players. So I am not surprised that Matt Goukas, who played with Chamberlain but who could not make a major college team if he played today, rates Chamberlain so highly.At the end of the day, the greatest players should be examined for their athleticism as shown by tape or video, their career statistics adjusted for the change of the game over time, and for their crunch time success in the playoffs. The modern athlete is a superior athlete compared to those 40-50 years ago, and this matters in sports like basketball and football and boxing and track and field, where sheer athleticism can lead to domination. Based on these metrics:  1) why do fans gloat over the Big O's 'Triple Double' records when NBA games averaged 1/3 more shots than the modern game; 2) how could you deny the statistical and crunch time success and video exploits of Michael Jordan?
I was excited to read this book. I read the reviews that compared the authors to Umberto Eco (Genius) and Dan Brown (Ultras Genius). Wow - how I was fooled. I kept hoping that this book would get good - well, I am still hoping and I finished reading it 3 weeks ago. How anyone with half a brain could give this book a good review is a mystery to me. Save yourself some $$ and pass on this one!
I was greatly deceived by the book cover and description on the back of this book. I though I was going to be reading a charming story of a mischievous girl in the year 1290.. Instead, I got a greatly drawn out anti-climatic year in the life of a shrew.  I was so bored reading this story and I can't figure out what the literary qualities are, that nominated this book for a Newbery Award. I hope teachers don't choose to make this a priority book in their classes, because the kids will most likely not read it. Even if they do, they won't learn anything from it.
I first read this book in 2000.  And I thought my own problems with this book might just be my problems projected on to the book.  Or those justifiable with impeccable reasonings were just minor problems, the criticizing of which would keep me from seeing the main issues and value of Peck's writing.I'm no expert in biology nor in thermodynamics.  I am not a medical doctor (like Peck) nor a famous author (like Peck).  Despite these facts, I believe that Peck can be dismissed because he makes the argument in this book that life--human and otherwise--overcomes the second law of thermodynamics (energy, though conserved, always moves to lower state of usefulness).My faith now and then is that the Sun currently provides a vast and long-lasting source of useful energy.  My belief of this is unshakeable.  I believe that life does not place energy in anymore of a useful state than a silicon-based microprocessing unit.  Nevertheless, Peck argues that Life does disprove the second law of thermodynamics.  A minor point, but one that after 7 years of consideration was good a one to dismiss this stupid narcissistic pop-fool.He claims to use the scientific method, yet on very basic perceptions I believe he gets it totally wrong.  When I just think about most of the ideas covered in this pop spiritual book that have less tangible aspects with reality.  I now believe with good reason and my own unshakeable faith that those too are just as ill-conceived as his notion of life overcoming the 2nd law of thermo.
Writers Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason state in their "The Rule of Four" that `a riddle is a castle built on air perfectly habitable if you don't look down'. So is their book. You can enjoy it -- as long as you don't think a lot of what you read or don't ask any questions. Otherwise, you'll fall from this castle. There is no doubt that they are extremely smart and educated. Their novel has been largely compared to Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code", Donna Tartt's "The Secret History" and Umberto Eco's "The Name of the Rose"."The Rule of Four" is not as bad as Brown's `materpiece', but it is not as good as Tartt's and it is hardly comparable to Eco's novel. What one can notice in this book is a confused mix of all these different and unique styles -- if they are good or not is another story. Caldwell and Thomason sat on the fence, undecided if they want to pursue the cheap and disposable Brown or the erudite and crafted Tartt. Eco is even far away from them -- so he is better left alone."The Rule of Four" is set in Princeton -- a place the writers know well. And has a background the "Hypnerotomachia Poliphili"; its name means the ''struggle for love in a dream'' of a man called Poliphilo. Paul is having a hard time cracking the "Hypnerotomachia". Apparently they don't have any problems with the fact that book is written in a mixture of Latin, Greek, Italian, Hebrew, Arabic, Chaldean and Egyptian hieroglyphics; and the whole thing may be encrypted in elaborate codes.Paradoxically the old  "Hypnerotomachia" is more interesting and have fresher ideas than "The Rule of Four" itself. The contemporary writers based their narrative in old devices and the very old mechanic of thriller solving, bringing up dead bodies and detectives to Princeton. Moreover, all the characters are very stereotypical representing different social portions. There is also the sweet -- but useless as a character-- girlfriend Katie. Thinking of her, Tom says some of the most embarrassing moments in the book. "If ever there were a time to stay grounded, to resist that struggle and that dream [alluding to the "Hypnerotomachia"] -- if ever there were a time to remember a love that has devoted itself madly to me, to remember the promise I made to Katie -- that time is now." This can break one's heart. Just kidding!There are also scholars and librarians who are devoted to the old document. But, then again, there isn't a soul inside those characters; there isn't a heart pulsing in their chests. What is left are descriptions and one dimensional people. They don't live, they seek a book. Of course, there are obsessed people -- but even those are human beings, something that none character in this book is.Caldwell and Thomason seem to be two young kids who spent six years playing with their new videogame. As in this game `people' are not real they only solve riddles -- even those built in the air. It is a good idea that went bad. The old text could have been the raison d'tre of a good thriller. The unknown writer of the "Hypnerotomachia" -- whoever he is-- deserved much more.
After slogging all the way through this book, I came to Amazon, expecting to see a low rating. I am surprised to see that it has 4.5 stars (as of when I'm writing this review) and a lot of positive comments.On the plus side, the author did take some interesting ideas and combine them in a way that makes sense. I don't mind the hours I spent reading this book because at least it made me think about a couple of things I hadn't realized before.But on the other hand... there are really only a few important concepts in this book, and you can see what they are by reading a couple of the longer reviews here (like Coert Visser's or the one from "Dr. Professor Hossein Arsham." There's no need to read the whole thing unless you want to hear those same concepts explained over and over again.
I was excited to read this book as a friend told me Rendals books were so good.  Maybe others are, but this one went on and on, Wexford interviewing person after person to find the killer of a preacher who happened to be a woman and a single mom.  Certainly there were many characters who could have done it, but they were mostly boring and I just didn't care any more!
First I bought this book 6 days ago for 13.83 it's now 12.83. How does something go down in price 1 dollar in one week?Anyway this book is not as informative as a text book but too dull for an enjoyable read.It is not:THE ULTIMATE READERS' GUIDE TO THE ART OF FORENSICS!An intrepid investigator crawls through miles of air conditioning ducts to capture the implicating fibers of a suspect's wool jacket . . . A forensic entomologist discovers insects in the grill of a car and nails down a drug dealer's precise geographical path . . . A gluttonous criminal's fingerprints are lifted from a chocolate truffle. . . .Filled with these and many other intriguing true stories, and packed with black and white illustrations and photographs, The Forensic Casebook draws on interviews with police personnel and forensic scientists--including animal examiners, botanists, zoologists, firearms specialists, and autoposists--to uncover the vast and detailed underworkings of criminal investigation. Encyclopedic in scope, this riveting, authoritative book leaves no aspect of forensic science untouched, covering such fascinating topics as:* Securing a crime scene* Identifying blood splatter patterns* Collecting fingerprints--and feet, lip, and ear prints* Interpreting the stages of a body's decay* Examining hair and fiber evidence* Trace evidence from firearms and explosives* "Lifting" DNA prints* Computer crime and forensic photography* Career paths in criminal scienceLucidly written and spiked with real crime stories, The Forensic Casebook exposes the nitty gritty that other books only touch upon. Here is a reference book as addictive as a page-turning novel of suspense.The book is not the above.  The above is misleading.  It is dry dull reading that somehow does not reach the level of authority and information that a text book is required to reach nor is it lucidly written prose directed at the layperson who wants a better understanding of the subject but be entertained as well.  The DNA section is a joke. The author does not spend enough time on it, discuss why it is considered so accurate--by the way it's not, the wikipedia articles give you a better grasp of DNA.I stopped reading after ten minutes and instead decided to have some real excitement--I watched some paint dry.I don't know where to start, the lackluster prose, the insipid writing(I believe writting is correct because writing would really be the act of serving or writting a writ), the factually incorrect information, or so on.A 300 plus page book that has less then 50 photos and drawings combined and of which about ten are photos of different insignia-- police badges, csu and csi badges, a case in which a phone booth was important has a photo of a phone booth imposed over a photo of different coins. One photo was a stack of tires(probabaly a story where tire treads were important) another a close-up photo of a typewriter, another a close-up of a dog superimposed over a background so muddy I could not tell what it was(this as a prelude to the chapter about animals), another a photo of a city with the back of a car with the trunk opened as well as photos of butterflies superimposed.  I have been a production manager in publishing for many years and would never have allowed photos of this quality to be printed especially on non glossy paper.  I expected real photos of actual cases, not very muddy atmospheric photos.Anyway I got ripped off for relying on a blurb. At least it was less than 15 dollars. However that's 15 dollars I could have spent for a better book.After about 3 purchases I was unsatisfied with in the last month I will place more faith in the reviews. Although I should of paid more attention to Jena Snyder's excellent review-especially since my mother maiden name was Snyder-in this case the reviews were fairly evenly divided.If had only known what the photos were actually of-atmospheric instead of actual photos of actual cases-this information would have been enough for me not to buy the book.
I am not enjoying reading about Princeton college traditions. If I wanted to read about that subject, I would have bought such a book. I guess I'll press on to the end, but man, what a boring ride. Princeton alumni will probably like it. Not sure why it's a best-seller, though. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Oy..this book gave me a headache. Too many swirling metaphors, too many clever rambling sentences...when one finally goes screeching to a halt and then putt..putt..putters right into another out of control (to me) stream of consciousness expressed in too many words I had to look up on my desktop dictionary. This guy makes Gore Vidal look like a 5th grade level writer. I've read many authors and can usually absorb what they are trying to say..but alot of this book was like reading a foreign language to me, and I just lost interest, it was too much work. I have no idea if Mr. White is a "nice" man or a pretentious ass, but what I DID come away with from trying to get through this book , other than a headache, was a depressed mood that required  1/2 an "emergency"  xanax...It just seemed like a life devoid of any REAL pleasure or meaning, everything seemed totally futile, when it wasn't just blase..(pronounced .."blozzzeyyy"..lol..) And the sex...okay, I get it, there is more to sex than just wham bam..(well..SO I've heard!) but I REALLY can't think of any reason why I would need, nor want.. to hear about someone performing oral sex on someone whilst they are poo-ing. Hey, I'm an averagely attractive ageing guy who, though I appreciate it, .. does not now nor have I ever worshipped at the alter of male beauty. Or, worse yet, made myself feel like a repulsive reject when you can't compete with that (you'd be AMAZED at what a little humor and a homemade streudel can accomplish!...lol.) I had a horrifically abused childhood, and when I was old enough to liberate myself, I did, and other than a few self pitying periods, never looked back. A negative past doesn't HAVE to be who you are, or create a life of self indulgent self flagellation. Oh well, maybe I just missed the point of this book, so let's just go back to my title for this review and leave it at that: I am too dumb to successfully read this book.
Having recently become intrigued by current discoveries in neuropsychology, I was eager to read BRAINS: HOW THEY SEEM TO WORK, written by a renowned professor of neurobiology, psychology and brain sciences. But what a disappointment! Purves' book is not only limited in regard to imparting our current understanding, but it is narrow, overly technical, and poorly structured.For the past few days, I've been wondering whether to title this review Dale Purves' Professional Diary (but that only pertains to the first half of the book), How Not to Write About the Brain (but his writing style might appeal to neurobiologists in training), or How to Make A Fascinating Subject Boring. I opted for the latter.The first third of BRAINS is not about how the brain works, but rather about Purves' own academic history (a sort of "I did this, I did that") and the history of brain researchers. Do we really need a page resume of each researcher followed by a presentation of his work? Do we need lengthy discussions of past research, only to be followed by brief statements pointing out that the researchers' theories have been disproved and are no longer accepted? For a reader wanting to learn about current discoveries in brain science, such an experience is an exercise in excessive amygdala and sympathetic nervous system arousal (i.e. considerable frustration).Purves' book would have been more readable and meaningful to readers if he had briefly summarized the history of brain research and then clearly presented an overview of our understanding today. What about, for example, recent discovering in regard to how the brain forms new associations, and regenerates itself later in life?Half of BRAINS is focused upon Purves' specialty, visual perception, as well as motion perception. Purves does know his subject, which he presents in detail, and with a useful glossary to help with technical vocabulary. As a photographer, I did find his chapter on how we perceive color to be interesting. I was also enlightened by his explanations about how what we see doesn't always correspond to reality, but rather reflects the way our brain interprets and integrates complex data.But his approach is narrow and reductionistic, and the few times he attempts to summarize his conclusions, he fails to do so successfully. For example, at the end of the chapter "Perceiving Geometry," he writes: "Many people have difficulty understanding how this way of seeing apparent lengths, angles or aspects of geometry could possibly be helpful in guiding behavior. Surely seeing these features for what they are in the image or the world would be the most logical way to relate perception to behavior, even though the inverse problem precludes direct specification of physical sources. ....Only by encoding the empirical results of trial-and-error discovery from successful behavior is it possible to deal with the world effectively through the senses."My own schooling in educational psychology, as well as experience as an author and instructor, has led me to be particularly aware of effective methods of imparting knowledge. I therefore am disappointed to encounter a professor of brain science who does not possess or know how to apply such awareness.Purves does not present any overview or "road map" of his subject, delineate his main points, differentiate main points from minor ones or supporting data, or clearly summarize his material. Where is the motivating argument, the "so what?" factor to alert his readers to the relevance and importance of his information? Why has he overloaded our brains and impeded our ability to store pertinent information by cluttering his book with irrelevant material (e.g. learning about retirement annuities in the 70s). Where are the interconnections so important to learning which enable us to grasp the context and relate the part to the whole, and our own lives? In fact, where is the context apart from historical background?I do not recommend this book, except to students and scholars interested in the history of brain research or the neuroscience of vision.
Though the writing is good the story is not one to choose lightly.The book portrays dysfunctional family through the eyes of mentally challenged teen boy. To put it in a nutshell:The mother is sick & tired of caring for her Autistic son, so she runs off with some guy to London, while the angry father proclaims to everyone that she died of Herat attack (to save his pride). The lonely father befriends their neighbor (mistaking pity for romance) who helps them out with the daily chores of cooking and cleaning. When the father spills the notion of marriage to the charitable woman she goes into a fit and slams the door in his face. Then he goes into a fit and kills her dog with a garden-pitchfork (??)His son finds the dead dog and is arrested, which gives him the idea, to go and find the killer. Instead of finding the killer he finds hidden letters from his mom who isn't dead as he thought. After the father comes clean to him about Moms' "death" and the dog, the boy runs off to London, where his mothers' boyfriend goes into a fit when he sees him. The mother returns him to the father a day later. Everyone is surprised she isn't dead. The end.Half of the book is about solving mathematical problems (prime numbers, size of the universe') the other half is distressing (effects of Autism), depressing (father), and discussing (mom). WARNING: Definitely NOT creative, light, funny, great read, or re-read as the other reviews claim. You may find your self lost... (I give it **)
...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library.If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.I did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book, relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed...
In all my life, I have only ever been unable to finish two books. Atonement is the second. After having such high hopes from other reviewers and friends, I made it halfway into this book - reaching, at last, the crime - before having to toss the book aside. It is cliche, none of the characters are remotely likable, or even bearable, and the writing is over-detailed to the point that it makes a reader struggle to remember what is actually happening in the story. It is with great regret that I am forced to add another book to my "Unbearable" list, and hope that no more innocents are trapped into reading Atonement.
This book is a testament to what happens when successful authors get big advances -- from movie studios.  The entire novel is clearly a screenplay.  There are lavish descriptions of the sets which will doubtless be featured  in the future Hollywood blockbuster, but almost no character development.  It's impossible to understand why people are doing what they are doing, but  we can all cheer as the baddies get their arms lopped off and the heroine  uses a &quot;hasta lavista, baby&quot; type line here and there.  I have to  contrast this with Thomas Harris's &quot;Hannibal&quot; (also a book which  doubtless received a huge movie option fee) which may be unfilmable, since  it deals so much with the internal life of the charaters, but which is a  much better read.I admit I was swept up in the action, which is  tremendous, but at the end I felt slightly ashamed of myself.  This book  will have you casting the movie however -- Brendan Frasier as the muscular  wanna-be knight, etc?Overall, this is the most intellectually vacuous of  Crichton's novels, which is saying something.  I'm done with this guy.
The book provides a very broad introduction into the topic. This is very good for someone who has no or not much background. On the other hand, the explanations are not very insightful nor very good to really understand the principles of the treated methods.Also, about 1/3 of the book is a kind of manual for the software provided by the authors.I would recommend this book to first or second semester students who want to get an overview of data mining, however, without expecting to gain a solid understanding.
I read this book on holidays having just read Philip Roths "The human stain".It is readable but repetitive and stereotypical. I enjoy the TV series but in contrast to conventional wisdom  the book is disappointing in comparisonFrost comes across as a combination of Colombo and Benny Hill in a Carry on film. The characters are all cardboard cut outs and the ubiquituous bacon sandwiches ,page 3 females and viagra fired men becomes tiresome.A mindless read after a heavy book or 10 pints of lager!!
I open up a new book wanting to like it. I am disappointed, both with myself and the book, when I have to admit that I couldn't get into a particular novel. My reading tastes are varied, and my disliking a book doesn't happen very often. I won't come right out and say that I didn't like The Time Traveler's Wife; instead I will just say that it made me very uncomfortable. Uncomfortable enough, after the first few chapters, to start skimming and jumping around, just reading bits here and there to give me the gist of the plot.I don't have any issues with time travel as part of a storyline but, in this case, I did have a hard time accepting 24-year-old Henry visiting 5-year-old Henry. Traveling back in time is one thing, but a duality of existence just pushes my conviction beyond all reasonable doubt. Even harder to accept was the relationship between the two 15-year-old Henrys. This particular relationship verged on being incestuous and had the potential to be emotionally damaging to the real-world young Henry.  It pushed the envelope way too far.  I also wasn't completely at ease with the Clare-Henry child/adult/romantic overlap. Just unappealing somehow. (The older man--handily naked--and the little girl in the school uniform! Not even original.)Had these characters been more interesting, perhaps these situations would take on a different color, but I found both Clare and Henry (time travel aside) and their conversations to be bland. They just didn't sparkle for me.
I started my CCIE lab studies with this book in 2000, it was an easy read and I really liked this book, specifically the Frame Relay section which still applies to today's lab.  But, I had to put a hold on studies for a while.I started my CCIE studies again in 2002 and passed the lab in 2003.  During that time I glanced at this book for a total of 20 minutes.  There are simply so many other books by CiscoPress that are better than this one, although, again, the Frame Relay section very well done.  But certain sections, such as switching, token ring, and quite a few others simply don't apply anymore.  Also, the Lab exam is so different now, with 3550's, QoS, Multicast galore, that this book falls of the required reading list.I do think the author did a great job on this book initially, but it needs a facelift of major proportions.
Could not get into this book and after the first chapter - I put it down. Rarely, do I not finish a book that I have started
There was nothing remotely entertaining about this novel. It was entirely filled with inane and utterly unbelievable storylines that failed to create any attachment for me to the characters.
There were many annoying things about this book.  Perhaps most annoying is that he never really talks about economies, and just blathers about gee-whiz technology in a rapid fire manner.  He doesn't really penetrate much into the technology, nor bothers to say how it is really going to affect economies.  The book is full of pre-9/11, pre-internet bubble euphoria, and never spends any time fully exploring its interesting premise.Certain the internet and communication technologies will effect the economy, and anyone trying to get any real insight here, beyond that it will make the world a better place and lots of people are going to make more money (stated over and over again), will be greatly let down.The effects of technology on economies is better described elsewhere, such as &quot;The Innovator's Dilemma&quot; and other books that understand both economics and the relevant technology, something a &quot;visionary&quot; such as Tapscott has no time for.Beyond providing insight into internet/technology mania of the mid to late 90's, I see no reason to invest time to read this book.
I bought this book because I thought it was a mystery.Because the title is based on a Holmes story.And then I read it.And then there was a murder of a dog.And then there were a lot of logical lessons and math lessons in between the real story.And then I skipped over many of these parts because they were boring.And then I saw that a lot of sentences in this book begin with "and then".And then I realized that with the main character being autistic, the author can write like a Special School person, and then I wondered if he could write a real book written like a grownup.And then I looked for a good ending.And then there wasn't one.
Although the whole idea of depicting a world in which the unlikely does find a place in existence -very similar to what is known as "Realismo M&aacute;gico", Carter's prose is at times nothing but tiring. At times it seems she painstakingly intends to have the reader notice all the relations of intertextuality that she knits. The use of myth does show how profound the writer's knowledge of mythology might be, but in the end, it happens to obscure the meaning of the story instead of enlight it. The book is in itself attractive but rather dense; besides there are too many stories inside the main plot, which contributes to the difficulty of reading it. I couldn't read it as fast as I'm used to reading... it took an effort on my part, but I couldn't feel that "something" that catches you as a reader.
Useless if you are looking for a book about sabermetric analysis.  The first chapter starts off great, explaining basic tools to evaluate hitter performance.  From there, the book does a 180 and instead focuses on an introductory to probability theory, with little to no tie to actual baseball.  It's disjointed and has little to no human commentary (it almost reads like a textbook for many stretches).  If you're looking for sabermetric analysis, there's many better sources, and if you're looking for a probability theory textbook, there's many better sources.Chapter One was useful though... only reason this gets 2 stars.
After seeing the movie I was intrigued to find this book, the supposed &quot;true story&quot; behind the movie.  Getting the &quot;truth&quot; here, however, is very unlikely.The draft riot was of specific interest to me as someone who's researched and written about protest (violent and non-violent), political events, the military, etc.  Unfortunately, it's quite obvious that Asbury wasn't interested in doing a history or sociology textbook when he put this together more 70 years ago.  For example, the police are referred to as &quot;heroic&quot; and &quot;valiant&quot; while the rioters are depicted as monsters and animals.  None of this helps explain why these events occurred.  Instead, Asbury takes sides - which severely limits the book's worth if you're wanting to learn more about this forgotten piece of US history.  It's certainly not a serious study of what caused the riot and the various brutalities committed by _all sides_.  It's hard to believe that this book is the source material for the movie.If you're seriously wanting to learn about the gangs, riots and turmoil in NYC during this era - the true story by behind the movie - then you'll want to look elsewhere.  If you're interested in seeing some of the propaganda that was created regarding these events, some of the yellow journalism and tabloid style writing that existed in the 1920s and 30s when this text was written, then you might get something out of this book.  On that merit alone - as flawed journalism - perhaps this book is worth a read.
I read every day, so does my 8 year old, and we often read to each other. 10 pages into me reading this one, and we looked each other in the eye and made faces. I can't remember the last time we didn't finish a book. Too many long streams of colors matched with birds we hadn't heard of (and we have almost memorized David Attenborough's Life of Birds, and my son does a couple dozen bird calls from those videos). The illustrations were nice drawings, but honestly, the rain forest is best taught with a visual component. Or perhaps with much better writing.
Before you purchase this, please realize:  THIS IS A TEXTBOOK.  IT IS FOR IT PROFESSIONALS or IT STUDENTS ONLY.This book will NOT teach you how to make better MS Access relational databases (which is what I thought it did).It discusses the history of relational databases, lists common problems, and goes on to discuss theories of solutions.  The Amazon discussion of the product indicates that it has tons and tons of examples.  It does have examples, but NOT PRACTICAL, easily applicable ones.This book sounded like it would have been useful, but it is not.  It might be good from an educational perspective, but I am not an IT professional or an IT student and aside from those two categories of people I can't really see who'd want to read this or why.When I saw the words "relational database", I thought, well, Microsoft Access is a relational database.  Filemaker Pro is a relational database.  And yes, the common problems they list are indeed problems that need to be solved when making databases in those programs.  BUT this book will not help you find a solution.  So don't buy it for that reason.  This book does not go into Access or Filemaker Pro programming.  So don't expect it to (which I did, because the Amazon notes for the book said it had lots of examples.  It does, just in the more academic sense of the word "examples").
Get the other one by Dennis Ricthie for a C reference manual.  This one is very difficult to follow.
I read this in 7th grade for a assignment. Seriously so boring. No climax no strong plot. It just drags on and on
This book is a failed experiment in a new form, ie. formlessness, ie. drivel.  It consists of logical non-sequiturs, self-contradictions, incorrect grammar, adolescent nastiness (snide, negative, too-cool attitude), a bad ear for dialog, using the wrong word, and being I presume deliberately bad, just to wrong-foot the reader with its undergraduate postmodernism.  You get the feeling it's about something, but you don't know what it is, because presumably you're not as smart as Faulkner (but you're wrong)- he hopes you'll conclude it's great simply because you don't get it.  It's a fraud and a waste of time, and you almost have to pity the deluded mind that came up with it and had so little idea what they were doing.  I'm not kidding- you will laugh and you will cry at the failure of the attempt to write literature.The book garnered interest because it broke taboos, as the first person often talks down blacks and women; and it earned bleeding-heart points for having a simpleton for a character; but if that's not new or interesting for you, then this book is not for you.
I read this book by audio tape. It was okay, but a disappointment. The plot never really went anywhere. The book sounded like a college paper.
This book was already obsolete when I bought it. Very frustrating. Screenshots were outdated since G+ changed everything. Helpful tips but didn't help me get &#34;started&#34; on G+ like it was supposed to.
I thought &#34;wow, how convenient- I'll be able to access this book from my phone, kindle, and laptop!&#34;Boy, was I wrong.None of the tables or flow-charts are included in the kindle version, which means that the kindle version is 100% useless.  The book itself is super helpful, and I will definitely be buying the hard copy.Save yourself the trouble.  Do not buy the kindle version.
Just couldn't get into the characters at all, and the Ethiopian history lessons put me fast to sleep. I started skipping passages, then realized life is too short to waste on rambling, plodding books that fail to engage. I finally gave up when I realized I didn't care what happened to anybody. I rarely give up on a book [I've done it maybe 5 times in my life], but I was happy to put this one down. Next!
I have read more than a dozen books by James Patterson, including all 10 in the Women's Murder Club series.  I can't deny that Patterson's stories are usually interesting, but they are marred by gross gaps in logic and plot that frustrate me to the point that I plan to read no more of his books.  In a previous WMC book,a family brings a civil suit against the SFPD, including Lindsey Boxer, for alleged wrongful death.  In an astonishing gaffe, the issue is repeatedly mis-characterized as whether Boxer will be found guilty or innocent--terms which of course not part of a civil suit.The tradition continues in this book, as follows: the police suspect that the 15-year girl has sold her baby to a childless couple.  The girl finally confides that the couple are named Toni and Sandy.  From these names the police officer immediately deduces, correctly, that the couple consist of two women. Since the communication was oral, the officer had no way of knowing (as the reader does) that the first name was spelled 'Toni' rather than the more common 'Tony'. In fact both of the names are gender-ambiguous; the couple could just as easily been heterosexual or both male.I can only assume that Patterson's prolific output of novels, many of them co-written with other authors, represent mass production to the degree that no one has time to proof-read the stories.
Boy, I needed something to read because I sort of ran out of books and all. I really did! I sort of asked my son suave as hell if he had any god**** books. He took a lot of crumby English classes and passed, just like the god**** main character in Catcher in the Rye.I tried to read it before, I really did, but I sort of quit reading by the third god**** chapter. Boy! It was sort of corny and all with those phony characters and phony dialogue. They kill me! But I sort of decided to keep reading like a madman and all.It was sort of a challenge. Holden sort of reminded me of a corny kid at god**** summer camp who tries to fit in with crumby older boys with corny words and all. He's sort of stupid, he really is, and sort of gets kicked out of his god**** school. He kills me! There are 26 god**** crumby chapters in this god**** book. He sort of takes 21 chapters to go from leaving his god**** school to get home. He really did!In between he sort of does absolutely nothing except really smoke like a madman and sort of tries to get people to talk, but nobody wants to. It kills me! Probably because he's so god**** boring and all. I'd rather talk to an undertaker. I really do!I sort of understand making a corny character talk really suave as hell who doesn't want to be phony. Boy, I really did! But maybe I couldn't get interested in this crumby thing because it's sort of like reading a god**** appliance warranty. Boy, I can't believe I squandered three god**** days on this really puerile nonsense, I really don't.It was dumber than House on Mango Street. I sort of wanted to punch the god**** author in the god**** nose, I really did, but he's dead now, and I have no one to blame but myself for missing out on the opportunity while he was alive.
I got to about page 120, and just stopped. The book wasn't bad, and maybe if I had nothing else to do with my leisurely time I would've gone through it, but I just didn't see the need. Maybe seeing the film first(which I though was pretty strong) took away from the novel's shocking, tragic twist at the end, and the overall suspense was naturally decreased. But I've read quite a couple books after seeing the films made from them and was able to love them and get into them; because, even though the stories may be the same, you cannot compare films and movies-they're just two different things.Again, House Of Sand ANd Fog isn't bad; but its not anything I'd reccomend either.It's not that the book is boring, the pace of the book isn't the problem. The problem is that, while reading the book, I never got a feel for the characters or the atmosphere. I believe that the key thing when reading a novel is to be involved with what is happening.Well, this novel does not involve you with its characters in the least bit, so you can't be engaged in the story either. The novel's protagonists just never seemed real to me- I could hear the author's voice throughout; you know what I mean? I also hated Dubus's descrptions. The problem wasn't just that they were so sparse-the problem was that those times the author would go into describing something it was so pointless and static, that I literally had to roll my eyes.One dimensional characters, cardboard dialog, and mediocre writing are all reasons as to why this book isn't on my top ten must reads list.
i am in the minority, i am struggling to get through this book..just not capturing my interest as i had hoped from the reviews, ill finish it but only because i paid for it! the detail is almost overly done and his need for complicated wording doesnt impress me
It certainly appeared with Crighton's _Jurassic Park_ and _Timeline_ that he was writing to creative the very environment that the protagonist's are planning on creating - a fun park! With _The Lost World_ and _Timeline_, it appears that Creighton is also writing a book that he expects to become a movie. In the same way that I dislike Ben Elton's writing of novels that are to be easily converted into theatre, so too do I dislike novels designed to be made into films. Such novelists should write screenplays instead. Just as you wouldn't expand a small digital photo into a larger image, since parts of the image become chunky, unseemly, pixilated. The texture of films can be immensely detailed - events happening in the background for instance can be of endless fascination - yet the foreground is often necessarily crude. Committing a text-based narrative to paper in the mode of a movie is like creating a cartoon comic in black and white. Reading Crighton's cinematic work is to trade the vivid aesthetics of cinema for the convenience of being able to read in your own time and space. Yet when Crichton writes action he becomes susceptible to being superseded by writers such as Matthew Reilly of _Ice Station_ fame who use realism and hard science as an afterthought.After reading _Congo_ and _Andromeda Strain_ I am disappointed with _Timeline_ as I was expecting an intelligent, thought provoking read. Yet the good doctor has failed to deliver an original plot worthy of New Scientist readers.
This book was mildly amusing.  I'll spare you the details; I'm sure you've seen the commercials for "Christmas with the Kranks."  That commercial tells it all without even reading the book.  This is one time when the movie will actually be better than the book.I would not recommend this book because it is not very entertaining and certainly not thought-provoking.  But it's okay if you've been assigned to read a Christmas book for school or a book club.My first John Grisham book in a long time, and I was disappointed.
In brief, the book says empathy and then care for fellow business-related human beings (customers and staff), will create a better company.  In the first 2/3 of the book, there are condensed marketing analysis of several Fortune 500 turarounds because the company had empathy for and cared about potential customers.  In the second 1/3, the author describes how applying empathy and care as the Golden Rule (do unto others...) is useful also in the organization.There isn't anything wrong with these themes, but frankly, one's better off reading either ethics commentaries of the Bible for the Golden Rule or reading serious business marketing and organization books.  Both will teach far more than this book's advocacy of care and empathy.The type of customers the author is accustomed is consulting for are major very large corporations--somewhere it's easier to be out-of-touch with buyers.  So, if you're one of these lost Fortune 500 companies and are yourself lost, this book to teach again Marketing 101 might help.Apparently, the author uses the material here for students at Stanford, (which the author continually reminds the reader of), and the book belongs as simply a treatise toward a very young audience--.  Good for students.Even though this is a small book, I really don't like to read marketing books that are too wordy.  The "case studies" used here are brief but still can be further condensed by 1/3 to 1/2, and the business principles the author is teach are obvious, said better in thousands of other books.  Good inspiration book, bad analysis book.
I forced myself to read throughout this book.  The closely relavant information about Bollinger bands in this book is something like 10 to 15 pages, some of can be found in standard TA books.  I believe the Author should have written a TA book and included Bollinger bands as its one chapter.  It is so boring to read a book made of by extending a chapter of it to a book.
I forgot to take my LSD first. Save your dough. This is like Ulysses. A good argument for a good old fashioned book burning. I should sue the author for migraine.
Not a big fan of this book. I felt like I was reading an 80s version of Catcher in the Rye. It's hard for me to relate to spoiled, confused rich kids.
"The Rule of Four" is one of those books they hurried out because of the earthshattering success of Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code.' Because this book is about a code also, it looked like a good bet to capture the same audience.Unfortunately, this book is mess. Essentially, it's nothing more than a knowledge core dump by a couple Ivy Leaguers who are eager to show what they learned in college. In the tangle of all the unrelated facts and gee-whiz philosophical arguments is the riddle of a book with Renaissance secrets. Some of the riddles are so ridiculously easy to figure out that I winced as I read on. Others are better constructed, but nothing is particularly convincing.Stylistically, the book just murders the device of present-tense story telling by diving into whole chapters of past-tense backstory. Hey, take a look at William Gibson's "Pattern Recognition." He uses the technique correctly by continuing to move the action forward.The love story is hopelessly constructed and the ending doesn't really come to any conclusions whatsoever. The reader has to guess how the puzzle was solved and the fate of one of crucial characters is never explained adequately.I'd give the book one star if it weren't for the fact that the writers stumbled on a good idea. Had they acquired the kind of editor who could make their prose shine, they had a crack at creating a winner.
After reading all the reviews I thought this would be a great book. I am half way through and can't go on. I developed a dislike for Christopher's father and he way he treats Christopher. The book seems to drag.
There are several other books, that are over 2 years old that do the same job as this book. As an SOA enthusiast, you probably own or have read several of them already .. why bother with another one?
Although I have always been a loyal Grisham fan, I have no choice but to pan this book.  The best thing that can be said about it is that it is informative.  However, it's not captivating, or even interesting in the least.  You leave this book feeling like you've gotten a five hour lecture about homelessness.  This work has none of his Grisham's usual suspense and thrill which have always made his books a pleasure to read.
This book was quite possibly the most vapid excuse for affirmations that I've ever read.  I couldn't even make it through the entire book because it was filled with such trite and sophomoric feel-good nonsense, that I gave up on it before the halfway point.The author, Jeffrey Gitomer, is so enamored with his "revelations" for a "Yes attitude" that he continually quotes himself as if this was knowledge from an expert or deity.  In reality, this guy has all of the insight of Al Franken's Stuart Smalley character.  For instance, get this gem: "Positive attitude comes from your ability to process thoughts in a positive way, regardless of the circumstance."  Wow!  What an insight!If you're a person who likes big type in different colors on little pages and short chapters that you can breeze through and feel accomplishment in turning pages, then this is the book for you.  However, if you're looking for a book with some depth and insight, save your money and pass this one by.  Better yet, check it out from the library (as I did) and return it when you've had enough.  Gitomer is just another in a long list of motivational gurus who serve up the same warmed-over and repackaged feel-good slop to the gullible masses.
After reading this book, I am perhaps more mystified than before.  I would at best regard this book as a primer to advanced quantum mechanics and a beginner's introduction to elementary particles.  There is very little quantum field theory to be found. So, even neglecting the score of errata in the book, you will find that the author fails in his primary objective.No, I was not expecting an intensive mathematical treatment with in-depth and rigorous derivations.  I was expecting something along the lines of 'Relativity Demystified', which I thought served its purpose (even though that, too, is riddled with errata).  For more in depth explanation of the specific problems, see the 1-star review of this book by Gen.  He nailed my thoughts precisely.  Avoid this book - even as a study guide.
The best part are the riddles, but a lot of this book is fairly poorly written and lacks any narrative enticements such as interest in what happens to the characters...
I'm glad I have other sources re Zen, because if it were only this book I checked, it would be history.  The editorial review at the beginning said:  "You might want to digest this book slowly, a few pages at a time."  Otherwise, you may want to toss the book across the room.It seems very circular and unclear to me what point he's trying to make, and that isn't the case with other authors.
Before I begin, I must say that I received this as a complementary copy for review.I feel as if I am a curious person, but all of the questions posed were really uninteresting concepts that I do not think many people care to know anyway. Even if I did want to know how coffee beans are decaffeinated, I would just Google it and get instant information in two or three sentences instead of four and a half pages of wasted "scientific" jargon. I hoped this would be a book of cut and dry questions and answers that I could insert into casual conversations or cocktail parties, but I doubt sharing the weight of cremated ashes (depending on the gender and age... is that not common sense?) would get any laughs or begin a conversation. In the end, I would have been disappointed if I had spent money on this book. I agree with a previous reviewer; it is merely a bathroom read.
I chose this book because I had read an op-ed in the NY Times by Hubbard that had the most creative solutions for the mortgage crisis and need for economic stimulus that I had seen.  Imagine my disappointment when this book arrives  and is the usual screed against Washington, though considering the subtitle I shouldn't have been surprised.Not much going on here.  If you've read Conservative talking points you've got the book. Not recommended for people who are looking for creative solutions
I know, it is just a book for teenage girls who love romance.  That is great.  but the problem is the language combined with the setting were very unrealistic.  I felt that the historical setting and the characterizations were very poor to say the least.  If details are something you notice in a book, then I would avoid this one.However if you just want another cutsy love story and care nothing for the accuracy of a historical setting.  Enjoy it.  I just can't.  And because of it, I didn't buy the next book by this author in the series either.I have spent years and countless hours researching all aspects of life during this period, and I cannot help that I was disappointed by the attention to historical detail.  Yes, some research had been done, but a great deal more could have made this a much more readable book for me.  I willing admit that I am a book snob as well as a historical accuracy stickler.  This isn't a book that I could enjoy.
I'm in intermediate Spanish at a community college, and our teacher is using this book because it is the one she uses in her public school classes. The teacher's version has the translations, but I understand the student versions do not, which is absurd. And the point about way too many "pretty pictures" is dead on. The book could be a plain text book in paperback for $25 or less and then perhaps it might be worthwhile. Might be. I think this nonsense of so many colored pictures and a hardbound cover is simply justification for selling the book for a small fortune. Most of my Spanish books, many of which are better than this one, are a fraction of the cost. Time for a textbook revolution.
One word. Boring. I kept waiting for it to pick up, but it didn't. Finally, I just put it down. This was a book club book, and we all thought, well, ychh
I, like the vast minority, do not understand all this lavish praise heaped upon Ms. Jackson.  I've read literary crictism and essays about the book, and see what they're talking about--and agree with most points--but Hill House just isn't that great.  In fact, it isn't great at all.Simply put, Hill House is a mediocre thriller, chiefly inhibited by Jackson's writing stlye, and a supreme lack of anything actually happening.  I'm not saying she sucks, but the prose was a bit too choppy, the dialog was silly (and yes I understand all the nonsense about the characters creating fictious lives for themselves--it's still silly and unbelievable, and the fatal flaw:Jackson pulls the plug to early on many scenes just when they were getting interesting (the worst was the Theo and Nell storm off into the Don't Go Out After Dark Woods and happen upon a picnic and Theo yells from out of nowhere "Run Away and Don't look back." What scared her?  Without that crucial "little" detail, the scene is a waste of space, and makes no sense.  My point is that stuff like the preceding happened way too much, while nothing of any real interest did.  I liked the booming door knocking bit, but that was the House's (or Eleanor's) best trick, and I thought it was just sad when Jackson repeated it later.In summary, Hill House looked promising in the beginning, but never achieved anything. Maybe I'm just sick of the Female goes Crazy routine(which was done better in Yellow Wallpaper). Read The Shining instead.
I didn't read this book -- I listened to it on tape.  I don't think I would have been able to get through it otherwise.  Du Maurier's Rebecca is a classic -- it's not some kind of political tract tied to a decade the way this very poor sequel is.  This book abounds with New Agism, rabid feminism, and politically correct homosexuality.  It's very much a book of 2001, not 1951.  Like other readers, I may just re-read the original just to get the nasty taste of Rebecca's Tale away from me.
These &#34;stories&#34; are chapters taken from larger books. Ideally, reading an out-of-context chapter would be its own reward -- and that the experience would propel the reader to the original book. But we, hoping for the full, rich experience of a well-wrought short story, were disappointed.
I usually try not to spread bad vibes -- what's the point, really? -- but so much great stuff was written about this one  on its jacket that I have to vent my disappointment somewhere.When characters are rendered vibrantly, you can &quot;hear&quot; who's talking without the author having to say it. Here, even with Harris telling you, the voices  -- save Lecter -- are indistinguishable on any but the most superficial (and artificial) level.Every character is a caricature of type. It's expected to have its monsters of course, but a disfigured &quot;Christian&quot; who makes underpriveleged children cry and then swabs their tears to add to his martinis? Puh-leeez...No worse, but certainly no better, than a lot of others.
The premise for this novel moved me to eagerly await its arrival in the mail.  I really wanted it to be good, and kept plodding through the choppy writing, flat characters, and pointless relationship angst.  The ending did provide a measure of satisfaction, but I can't say it made up for the tedious hours leading up to it.  I'm being generous with two stars.
Like many others, I was enticed by the promise of good writing compared to the Da Vinci Code. Like many others I was disappointed. As ham-fisted and obvious as Mr Brown's books are, at least they fulfill the fundamental requirement of the genre. They are page turners. They have a plot that screams along.Alas, The Rule Of Four is bogged down by its attempt to be deep and meaningful. The plot seems incidental. The characters are unpleasant, shallow and too exposed. Nowhere is the mystery made to seem important. Who cares about page upon page of Princeton lore and embarassingly written romance? Not I.The Rule of Four is one of the few books that I threw in the trash rather than pass on. I found the whole experience annoying, and I would rather not inflict it on my friends.
I have enjoyed all the books that I have read by J. M. Coetzee up until now.  I read this book in just over a day, not so much because it was captivating but because I kept waiting for it to talk to me, tell me something, anything. I live in a city,  ( Boulder, Colorado) where bicycling is an addiction and there are so many great mountain roads to ride. I am even Rayments age. Not many days go by without reading in our local paper of some poor rider hit by a car, a few are killed each year, mostly highly experienced riders.  In fact, a 16 year old driver ran into me one afternoon while he was trying to beat a light so I sure was interested in Paul Rayment and where his accident would take him. Problem was, it took me nowhere. It just left many questions like where did this Costello woman come from and how did she know so much about Rayment. Was she supernatural, was she a angle sent to look after his weary soul? Or just a nagging old woman, the latter I think. And why would Rayment, such an anti social man, allow her and others to just drop by and live with him for weeks? To disrupt his sanctuary. And the blindfolded sex scene with the blind woman...what? What was the point of the book?  Unfortunately it left me unsatisfied. I will still look forward to reading my next book by Coetzee. for he is such a great writer. Others may find deep insight in 'Slow Man' but I didn't.
The Snows of Kilimanjaro has little to do with snow or Mount Kilimanjaro or Africa. The first short story serves as a pretext. An author and journalist is dying, and he regrets he didn't write more recollections of his early past. This is followed by fifteen or so tableaux of Michigan rural life (mostly). The pieces are dry and descriptive. They serve to show, not to explain, and barely follow any plots. Each is preceded by an unrelated journalistic snippet: on the 1920s evacuation of Smyrna, on bullfighting, on WWI Italy. This is self-referential, of course. The Snows of Kilimanjaro is at the border between short-story writing and journalism. This fits Hemingway's style. But whether it is interesting is another matter. I much preferred his novels, even if they too are fictionalised reporting, especially A Farwell To Arms and For Whom The Bell Tolls.
John Grisham sometimes has a magical way of sucking you into a slickly developing plot while at the same time giving you characters that you become attached to. His Earlier books, the Firm, a Time to Kill ect... could hook you in on page 3 and not let you go until the final senatnce.Unfortunatly, The summons is NOT like those books, in fact it does not even seem to have been written by the same person. I wonder if, having success with books outside the legal arena, Grisham lost interest in the genre and was merely writing this book to fulfill a contractual obligation. The characters were paper thin, the small town in Mississippi was a pale shadow of the town in a Time to Kill, the supporting characters had the potential to be interesting but never made it past characatures, and the ending was tacked on and did NOT explore easy options that even a non-lawyer would have been able to see.The basic plot, two brothers are summoned home by their honored old judge-father head back to their small Mississippi hometown. The father is sick, dying, and wants them to come back to deal with his estate. When the main character gets home he finds the father dead, a new will written leaving an estate consisting of the house and $6,000,... and $3,000,000 in cash hidding in a closet that is not mentioned in the will. The son is worried about three things, one that the money is the result of something illegal, two, that somebody else might know about it, and three, that his drug addict brother will find it.Should have been a good story but but it seemed as if Mr. Grisham was taking a , not undeserved, rest from writing during the writing of this book. I just wish that on the cover it has said "Grisham Lite" as a warning to book buying public.
This book which was written in the early 1900s is about a Policeman/Poet that infiltrates a group of anarchists who are bent on breaking down society. There is some witty dialogue and satire in this but for the most part I couldn't get into it.
I love the No-Cry Sleep Solution. I feel like it offered up new ideas that I (as a former nanny) hadn't come across before. However, this book doesn't have ANY of that. Sadly... I wanted to love this book too. Put your kid in front of the TV? Really!? Timeouts even for kids that are anxious to be alone? Doesn't make sense to me... I kept reading thinking that there was going to be an 'aha' moment of thankfulness that I spent my money on this. It never happened.Ahaparenting.com and Dr. Laura Markham's book - "Peaceful parents, Happy Kids" is such a GREAT book. I would highly recommend it over this book any day.
This publication considers Twitter strictly as a business networking tool and fails to recognize any difference between social interactions and those motivated by business interests.  I am not a business person and I found very little in the book of any value.  The anecdote that served as the basis for the first part of the book (about how the author tweeted that he was going to watch a pro football game and the description of subsequent events that led to significant business interactions for three people) didn't seem to live up to the expectations that I had for the book (based on reviews and the product description).Certainly, for a non-business person who is new to Twitter, this book has very little to offer.
I thought the angle the author took (writing from the point of view of a young autistic child) was about the only interesting thing I can say for the book.  It was very slow and the author threw in so many haphazard facts that were both confusing and somewhat pointless, that by the time I finished the book, I wondered what was the point?  I don't know, I expected it to be much better and it was just okay.
The book pays no attention to the benefits that the world and the US gets from this trade with China.  Also the Chinese perspective is totally neglected.  Not that they are completely right, but a good story teller will create a balance that will make your think for yourself. Instead the author is shoving his point of view down your throat without mercy.I did get annoyed rather fast, but than I realized that I'd be missing on a lot of relevant research if I didnt finish the book... So I did and learned a lot.A much better product is the documentary below.China's Century of HumiliationMuch more balanced, it takes you inside the Chinese mind by giving you the historical foundation of the Chinese national psyche today.Enjoy
The various reviews excerpted on the (paperback) book's cover tout this as essentially being "The Da Vinci Code" for intelligent people.Put aside the fact that such a comment is patently offensive; it's also just not true.The Rule of Four has some surface similarities with Dan Brown's novel - both books revolve around a present-day investigation of a historical mystery, with some interesting symbolism thrown in for good measure - but to suggest that it is somehow an "intellectual" novel is farcical in my opinion.There's a fascinating premise here, that the text of an old book may reveal details of a long-hidden library of classic renaissance literature and art.  Unfortunately, rather than fully explore this, the novel devolves into a series of juvenile colleagiate escapades.  Drunkeness, dysfunctional relationships, college hijinks, Ivy League pomp and circumstance - all of these are featured heavily and combine to make the book read more like "The Hardy Boys Go To Princeton."And the story is never resolved.  The story is never close to resolved.  The novel ends with no resolution to the mystery, nor any resolution to the various character conflicts.  One keeps feeling as though six or seven chapters were left out.Read it for a moderately interesting introduction to an obscure and fascinating literary work.  But don't look for much more than that.
A perfect fit into our new American liberalism. Why not change history also. Oliver Stone? Who can believe this guy? He wouldn't know accurate history if it bit him on the "left "side! Typical of the manure we get from these people who want to rewrite history to fit their agenda. I really feel sorry for the younger generation that this filth is put upon. As one review stated "Use the book to start a good fire and read real history. Like "A Patriot's History of the Modern World" - by Larry Schweikart.
If Papa were alive, this would never have been published.  It is a look at his egocentricity and cattyness.  Interesting take on Fitzgerald and G. Stein.
Good writing but not a very engaging story.  Read for book club and everyone was unimpressed.  I understand some of her other works are better.
just finished reading this book...don't get it...this is supposed to be shocking???  All this stuff has been told before.  I don't think it makes anyone look particularly bad, just human.  I don't understand why lots of people thought it made George and Paul look bad, or why they thought it was more favorable to John.  I kept reading, thinking "maybe I haven't gotten to the parts yet", but got to the end, and never saw anything new.  It was definitely not the best beatles book ever written.  I've read a lot, and most of them say the same things.  Why Paul and Linda bothered to get that excited about it, I'll never know.  I think he says something about Linda being a photographer and rock and roll groupie....so what, wasn't everyone then?  He did talk about Paul being a control freak, but also that John was not in any shape to take charge at the time.  Everyone knows all this.  Didn't learn a single thing new, but did enjoy the insight into Brian.  He made a few mistakes, but I believe he genuinely loved them, and did the best he could.  I do think it was wrong of him to involve Stigwood and think about selling his interests without telling them.  Also, having them sign to add 9 years to his royalties without telling them was not good.  I think he did feel guilty about it though, and that's part of the reason why he got so out of control near the end.  He should have just sat down with them and talked to them honestly about it all instead.  they could have worked things out.  Someone should have locked John and Paul into a room and kept them there, until they had worked out their differences.  John was correct in worrying about taxes (I guess similar to capital gains, a lot all at once), but I wish they did not let money issues ruin their friendship and everything they had meant to each other over the years.  Thought the part where Paul calls John and they start yelling about taxes, Paul hangs up and intends to call John Eastman and instead calls John back again and says, "John, it's Paul, you won't believe what that f--ing a--hole John Lennon did now" and John says, "what are you talking about?  I'm the f---ing a--hole, John Lennon!  I laughed so much!  John and Paul should have taken the opportunity to start laughing about it and how ridiculous everything had gotten, and they should have worked it out.  I know that John would have normally found that situation very funny, but was too pissed off by the taxes to appreciate the humor!  Overall, book was o.k., nothing new, but some of the stuff about Brian was interesting.
I had to read this for a multi-cultural class. It starts off by blaming capitalism for all of the worlds' ills. Nothing more than facile generalizations and leaping to conclusions without establishing any facts. I'm no right-winger either-quite the contrary, but this was just too much to stomach. If you go to his website he seems to be more of an aspiring fiction writer than a social or political thinker. He certainly has no credentials. He has all the answers to race, gender and class healing while living in the woods of Connecticut making trails and pondering the deer poop. I kid you not. This author could not be more distanced from racial tensions that plague our country, and I have no idea why anyone would try and "teach"his book. Oh wait, actually it is obvious: he has a sly way of writing that makes people feel guilty about their privilege (and everyone has it) and then makes a bunch of recommendations at the end that are absurd and give the reader a false sense of enlightenment. This book sheds light on nothing and I don't understand why it is not 1 cent here on Amazon. If you are assigned this book, I am sorry. All I can say is it will be over soon.
A registered PA highly recommended this book to me. I just finished taking my PANCE and have no idea what he was talking about. The subject matter, although good things to know, is at a level much higher than the actual PANCE exam questions (at least on the exam I took). Also, there are many errors. Perhaps earlier editions of the book were better? Long story short, I wish I had not purchased this book. It just made me panic and obsess over small details which is not the point of the PANCE. Anything in this book would have been learned by reading Current. Good luck to all taking the exam!
I found this book depressing and the characters in it so self-absorbed that it was hard to have empathy for any of them.
Boring and pointless to the point of irritation.
One of the blurbs on the cover said 'The Daughter of Time' was the best mystery ever written.  I seldom give up on a book but this is one that I discarded about a fourth of the way into.Save your money.
I'm not an avid reader of all the Chronicles - I read a couple of early ones and enjoyed them, and then later, "Blackwood Farm" and was disappointed (reviewed it here in Jan 2009). This one too is rather disappointing. Yes, it can still display that far-sweeping imagination...but as in "Blackwood Farm" there is a sense of playing to impress the masses, with the capsule summaries of European history and art. (Though I think she really does love Botticelli, and there's nothing wrong with that.)Some oddities: It is interesting to follow her concept of "love" through Marius' various relationships: it is always linked to sensual softness, with much connection to hair and skin and lips, but nothing that could be called "sexual,"  though I understand this may be something that's just not relevant to vampires - probably other books would clarify.  Yet only in one place is there any "explicit" dalliance...and then it just ends with no further progression and no-one cares.  Is this a fundamentally feminine perspective? It certainly doesn't resonate with (non-vampiric!) male experience.Then, I pass over the sheer implausibility of such an active social life as Marius' in so many cities not causing curious souls to wonder why on earth he is NEVER seen in the daytime. One just has to take this on trust - I suppose in all the books. And Marius takes up painting in a big way... always at night, of course...I suppose he could have a multitude of candles, but the colors he would pick by their light might look a bit odd to his apprentices when they saw them by daylight. There's a reason artists look for rooms with a north-facing window.Those who have followed the whole series feel that this book has too much recapitulation and too much filling-in of odd gaps rather then being a complete new story in itself. On that I'm not qualified to speak, but one thing I certainly do notice is the number of lapses in English and style. Another reviewer mentioned that she had dispensed with an editor - a bit egotistical, I think, and a bad move. Consider:"And oh, was I ever..." That is purely 20th century slang and a bit down-market. Not from a patrician Roman.On board ship, he had to "dispense with" food by throwing it secretly into the sea. She means "dispose of ".She confuses "sunk" and "sank" (unfortunately all too common these days, like the shrank/shrunk debacle)"Only reluctantly did I concede to her request..." again, wrong word, she means "accede."But such specific errors apart, there is one major, major stylistic flaw which becomes incredibly irritating as one reads on. She insists on breaking up the text into tiny paragraphs, where a natural flow would combine two or three of them and make much more pleasant reading. It's as if she is grabbing you by the lapels at every period and shouting "LISTEN HERE."Two stars for sheer achievement and imagination, but I wish it were a better book.
I didn't finish much of this book. The subject matter is very interesting, but the writing seemed like a high school term paper.
So the cather in the rye is about a teenage boy that feels lost and isolated after failing out of his school and he goes on a whirlwind of an emotional roller coaster trying to fill the void in him caused by depression and anxiety.  After reading this, I was ready to shoot a president myself, too bad George W is not still in office.  I think this book is overrated and would not recommend it to anyone.
Just about every female author of a certain age (it's ok to say that--I'm a female reader of a certain age) have felt compelled to write the "oh my goodness I've been a trapped wife all my life" tale of self-pity and woe. This has been going on since the Seventies. Some of the books, like Anne Tyler's "Ladder of Years," are better than others. "The Pull of the Moon" belongs at the very bottom of the heap.Nan is 50. She's having a mid-life crisis. So she runs away to "find herself" (ACK!), which means taking her very healthy credit cards and leaving her cushy suburban life. Along the way, as she "discovers life" on the road, she narrates her self-discoveries to her husband, Martin, in a series of increasingly cloying letters. About halfway through the book, the mere words "Dear Martin" had me in a frenzy of anticipated boredom. My sympathies were with Martin through and through.So, you are wondering, what's so terrible? Maybe it's a cliched plot, but so what? Well Nan's little "adventures" are so unbelievable as to be beyond laughable. She storms into a strange beauty parlor and demands to have her long, beautiful hair stripped of color back to its original grey. She strikes up truly bizarre (in my opinion) conversations with every weirdo she can find. She knocks on strangers' doors and gets invited in to tea (yeah, right). She meets a young man who has lost his young wife, and, although they are complete strangers, he sobs in her arms and asks to brush her hair (I won't even mention what happens in between). She takes her sleeping bag into the woods, strips naked, and then decides to lie spread-eagled in the dirt to "experience the earth." Luckily for Nan, the stalkers, rapists and other nice people of the evening weren't interested that night.Along the way, rarely, there are some pithy comments about motherhood, wifehood, and growing older. But they were buried in this ridiculous plot. By the end, I was talking back to the book. Nan, we knew ye all too well. Yuck!
Wide Sargasso Sea is a reworking and reanalysing of Jane Eyre's contrast Bertha. The style is careful with every line potentially meaningful. Antoinette, Bertha's real name, is a worthy character to mould and examine. Rochester is worth having a dig at. After all, he is an aristocratic, morally obstinate, brick in Jane Eyre so he's no different in Wide Sargasso Sea. The dig is aimed at the British Empire and the problems that slavery brought.As some other reviews state Wide Sargasso Sea is a modern classic, with modernists twists and turns and psychological analysis. It's not depressive but realistic and a valuable expression of the author's intentions.
I've read most of Douglas Kennedy's work but I was a bit disappointed in this novel.  The plot lacked cohesion and instead seemed to go off on tangents as if the author hadn't really worked out a coherent plot line and thought 'something might just work itself out' in the writing.  But don't be put off trying his other books many of which are intelligent, credible stories of women under pressure.  Try Five Days and be impressed by how keenly Kennedy understands women.
Silliest book I've ever read. Wanted to quit many times but couldn't believe there wasn't some redeeming part next. All the characters, especially Ignatius, were shallow graves of the worst human traits out there.
Garvin proves that Stanford University doesn't open all minds.  He continues with the imperialist view of the 19th century and denies the facts as presented by the available White House (Reagan) and congressional documentation that this was Terrorism at its finest.Perpetrated by the United States; created by a small group in the White House and funded by right wing Fascists, drug money and orchestrated by the 20th century's greatest terrorist and felon, Oliver North.That the contras couldn't finally get it done, is indicative of their lack of belief in what they were really doing!!!
This sounded like a good book, judging by the reviews here, but being relatively new to the Oracle world, I haven't found this book terribly useful so far.  Oracle's docs have been much more helpful and detailed. I was hoping for a book that shared the author's experience and tips and helped the reader make decisions, but this seems to be largely a command reference, covering many topics superficially.
Nearly everyone has expressed how dissapointed they were in this effort by  Thomas Harris, and I would be merely echoing their sentiments if I were to  talk about feelings of betrayal and unforgivable (and inexplicable) changes  in characters. I think there is a group consensus about the way Mr. Harris  chose to close this novel.  It seems lazy...Which brings me to what I am  really upset about. Though there is exquisite detail about Florence, animal  husbandry, art and many other varied topics, and the pace is fairly quick,  and the action exciting - his style of writing leaves a lot to be desired.  It is a serious departure from &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;. What  concerns me most is his bizarre shifts in point of view. In one instant, he  writes as an omniscient narrator.  In the next instant, Harris writes  &quot;We see...&quot; as if the reader has entered the novel as a  character. This is very distracting. Especially since this happens  sporadically, and for no reason.  It reads, in these sections (most deal  with Lecter), like a screenplay - as if he were leaving a lot of the  details up to a director. I can't help but think that this is no  accident.&quot;Hannibal&quot; reads like a first draft. Where was the  editor? Was this a lazy effort, written only to rake in the dollars from  selling the rights for a screen adaptation? Perhaps Ridley Scott will do a  better job than Harris himself. This may be the one case where they change  the ending of the book for the movie (which I have heard *is* the case) and  the movie benefits from it.One can only hope, for Sir Anthony's sake.  Jodie was smart to stay away. Kudos to her for having taste.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez just uses too many words.  His subjects are interesting - mostly about human nature presented in mystical terms.  I gave up about half way through.  I kept bringing this book everywhere, but not reading it.
If you are expecting something along the lines of Dan Brown or National Treasure, this is not it. If you have some familiarity with the Humanist era, especially Italian history, the story is intersting. The twists and turns, both of the current day story and the history, can be difficult to follow. Some of the ramblings of the primary character almost seem to have a "stream of conciousness" feeling, also making it a bit difficult to follow. Still, if you are interested in the era, and in DaVinci Code like stories, it is worthwhile to finish.
Until March 18, 1990 Jan Vermeer's impressive 17th century painting "The Concert" hung on the wall of the Dutch room of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in the Boston Fenway area.  This small but elegant museum, a Venetian palace, houses the special collections of a very wealthy woman.  It is also the setting of Jane Langton's seventh Homer Kelly mystery published in 1988.Langton has written eighteen Homer Kelly mysteries: all except THE ESCHER TWIST are illustrated with her very fine line drawings.  This is my first HK read. Through the words and drawings of the author's cozy mystery, I re-lived a 1984 visit to the Gardner.  But the murder is coincidental, the detective is ineffective, and the characters are quirky.  The young curator Titus Moon and his two pretty female assistants (one is the Mayor of Boston's niece). The seven trustees including a yellow-eyed tapestry repairer named Catherine Rule who saves the day in a wheelchair.  Tom Duck, an ex-boxer who enjoys slipping in the Gardner to see the pretty flowers in the Courtyard and the pictures.  Even the ex-detective now Harvard professor Homer Kelly appears vague in manner and costume: his six feet six inch frame in a tweed coat with perhaps a bow tie. The murder victim is a bit strange, too: she is one of the flower ladies who frequents the Museum cafe. Her bequest to the Gardner is a joke and had previously been refused by the Boston Museum of Art.I visited the Gardner in 1984 to see the magnificent John Singer Sargent portrait of Isabella Stewart Gardner (1888) which is a oil on canvas and is approximately six feet tall by three feet wide.  The portrait is shown in a tower on the dust jacket of the hardcover edition of this novel and still presides grandly at the Gardner Museum today.Fans of Homer Kelly mysteries will enjoy this installment: Bostonian writes about a Boston landmark.  But for the art there and the details of the 1990 theft of Vermeer's "The Concert," three Rembrandt's, and five Degas sketches, read Ulrich Boser's non-fictional illustrated bookThe Gardner Heist: The True Story of the World's Largest Unsolved Art Theft.  HEIST is a much more exciting read about a Boston landmark!
Gorky's was as ugly a mind as literary culture has ever yielded up. Why one would be interested in the etiology of this horror is beyond me. Why not just study colonoscopic videos and be done with it?
I purchased this book after having heard good things about it.  What I got was one of the biggest disappointments of my life as far as books go.  Kestenbaum has a right to hike however he wishes, but to pass off his personal ideas as the "one true way" is absolute bull!First, he talks about how no extra ounce hitches a ride in HIS pack.  He religiously cuts every tag and extra strap off of every piece of gear he owns.  He carefully selects his gear.  Yet, he still maintains a pack of over 12 pounds.  The vast majority of people who consider themselves ultralight maintain a base pack weight of UNDER 12 lbs, not over it!  Kestenbaum continuously skips over gear that many ultralighters love, and gives preference to his personal selections, despite the extra weight involved.  Yet remember, no extra ounce hitches a ride in HIS pack!Second, and this is the worst of the book in my opinion, is that the section on meditation (yep, there's a section on meditation) is longer than the sections on hygiene and water treatment!  Please Mr. Kestenbaum, explain to me how meditation is more important to backpacking than hygiene and meditation?Kestenbaum's work has some useful information, but not much.  In truth, the vast majority of the useful information is available on the internet for no money.  Of the ultralight authors out there, Ryel Kestenbaum shouldn't even be mentioned.  His base weight exceeds the limits of what is considered ultralight, his philosophy is pointless to ultralight backpacking, and his information is weak at best.  Money spent on this book would be best spent elsewhere.
I'll start by saying that I haven't finished reading this book. The reason for that is because it is seriously one of the most, if not THE most boring book I have ever read! It seemed promising at first, and I thought it would be an interesting look at medieval life and an arranged marriage relationship between the two main characters, Elenor and Thomas. WRONG!!!! It quickly backslid into the most slow-moving book when Elenor and Thomas began their journey on a pilgrimage. The writing style is very unnaturally choppy-one thing that really hurts this book is the fact that there is virtually no conversation between Elenor and Thomas during their journey-I realize that they may not want to be around each other much, yet still I think such close proximity would "force" them to converse beyond monosyllables! This book also has absolutely no action. "The Ramsay Scallop" just seems to drag on forever, and you never seem to feel a lot of interest in the characters or that delightful feeling of suspense that just comes naturally when you are reading a good book. Since I'm reading this book in a school novel study, I guess I'll have to finish it-but I certainly don't have much hope in this book being a "winner." So, you've been warned-the side effects of reading this book might include depression (just thinking about finishing it saddens you), drowsiness (as I said it has no action whatsoever), and violent feelings (against the book, the teacher that made you read it, etc.). My advice? Skip this bore of a book and choose one of Karen Cushman's more lively accounts of life in the Middle Ages.
What a sad, sad commentary on the shallowness and superficiality of American society that such drivel could actually rate the New York Times bestseller list. The premise of the book: conquer your resistance to change and adapt to new circumstances. Yeah, and??? True, human beings are only recently in history faced with such volatile transglobal and economic changes that demand constant readaptation, that change is, in some circumstances, a daily fact of life. Amazing revelation isn't it and so what? But many choose not to change and move with the status quo, instead seeking quieter pastures where they can create their *own* cheese. Certainly there is absolutely nothing wrong with the concept of COMFORT ZONE---another catch phrase of popular American psychobabble---if you are producing and growing in *your* zone whatever that might be, and not in someone else's version of what it might be. A true warrior might thus not be one who adapts to the Orwellian rigidity of so many cogs in the machine obeying the commands of their leader, but one who decides to say: &quot;take this job, shove it, and I'm starting my own business (or cheese factory, however you care to symbolize it).&quot; Such, however, are not the strong admonitions of Who Moved My Cheese---a book obviously shilling for corporate America and for the many robotic beings who inhabit it. Yet, the formula works and so for you would-be writers out there, here's a lesson that may land you a million dollar bookdeal: write the most insipid simplistic one-idea fits all bologna, package it in a showy, sexy, catch phrase laden book, and wait for enough folks to 'catch on' and begin using your wise phrases enmasse and oila! You're sittin' on success row. Good luck.
I actually read this book while I myself was waiting - in a hotel in  Guatemala to meet the son I was to adopt! Like most of the other reviewers,  this book was a disappointment to me. Interestingly enough, it is the first  book I've ever read which was written in English, but the style makes you  think it was translated from Chinese. The best part of the book is that it  offers a rare view of day-to-day life in China during a terrible period. In  addition, the descriptions are quite beautiful; rendered in a rich, yet  delicate manner. And I was thrilled that the author made the wife out to be  a decent human being, and not some shrew. However, the plot just doesn't  deliver. Even though the idea of it is quite staggering -here is this man  waiting for almost 20 years to marry this woman - there is really very  little dramatic content. Events just happen quietly, unfolding as if you  were watching clouds move in the sky. Why it won the National Book Award is  beyond me.
Dorothy Parker, What Fresh Hell Is This?, Marion Meade; Villard Books [Random House] (Hardcover, 1987)What a ghastly waste of resources, time, & money (I made it to page 309).The details will bore you; forego reading Fresh Hell, a book that - in its present form - only the members of a wobbly literary cult could admire (& even finish reading).We would be lucky to see a re-edited, abridged version - for even in its present condition, the benefits of the author's dedication & research are obvious (especially appreciated was the simple truth about Robert Benchley's frenzied private life - suspiciously romanticized by his son Nathaniel in a 50s biography - & the author's remorseless disdain of Parker's inexhaustible self-pity & uncontrollably venomous tongue).From an earlier review: "Was I the only one that noticed how poorly edited this book was?"No.  She is not alone.Parker's life was often quite interesting, when it wasn't torpedoed with self-inflicted trouble (the fate of U-boat 869 comes to mind).But to elect to publish this tediously overwritten (414 pages) & badly edited biography about someone whose two husbands committed suicide; whose greatest non-marital romantic disappointment was a 24-carat cad who ultimately blew his brains out at the Martha's Vineyard airport; & who herself vehemently alienated almost every friend & squandered whatever advantages she had ever acquired...Services for the innumerable highlighters wasted on Fresh Hell will be held at Frank (not Alan) Campbell's.Take a chance with, instead, the letters of S.J. Perelman - Don't Tread On Me - a chance "next" selection which turned out to be an instantly appreciated relief from the bile of the usual suspects in Fresh Hell.DT's lively, vibrant writing released the reader from the depressing psychic residue of a narrative of a writer's life wasted & a biographer's talents forsaken by her apparently indifferent publisher.Just be forewarned, that DT also has its own "Benchley" concealments that subsequent candid writers & sources have generously brought to light.
Charles Dickens was noted for his beautiful descriptions of life in England and in his Christmas Carol he really hit his stride.  He made you see, smell, touch and hear 1843 London.  Sadly this edition has slashed (often badly) whole sections out of the story.  It might be suitable for younger readers as an introduction to Dickens, but adults or those who love the story will be disappointed with the cuts.  The illustrations are nice but they do not make up for the missing parts.
Normally I try to read a book I end up not liking at least half way through before I give up. I stopped reading about 25 pages into the novel.  I just could not grasp the concept of this man's time travel. The author jumped around too much without much point to the story.  I still do not understand why this man was time traveling and why his wife put up with it. She would even tell him about how she met him when she was six sand he was an adult.Then she would meet him after that at different ages.  He would always end up being naked when he arrived after time traveling. If I saw a nude man when I was a young girl or an adult I would run and fast.The characters were flat and never developed enough for me to get interested in them or care what happened to them.  It just was not beleivable.
I like reading.  I am a literature snob.  I put down poorly written novels (even though I can't write well myself!).  But, I think I've met my match in this novel.  I recognize the style is something unique, but I just couldn't grasp the rhythm.  I'm afraid I'm going to have to side with those who gave this book thumbs down.  I really want to be in the group that appreciates this Plitzer Prize novel, but I don't make the cut.HOwever, I'd love to read more from reviewers on what they saw in this book because I just couldn't find much other than the rambling thoughts of a very whiny and boring 40-something man whom I would't enjoy spending a 3-day-weekend with at all.I've persistantly struggled through 180 pages, but now will surrender!
I thought this book was prurient. I really did! I actually did enjoy the prose (but not the content). I really did! I also read &#34;a perfect day for banana fish&#34;. I really did! It wasn't that good either.  I really mean it!
An annuity is generally an investment fund that pays a guaranteed yield over a period of time. Annuities resemble both investment portfolios and insurance policies (when an annuity is a lifetime annuity). Like an investment portfolio, someone structuring an annuity is concerned with designing a portfolio that will produce the maximum investment yield for the least risk.Modern portfolio theory focuses on applying quantitative techniques (mathematically based computer models) to the construction of portfolios (see for exampleQuantitative Equity Portfolio Management: An Active Approach to Portfolio Construction and ManagementandQuantitative Equity Portfolio Management: Modern Techniques and Applications). When someone uses the term "Modern Portfolio Theory" they frequently mean, in part, Mean Variance Optimization, which was originally pioneered by Harry Markowitz, who won the Nobel Prize for this work. Mean variance optimization provides a tool for creating an optimal portfolio, for a particular level of risk.As Michael Lovelady points out at the start of Profiting with Synthetic Annuities, Modern Portfolio Theory has its problems when it comes to its application in the real world. The theory does poorly when it comes to estimating the future return of a portfolio. Also modern portfolio theory generally concentrates on stocks (either long or short stock positions). I have been curious about portfolios constructed from both stocks and exchange traded stock options. I was excited when I saw the book Profiting with Synthetic Annuities in the Vine program because I thought that it would explore this issue.Unfortunately my hopes were disappointed. Rather than a discussion of how to empirically estimate returns from a combination of stocks and options (which have very different payoff characteristics), Profiting with Synthetic Annuities is actually about hedging stock positions, largely by hand. When I write "by hand", what I mean is that, the hedge relies largely on human judgement, not empirical techniques like computer models. To me, this makes the title of the book misleading.The stock position hedging described in Profiting with Synthetic Annuities is ad hoc, based on judgement and experience. The hedge must be watched and adjusted over time by a person which means that this approach does not scale to tens or hundreds of stocks. The approach is not quantitative, in the sense that is meant by modern quantitative portfolio management.I only know basic options theory from an Investment Science class, so I found the books discussion of option "greeks" difficult to follow. As a number of reviewers have noted, this is not an easy book to read without an options background. Given the basic level at which options are discussed, I think that Mr. Lovelady could have done a better job explaining options and the strategy he recommends, rather than simply assuming that the reader is an experienced options trader.  He does not, for example, include the options payoff diagrams that are common in books likeOptions, Futures, and Other Derivativesby Hull.The stock hedging that Michael Lovelady describes sells several call contracts and buys a put contract, partially with the proceeds of the sales of the calls. Reading the book I got the impression that the call contracts expire without being exercised. Mr. Lovelady also mentions that more volatile calls are nice because you can sell them for a higher premium. As I understand options pricing, the reason that these premiums are higher is that there is a greater chance that the option may be exercised, incurring a loss to the seller of the option. I kept looking for a discussion of option risk and didn't find it. Nor is there any quantitative description for how options change the return and risk profile of a portfolio.I am not sure who the target audience of this book is. The book reads like an account by a stock trader describing how they hedge a small portfolio of stocks with exchange traded options. However, when it comes to stock position hedging there are probably better references. Readers with a quantitative background will be dissatisfied by the absence of any quantitative detail. Those without a modern finance background will probably find the book difficult to follow, since background information is, at best, briefly explained.Most individual investors do not understand how finance and investing have changed in the last two decades. Many of the books that cover the mathematics of finance are unnecessary obscure and overly oriented to an unreal academic world. This does not mean that the mathematics can be consigned to the dustbin of the efficient market hypothesis. Quantitative techniques are a powerful tool. The author seems view the lack of any equations as a virtue. In fact, the lack of quantitative detail means that this book has little depth.
who found this book a bit boring? It took me the first 100 pages to finally get into it, then my interest piqued for about 30 more pages, and finally I was bored again. It is a cozy-ish little somewhat mystery book, but I'm not sure I would read the other Dimity books.
Anyone who seriously believes Atwood's scenario represents a realistic glimpse into any conceivable future is in need of "professional help," as Ann Landers used to say.  Modern Christian women are empowered as individuals in their own right, and Atwood's paranoid delusions are utterly divorced from reality.  The "right-wing" Bush administration has as many or more women in positions of power than any administration in history.  Even in the goofy world of Christian televangelism, women are movers-and-shakers in their own right, making decisions, earning money, and shaping their own futures.Note that Atwood's "glimpse into the near future" was written 20 years ago, and nothing even remotely resembling her predictions has come to pass.  It is amazing that the creator of such imbecilic, bigoted drivel is still considered a "highly respected" author.
How to simplify your finances, is how this book is billed, yet the appendix lists 18 books to consult for further information/insights/ideas/strategies.  Moreover, this book's 173 pages (160 if blank pages aren't counted, or about 100 if the print wasn't so huge) seems confused whose its audience is.  A third or so of the book recommends how one ought to go about finding a certified financial planner (CFP) to help well-off folks with their investments, or to choose the right mortgage.  But an even larger portion of the book addresses people who are probably totally clueless and without much if any net worth.  You be the judge whether these "tips" will be of use to you. Everyone, Ms Weston states, needs to save more money and, if possible, spend less on housing costs.  No more than a third of your income should be spend on housing, she posits.  What to do if you're spending more?  Try getting a boarder! Or a roommate! That's what the author suggests, or perhaps one ought to consider refinancing, she adds, or even move.  Other ways to save money, according to the author, include the following:  run your washing machine only when full; discontinue high-speed internet access or even cable TV;  brown bag it for lunch now and then, or even plant a vegetable garden!; pay off your credit cards with the highest interest rates first.  Interestingly too, concerning the latter "tip," the author notes that only 1 out of 14 folks, on average, carry a credit card balance over $10,000.  But then, oddly, she spends the next ten pages on people who might be in this situation.  Shop for lower interest rates,  ask your card companies for better rates, make a budget and try to stick to it, and finally, she suggests that folks should just stop using their high-interest cards.  Put them on the shelf, she says.  I expected a lot more from this book than that.  Frankly, you'd be better off just buying one of the books she recommends in her appendix than reading this catalog of the obvious (buy index funds instead of individual stocks, do research before visiting a car dealer looking for a new car, do your banking online and link your various accounts, and so on).The books she recommends (that I daresay you would be better off consulting than this book):Your Money or Your Life: Transforming Your Relationship with Money and Achieving Financial Independenceby Joe Dominguez & Vicki Robin;Personal Finance For Dummies, 5th editionby Eric Tyson; "Smart Couples finish Rich" by David Bach; "Plan your Estate" by Clifford and Jordan; "100 Questions Every First-time Home Buyer should ask" by Ilyce  Glink, "Saving for Retirement" by Gail MarksJarvis, and "The Little book of Common  Sense Investing" by John Bogle.Or I'd add, just consultThe Wall Street Journal. Complete Personal Finance Guidebook (The Wall Street Journal Guidebooks).Good Luck!
The story started well enough, character development is very good, but it just ran out of &#34;steam.&#34;  It's like Ms. Binchy &#34;painted herself into a corner. &#34;
The historical elements to the novel give it all its interest. The story moves along all right, but the main character doesn't seem to have much character in a way. She is a bland sort of girl, who is somewhat priggish, and not in control of events. The author tries hard, but the novel is bland. The innocent does in fact at one point agree to the treason (so it is not entirely against her will, she feels she must try for Queen for the sake of her faith) and while death seems an apalling result for her living her convictions and doing the best she can you feel she is more a victim of her parents and husband than of her cousin.
This book is good and has a solid case study. But it is not taylored  towards an intermediate to advanced programmer/OO designer. It is great for  a beginner but thats about it. Doesn't go about any implementation (what I  mean is - creating the design using a tool such as Rational Rose or  TogetherJ) which is what a lot of beginners are looking for.
Dear readers of this review,Just so you realize how cheated out I feel, I have not finished this book yet. I am hanging on by sheer determination (or stubbornness) to see if it gets any better, any more credible.Reasons why I believe this book should not have been written:-The Silence of the Lambs grabs you by the scruff of the neck and doesn't let go until you're finished. Hannibal Lecter is the genius, the mastermind, and to me- the central character in that novel.  -The confrontations between Clarice and Hannibal are devoured readily and eagerly and you want more.  -When Lecter orchestrates spectacularly his escape from the jail, I cheered him on. As he says in his letter to Clarice...&quot;the world is more interesting with you in it.&quot; I thought so too. Not much was known about Lecter's past, his background. Virtually nothing, actually. When he ran away at the end of &quot;Silence&quot; I felt oddly satisfied. It was the appropriate conclusion for the book.Where Harris really goofed up for me, was in writing this book. An unnecessary sequel that devalues Hannibal Lecter. He's no longer the caged creature. The mind games are pretty much over.Silence of the Lambs was a &quot;mess with your mind&quot; novel. Hannibal is a &quot;mess with your stomach&quot; novel, going for excessive gore and shock value to get its point across. In doing that, in my mind it makes a mockery of the character of Hannibal Lecter.He has never looked so &quot;bad guy from the bad B movies&quot; like before! You can almost expect to hear him cackling shrilly after committing an evil deed. Like the character of Brad Pitt said to that of Kevin Spacey in &quot;Seven&quot;, and I quote:&quot;You're a movie of the week! A T-shirt, at best!&quot;I believe Lecter is heading for the same unwelcome status headed by the likes of Michael Myers, Jason Vorhees and Freddy Krueger. These guys used to scare us in the past, as did Lecter. Now they're just comical.
I don't know which came first, the screenplay or the novel, but the movie follows the book almost word-for-word, or visa versa.  For an Indiana Jones fan, anticipating the movie several years ago, this would have been a good read.The novel adds almost nothing to the (weak) story.  No extra character development.  No additional mythological background--because the story is entirely contrived with not the slightest historical basis. If you've seen the movie, there is no point in reading the book.Both the novel and the movie contain the same unnecessary nonsense-science.  Gunpowder is not magnetic.  Lead bullets are not magnetic.  Gold coins are not magnetic.  Household refrigerators are not lead-lined, and even if they were, would not stop the radiation at ground-zero of a nuclear blast.  Indeed, the refrigerator would have been vaporized.  No-one could survive being blasted several miles in a refrigerator by a nuclear blast.  The nonsense almost deteriorates to comic-book level.  The novel and the movie could be accurately described as anti-educational.Earlier Indiana Jones movies were occassionally over-the-top, but had some basis in reality.  The Nazis really were "New Age hippies with guns", and really launched archeological expeditions looking for the Grail, etc.  "The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" is almost a spoof of Indiana Jones movies.  Even so, it is fun for the pure, unrelenting, action. It is entirely the fabulous cinemaphotography which makes the movie. RECOMMENDATION:  See the movie.RECOMMENDATION: See the movie.  You may as well buy a copy.  It is so emminently forgetable, that you can view it perhaps once a year for the rest of your life, and never be bored.  Rembering the plot can spoil re-viewing many movies.  Fortunately, the Crystal Skull doesn't have a plot to remember.
This book has been condensed down to 11 pages on slate.com. Your better off checking that out then reading this self serving tome.History is going to have a ball with this one.Don't expect any straight talk about any important issues hanging over the Clinton presidency, (White water, Vince Foster, his abuse of power)If you have to read wait for a used copy you be glad you did.
I normally do not write reviews on tech books but found this one so obnoxious that am forced to do so. This book was prescribed by my prof in school and I really regret that he did.First of all, the material is organized poorly (cannot believe that applets are introduced in the 2nd chapter) and there is no clarity and sense of purpose in the way the chapters are laid out. To explain small concepts, the authors throw out humungous examples in which the real gist is hidden in 2 lines somewhere in the middle. The book is very dense and intimidating (I seriously doubt if any beginner would ever finish it). Not to mention, it is priced highly and weighs a ton.If you are a beginner/student and are serious about learning Java, do yourself a favor and get the 'Head First Java' book by Kathy Sierra/Bert Bates. You don't have to take my word for it, check out the reviews yourself. I've known people who never programmed in Java but could clear the sun certification after reading it. With lucid, small examples, it is hands down the best beginner book for Java.Am an experienced programmer (have worked on C/C++, COBOL, Perl, RPG and of course Java) and strongly dissaude you from using this tome and wasting your time. The authors obviously followed the same forumula as they did for other language books of the Dietel series (i.e., just detail the language features). Java is different; most people understand the 'what' of object-oriented concepts but the key is understanding the 'why' part.I respect the views of other members who support this book but as they themselves wrote, it may take months to read it end-to-end. My point is it can be done in a fraction of that time using the Head First book and you would emerge with stronger fundamentals while having fun along the way.
I'm a big fan of the Laurie R. King 'Mary Russell' books - and was hoping for something to keep me occupied between publications. Ordered several books in the 'cozy' genre... including this one.  It was just ok for me. Sort of like eating junk food... fine at the time, but you feel guilty afterwards for having indulged. Personally, I won't be reading any more in the series.If you're into fluff/romance type cozies - you'll probably enjoy this series.  However, if you're looking for a somewhat brainier experience, stick to Mary Russell.  The series I found that falls in the middle of this book and the Mary Russell books is the Amelia Peabody series... a little brains, a touch of mystery, and some romance... fluff, but with a tongue and cheek approach that makes it a little easier to swallow.
I bought this book for reference purposes for things I may have forgotten, that I learned long ago.Anyone that buys this book to learn electronics will not learn very much and will in all likelihood end up not understanding electronics.Terrible writer.
I had to buy (and supposedly read) this book for a class.  Only instructors and managers could ask someone to read this book with a straight face.  The writing's not bad -- there's a lightness not always common in programmers -- it lists all the agile principles, patterns, and practices out and attempts to illustrate them.  A very expensive book though for something(s) that could easily have been put on a slideshow or that are much better covered in other books (particularly the design patterns).I guess I learned something from the book though, what I read of it, but not enough to justify having to buy the damn thing.
Did not care for the writing style which really failed to adequately explain the revolution. Replete with examples but did not leave me with a sense of understanding of the subject.
The author is very clearly a novice at writing.  The first ten pages of his book are annoyingly vocabulary intensive.  Rather than spending a little time familiarizing you with the terminology, the author immediately begins using every possible word in his vocabulary forcing you to have to glance at your notes.  He's probably a great math geek, but couldn't teach if his life depended on it.  He even attempts to trick and confuse the reader - intentionally! Don't bother with this book.
After reading through this tiny tome twice, I have decided that; what there is, is good. However, for the price I would have expected at least 5 times as much text. There just isn't much here. Sadly.
This must be the first time I've given a book a rating of one star, but this one REALLY deserves it. I am sickened by the thought that people might read it and think this actually has anything to do with Taoism.After reading this book, one concludes that Taoism means being intolerant, looking down on other people and other ways of living, and judging people. Which, of course, is about as far from Taoism as one can get. Benjamin Hoff writes about what happens when you try to fit round pegs in square holes, yet this is exactly what HE does. He doesn't accept Eeyore, Piglet, Rabbit, Tigger and Owl as they are, instead he describes Owl as `the dried-up Western descendant of the Confucianist Dedicated Scholar' (not the only place in the book where he bashes Confucius and his followers) and `one who studies Knowledge for the sake of Knowledge, and who keeps what he learns to himself or to his own small group, writing pompous and pretentious papers that no one else can understand, rather than working for the Enlightenment of others'. Sounds like accepting everyone as they are, doesn't it?I wanted to give this book two stars - for being another reason to re-read `Winnie-the-Pooh' and for the few popular quotations of Eastern thinkers. However, the author's attempts to write in the simple, yet brilliant style of Milne and failing miserably really is the last straw.Therefore, instead of reading about `Nearsighted Science' etc., just go and re-read `Winnie-the-Pooh'. You'll understand Taoism a hundred times better by doing that (or doing nothing special at all) than by reading `The Tao Of Pooh'.
Now that all of the Dead Sea Scrolls have been published, this book is pretty much pointless. And Eisenman's theories are a stretch, to say the least.
This book is the worst waste of time. The scripts in here are lousy examples if how to program correctly and even though they are totally simplistic bush-league drivel most of them don't even work properly. Some of the scripts are no more than 10 lines of code and at that they don't even work properly.No of the examples are plug-n-play... there is always a little something which doesn't work properly. My biggest complaint is that these are not &quot;true&quot; applications. Most of them don't have insert-update-delete backends to them... it's all just front-end show.This book is worse than useless... it's dangerous to learn proper programming.
The first 3 books were really good.  This one is just too long and boring.  I read it and I can't remember a single thing that would stand out.  It's all blah blah blah, life is hard in NC, some stuff happens nobody cares.I think Diana's run out of ideas for Claire's adventures.
This is not a commentary on the holocaust or politics. I realize that giving a book like this a poor review may offend many people but I am merely evaluating it as a book.There are have been numerous accounts of the holocaust and exceptionally detailed footage of the Nazis' atrocities (many footage was filmed by the Nazis themselves) over the past 60 years or so. I decided to give "Night" a try given its popularity. Unfortunately, it was mostly a disappointing read. The writing is dry and merely chronicles the events that the author experienced in 1944-45 during the Nazi occupation of Eastern Europe. It is a short book that covers an important year in Nazi concentration camps.  The events, of course, are gruesome but the author's writing has no soul. The book reads almost like a series of events like dot points in a presentation. He recounts the events in a robotic manner.In order to evoke human emotions , the author needed to develop his humanity and those around him first. There are some parts where he is more reflective and analytical which I enjoyed more. For example, he examines hi s desire to abandon his father and is instantly ashamed by the thought. He also briefly touches on his discomfort when years later tourists dropped coins in the water so that poor natives could dive for it. Similarly, people would throw pieces of bread towards the prisoners and watch them fight for the crumbs. He touches on the times when self preservation and survival trump morality even in the most ethical people. These were the more interesting and reflective parts of the book which I wished he had discussed more deeply.
Concision, eloquence, humor - if these are not near the top of your list of reading requirements, this review is not for you.  If they are, this book is not for you.  A 550 page book that would be better 250 pages shorter.  I was unable to read it all, as I found it wordy, overblown and grisly.  I read the last 25 pages and wished I hadn't.
While the premise of skipping Christmas is a reasonable one; I found his treatment of the characters to be unkind and not believable.  All of the neighbors treated this man as if he were a kill-joy for not celebrating Christmas as per usual.  The twist at the end while funny really put me over the edge.
The book is a collection of haphazrd details none of them of any significance. The style of the narrative: to start with an everyday event and roll it into something significant, is borrowed, and used very poorly in every chapter. It appears that Mr. Hibbert read "official" english records and letters  of the non-historic survivors and believed them to be the truth. There are no other facts or ancedotes except that of the English. English savagery is described as a matter of law and order and is lauded, natives are deemed barbaric, fiendish and ungrateful in their acts of savagery. There is no detail of the Mutineers other than that they mutinied under the influence of bhang (marijuana) and opium. It's unimaginable that Mr. Hibbert is considered a historian, who's only contribution is to be the first to use the word "badmash" on almost every page in an english book.I would have given this book a zero, but Amazon doens't allow that!
I mean, I guess if you've never read Salinger or Bukowski, you'll think this book is okay. Frankly, his writing style is unimaginative and dated, and his plot seems to move aimlessly, but not in a very charming or interesting way. Main character gets drunk and stumbles around a lot and fails at playing tennis, and then he tries to direct a movie and then moves around from various US cities to Britain and back. He has a few friends and offends a lot of people. And a lot of people tell him to stop being such a jerk. And he has some pseudo-philosophies about money, but not really, because he just talks about that money exists and that he has a lot of money and that money runs the world.The book is supposed to be a kind of discourse on how money ruins people, but I'm not exactly sure how this story brings new ideas to the table. Money corrupts. I'm not sure how this is a new message.If you want an interesting book on money, read A. M. Homes's _This Book Will Save Your Life_. If you want an interesting book on consumerism, read DeLillo's _White Noise_. If you want a book on money that won't teach you anything new and will re-hash other authors' techniques, go ahead and pick this up.
This book is a self tribute to an eCONomist and basically says the Fed screwed up and didn't take the punchbowl away, but no matter, just bailout the boyz and all will be eventually fine.  Doesn't this dummy know that all the banksta risk is transferred to Joe Sixpack in his 401k or IRA and he will be left holding the bag in the next 18-24 months.  Don't waste your time here!
Credit Barry Libert and Rick Faulk for choosing a title and cover that captures the c&eacute;l&eacute;brit&eacute; du moment without resorting to a hackneyed label like "Obama on Leadership."The authors of the numerous "[Insert Historical Figure] on Leadership" books would have you believe that each book is unique, distilling effective leadership tools you cannot find anywhere else. Libert and Faulk bottled up more of the same water and labled it "Barack, Inc." Here's the gist of their sales pitch:Be Cool - calm rationality, steadiness under pressure, and ability to stay on message and control strong emotions.Be Social - Culivate netroots (the *new* grassroots), nurture your lists and create a seamless community.Be the Change - Share your vision of the future, see yourself clearly and never forget the power of the personal touch.I don't want to dismiss the advice outright. Are there useful tips about social media? Sure. But nothing here hasn't already been covered before in greater detail. What's new in this book is the Obama packaging, a glossy giftwrap that will appeal to readers inspired by his recent political campaign; the crossover appeal is limited by party affiliation.Apparently, writing business books under 200 pages is the new rage in the publishing industry. Libert and Faulk follow the same formula. There's seven and a half pages of sources cited after the epilogue, or roughly one page of sources for every 20 pages of material. Using generous margins, supersized pull quotes and a micro-detailed index, they nearly extend the book to 180 pages.In summary, this book reminds me of a marketing lesson (that undoubtedly will be repackaged as a leadership cookbook someday): if you're going to serve a turkey don't hold back on the dressing.
ok here is the deal plain and simple.  all the questions we had for 12 books go largely unanswered.  there is no real end or clue about what happens to the Orphans. the plot of this book is BORING, they are on an island with people who are neither all good nor all evil but otherwise lack any development or anything that would make them in anyway interesting.  there is little character development of the Orphans; all we get is a lame rehash of what they have already done.the best way to describe book the 13th is : what happens to a really good cup of soda when you leave it out for two weeks? it goes flat and looses everything that made it so great.i say read books 1-12 and enjoy their goodness.  read this book before you decide if you want to own it.  i know i wish i had done so.  the only reason i gave two stars is that i could not bare to give A Series of Unfortunate Events book one star. not because it merits two stars.
The previous reviews have been very favorable but I am going to go against the grain and say that for me (and of course your mileage may vary), this book made some good points but overall it was a bunch of bits of information all loosely tacked together that seemed to ramble all over the place held together only by the chapter titles. I came away from this scratching my head wondering exactly what strategy is he recommending?Let me explain what I mean by this. The author discusses the pros and cons of various investment vehicles. It seemed to me that for all of them there were so many qualifications and this and thats, that it seemed every single pathway contained so many potential problems that it could potentially leave the reader frozen in his or her tracks.I do understand that there is no perfect investment or method of investing; every one has its warnings about what could go wrong. To me, the author listed so many things that could go wrong about everything that I wondered how could he really recommend anything. It was like, you should do this, BUT beware of that..  This is not to say that there is no useful information in the book, because there is. The author points out the pros and cons of everything. It's just that I felt the reader was then left up to figure out how much weight to put on the various investments and their pros and cons, and then swim out and give it a try but with the understanding that he or she might swim but then he or she might sink, too. The author's writing style also skipped rapidly from one thing to another (such as when discussing the various types/categories of ETF's) with the assumption that the reader must be familiar with everything he was writing about already. I had a lot of trouble discerning what he was really trying to get across in his book.
I try to avoid the best seller list as much as possible because I am interested in understanding the modern world, and I realize that popular books have a different appeal. When I was studying literature in college, one of our lessons was on the difference between "escape" literature and "interpretive" literature. The best seller list is made up primarily of escape literature with its likable characters, happy endings,  clear distinctions between good and evil, etc.  Occasionally a  celebrity author who has serious intent like Jonathan Franzen will make the list. But usually the sentimental predominates--that's what makes it popular.Part I of this book was quite good; I was pleasantly surprised.  The magic realism of it all, the simultaneous tragedy and miracles , the zany characters, the dissonance of the unreality of the happenings but the concreteness of the medical detail made me think of Salman Rushdie.  The writing was dramatic and tight; my tears flowed down the page. Part II was much less dramatic but tolerable.  Part III was a non-dramatic slog.  How can revolution be boring? It seems that real revolution would have much more effect on your psyche. The twins are such flat, undeveloped  characters. What action there was seemed contrived and unbelievable, a failure of imagination. The author seemed in a hurry just to get the job done, kind of like a kid's story, "and then. ...and then...and then."Part IV was more dramatic than the previous section, but so contrived and unbelievable.  The surgeries just seemed to echo the first chapter, mirroring them in effect.  Mirroring was an interesting theme but lacked sufficient development. And then the denouement played out like the conventions of the 19th century novel: the long lost person shows up, people find their true parentage, miracles happen, a talisman or some other object plays a key role, coincidences occur, a character saves himself for his one true love, people fulfill their destiny, revenge asserts itself, identity is mistaken, characters behave nobly, secrets are revealed, all is forgiven.  Well, not just one of these occurs.  To me a modern novel that lacks irony is not truly modern as irony is basically the modern mindset.  How can you read Beckett, Camus, McEwan, Waugh or listen to Jon Stewart even  and take something like Cutting for Stone seriously?  The author is obviously a very intelligent and compassionate person, but he makes the mistakes of a beginning writer: he tells rather than shows, and includes everything he thought about putting it. The book should be one half its present length.  Length should not be confused with substance.
A short parable about adapting to the inevitable need for change.  The two mice in the story instinctively go off and look for new cheese when the old cheese is no longer supplied.  Of the 2 humans, one eventually moves on and the other stays put.  This takes up the middle 3rd of the book.The other 2/3rds deal with either with people at a class reunion or the author himself saying how wonderful and moving the parable is.  Groan - this is just the author marketing the book to the reader trying to convince them to buy copies for their friends or use it in corporate training.Spencer co-authored "The One Minute Manager".  Need I say more?  Make an executive decision and give this one a pass.
I struggled onward and at last entered chapter 6 before I gave up and glanced through the remainder of the book to at least learn the basic structure of this stark, cold, bleak and pointless novel that was loosely  based on the true story of a final attempt in 1848 by Ludwig Leichhardt to explore the interior of Australia. I believe it is instructive to note the following remarks selected from the twelve reviewer's who gave Voss 5 stars.Some may hold that Patrick White's style is tedious and hard to absorb.(Voss)  remains always just beyond the reader's grasp as a character.But his style in Voss is not always easy; he's always invading his characters' minds and trying too hard to explain every nuance of their thinking. This slows it down.The discouraging feature of White's writing is that the characters seem stiff or cardboard, a bit lifeless ---- It is not a quick read nor is it compelling stuff to digest.White doesn't admire his characters or, by implication, us his readers ---- I've never encountered a writer who treated his invented beings so harshly.If, after noting these comments from those who admired the work (to say nothing of the remarks by those who gave it fewer stars (e.g., Too hard and I put it down - I couldn't finish Voss)) you nonetheless begin a reading of Voss, then don't complain you weren't forewarned. Go ye forth just as did Voss and may your journey be more fortunate than his!
I was so disappointed by this book, maybe because my expectations were too high, but it certainly is no comparison to Silence of the Lambs. This book was way over the top it was borderline disgusting. While I was reading the first few pages in this book, I was thinking to myself what kind of person could have wrote such a book. I found myself disliking every character in this book, and had great difficulties finishing the gruesome story. If you liked the first 2 books by Thomas Harris skip Hannibal, you will be disappointed.
This book is out of date, and I found the authors' habit of using aliases for companys and people and jobs (Aggro Software for Microsoft, Pfeiffer for Bill Gates, etc.) annoying and pointless. There's also a coy, sly tone to the whole thing and the stories don't feel universally applicable. Go read GIG: AMERICANS TALK ABOUT THEIR JOBS AT THE TURN OF THE MILLENNIUM instead.
I was excited to finally see a new book from Michael Crichton hit the shelves last Thanksgiving.  I just got to it now, and unfortunatly, it wasn't what I was expecting.  Yes there is the usual info, and the  suspense, but something is missing from Timeline.  It seems to follow the  same formula of all action/suspense/thriller novels in which the good guys  avoid every possible danger that would lead to their death, and the  villians trip the wrong way and meet their demise.  From Chris escaping  death of &quot;skilled&quot; knights numerous times, to Kate flying off  beams high atop a castle, it just isn't realistic.  Although I must say  that Andre Marek is one of the most interesting charcters I have met in a  Crichton novel in a long time, which is saying a lot since character  description is not his high point.  A mixed review; not good, but not bad  either.
In the US, we spend about 16% of our GDP on healthcare which is by far the greatest percentage. With that amount of money, we would expect to have the healthiest population and the most satisfied consumers of healthcare. Far from it! Our outcomes as judged by mortality and morbidity are comparable with Chile and Greece and far worse than most industrialized nations. Any book that brings these dismal statistics to the public's attention has done great service.  The first 150 pages of this book is dedicated to criticizing different aspects of the current US healthcare system. In the final 100 pages, Dr. Herzlinger offers her solutions. Criticizing our current system is like shooting fish in a barrel. I was very excited to read this book. As a proponent of free markets, Dr. Herzlinger's "Consumer-Driven Cure" appealed to me greatly. As a physician, however, I had my doubts about the feasibility of her plans, but I was hoping she would address some of my concerns.Her ideas of getting employers out of the business of buying health insurance is fantastic. Employers do not buy our cars and refrigerators, so why do we rely on them to purchase our healthcare? Her points about getting consumers more involved with healthcare decisions are also valid. Unfortunately, Dr. Herzlinger fails to communicate some of her ideas clearly. Throughout the book she uses a fictionalized character, Jack Morgan, to illustrate her points. Jack, who is an amalgam of many patients, apparently died while waiting to have a kidney transplant because his HMO was not responsive to his needs. His HMO's interests were not aligned with his interests. Later in the book, she makes the argument that in a consumer driven system this would not happen because Jack would have a multiyear contract with his providers and the providers would actually benefit from improving his long term healthcare and thus offer him a kidney transplant quickly (how could she predict that is what would happen?). The presumption being that if he became healthy then he would utilize the system less. I was astonished as I was reading her arguments. Very similar arguments were used to tout HMOs which the author tears apart early in her book. She fails to see the irony of her ideal system. Furthermore she argues that under hers system focused factories would evolve. This point contradicts her other arguments. Focused factories (ie: one that would specialize in non-surgical treatment of kidney disease) may not want Jack to have a kidney transplant since that would make them lose him as a customer.Perhaps the author's greatest error in writing this book is laying out in detail what the world would look like under her plan. That would be analogous to if a centrally planned economy (ie; USSR) predicted what industries would flourish or how many cars would be manufactured if they embraced capitalism. You could not predict those details. Markets are complex and we would have to wait to see how consumers would vote with their money. Some of her other arguments are disingenuous. She cherry picks statistics to strengthen her points without complete analysis. For example, regarding employees managing their own retirement accounts, she states: "During one of the worst markets for stocks since the Great Depression, from 1999 to 2005, average account balances increased by 50 percent..."  Individuals' retirement plans on average trail market indices like the S&P; 500 because of mutual fund expenses. Furthermore the period she examines was hardly a bad period as measured by market returns. She also touts Switzerland's consumer-driven healthcare system (she does say that it has its faults though) and tries to impress us by comparing its health outcomes to US's. It is easy to beat the US healthcare system so just because the Swiss beat us that does not make their system so great. Interestingly enough the Swiss system is the second most expensive system in the world. They spend 11.4% of their GDP on heathcare with roughly the same outcomes as Australia which spends 8.8% of their GDP.I greatly admire Dr. Herzlinger's attempts to improve our system which as she points out affects not only our health but also our industries' competitiveness. Some of her ideas are brilliant, but I think she needs to work on improving communicating them.
Heard the taped version of MY LIFE by President Bill Clinton . . . what I liked best about it was the fact that he was also the narrator . . . if I'm going to listen to an autobiography, I almost always prefer listening to theperson talk about his or her own life . . . this contrasts to the time I once heard Walter Cronkite's autobiography . . . that book cried-out for his distinctive narration, but for some inexplicable reason, he had somebody else do the narration.I digress, though--perhaps intentionally . . . I had been most interested in hearing Clinton's tale . . . I thought it would tell me more about the man, as well as his thinking behind his actions.It sadly did not. Instead, I heard far too many times that any troubles he had were the fault of others . . . that "they" were always after him, and that he had been treated unfairly by his enemies.He made mistakes; in fact, plenty of them . . . MY LIFE couldwell lead you to believe otherwise.Perhaps the most interesting part was the beginning, in whichhe talked about his childhood . . . however, then too he is laying the groundwork for what will follow; i.e., his stepfather's drinking caused many of the problems in his life.If you're looking for the definitive book on Clinton, don't accept this one.
Credit to the author for writing a crisp, well-organized, and easy to understand outline for the investment novice.There is a lot of good advise in this book. Yes, you should invest passively, steer clear of market timing, keep costs low, and have a financial plan.But Mr. Swedroe is a financial advisor who still adheres to the widely discredited Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT). MPT assumes that markets are efficient and investors are rational. Good luck getting Warren Buffett to agree to that.
Item is described as Original version__  Shows book cover with pictures.BUT  there are no pictures.  I want the original version--Original formatting etc as originally illustrated by the author.  I can download the text for free from Gutenberg.....
I bought this book because it won the Financial Times Book of the Year Award (not a top ten winner or something, #1 mind you). Historically, a reliable guide (e.g., the masterpiece China Shakes the World, and theoretically dubious but highly provocative Friedman's World is Flat). It has dawned on me belatedly that advance praisers probably don't read their books. All these absolutely glowing endorsements by serious people...for a book that *clearly* isn't top notch.T. Bojko's review may seem harsh, but it's spot-on. I can live with the ponderous writing style. I initially thought the big words concealed some new or profound thinking...but not at all.The problems are: 1. there's almost nothing new or inspired about the "markets of tomorrow," and 2. there is nary a sliver of new, actionable advice about investing. The whole thing is a compendium of the superficial. Seeking to cut a swath a mile wide, it is everywhere one inch deep.In regard to the first, the following are superficially summarized: global trade/capital flows (rightly footnoted to Martin Wolf, but Wolf's own columns are better on this); a cocktail of snippets on behavioral finance  - called a "cocktail" - just read Shiller straightaway; some stuff on global trade and commodities, see latest Economist; a paraphrase of Taleb's colorful insights (just read Taleb directly); a woefully weak primer-not-really on securitization; a brief primer on asset classes that repeats everything I've got in a dozen other finance books; and too much material on IMF (e.g., not a single mention of Basel). I agree the topics per se are important, but most of them here are superficially derivative of other, better works.Here are the four insights from Chapter 2: we are coming from a period of aberrations, many puzzles; too many dismissed them as noise; the inability to distinguish signal from noise is a bad thing; the adjustment caught people off guard. I'm not kidding. The blinding insight is: take care to distinguish signal from noise! Noise bad, signal good....Strangest of all, in my opinion, is that the author appears to have nothing to add to the field of risk management, which stuns me given his unique vantage point. Risk management is reduced to a few catchphrases: tail risk, moral hazard, principal-agent. Say it ain't so...Finally, T. Bojko is right about the mundane asset allocation plan: "the author just lays out a pretty mundane asset allocation plan (which is available for free on any number of websites) and then fills a couple dozen pages with worthless blather. Seriously, that's it." That's exactly right.The book boils down to: big "structural" change is coming, try to sort signal from noise, here's pointers to a bunch of good reading material, I worked at the IMF, start with this generic plan.I saved you a few bucks. More to the point, I wasted my time reading this book so you don't have to. Since that time is lost to me forever, the least you can do is vote my review "helpful."
The murder plot here is utterly preposterous and most of the characters are caricatures. The whole thing was cartoonlike, rather than a detective story.
I was reading something on Munchausen's by proxy, and this title and author were mentioned. I knew I had read a book a long time ago about a girl who claimed her mother had sickened her, but I didn't know if it was this one. After doing a search in the book for &#34;stuffed animal&#34; I found out that it was.What I remember about this book was that I never was sure that her mother was really doing anything to her, and if so, what, except taking her to the doctor a lot and that she had some painful (unnecessary?) procedures. So the book was not quite what I expected, with &#34;Mom injected me with this and then I got sick&#34; or &#34;when no one else was in the  the hospital room, Mom took her purse and my urine sample into the restroom and was in there for awhile.&#34;And something about her mother taking in old people and getting paid for it, but that she treated them badly. In the end, the mother goes shopping with her and childishly begs her to buy her (the mother) a stuffed animal.It was depressing; the author definitely did not have a &#34;normal&#34; mother, but I did not feel that the book ever really got down to the nitty gritty, so for me it was not a satisfying read.
For all dyed-in-the-wool Virginia Woolf fans, my review will be anathema.  People who review books often review the ones they love especially, but I review each one, good or bad.  I started this novel in high hopes.  I had never read the famous British author and I looked forward to a special treat.  The background to the rich and handsome Orlando seemed promising, his adventures interesting, but then weirdness grew and became overpowering.  I didn't mind that he turned into a woman, but even so, whatever the sex of the protagonist, we need a plot in the novel.  The descriptions of his doings seemed less and less relevant, his/her gender fluctuations assumed more and more importance, and I finally decided that I just didn't care.  What I really didn't like about ORLANDO is that there is a sub-text, closed to those of us of this day and age, who are not privy to the intimate doings of the Bloomsbury set, who did not sit together with V. Woolf and listen to her read her latest chapters, chuckling knowingly as they recognized the models for the various characters.  I felt excluded.  And why would I read a novel from which I was excluded ?  Well, the answer, dear reader, is that I wouldn't.  And I don't recommend that you do either.People tell me that Woolf's other novels are much better and of a different type.  So, I am not condemning the writer, only the book.  And, OK, maybe you will like it.  But don't say I didn't warn you.
This book was just plain terrible. I've seen better writing in an instruction manual. Moreover, the plot was weak.
Once upon a time, I could not recommend this book highly enough.  That's the problem--"once upon a time".  In 2004, this book violates what I consider an overriding consideration for instruction books: Never distract the new user with picky details that s/he'll will rarely need in practice.The first few chapters are written using INPUT and DATALINES; commands to enter data.  For those unfamiliar with SAS, that means the authors enter all of their data as lines of text typed inside their command language.  No one works that way any more! It's a hold over from the days of punchcards.  Does the new user really need to know thatINPUT  ID 1-3 AGE 4-5 GENDER $6;means "look in columns 1-3 for a numerical id, columns 4-5 for numerical age, and column 6 for a character designating gender"?  When the 4-th edition was written, the answer might have been yes, but even then it would have been given grudgingly.  For more than a few years, data almost always arrive as data sets that have already been made into SAS files or as spreadsheets that can be imported directly into SAS.  This method of data input would not be a fatal flaw if the material were in a later chapter or an appendix, but it's woven throughout the text starting with the first example on page 3.I would love to see this book updated with a more modern view to how data are processed and analyzed, but I can no longer recommend it in its current form.Added in edit:  Instead, get a copy of "The Little SAS Book: A Primer, Third Edition" by Lora D. Delwiche and Susan J. Slaughter.  If I ever get around to reviewing it, I'll give it 4 or 5 stars. In the meantime, there are already a bunch of reviews you can read on the book's own Amazon web page, mostly good, a few bad, for an average of 4 stars.
I read the Advance Readers copy of this book. I looked forward with anticipation to receiving it. It is a small book and starts out with encouraging people to save and some ways to be more frugal so that you have money to invest. Good enough advice if the rest of the book lived up to the title. This book was supposed to be about becoming a millionaire via investing in stocks that paid a dividend. Although there was advice on understanding the stock market such as when to buy and when to sell, not much was truly specific to investing in dividend paying stocks. As a matter of fact only one chapter in the book, (21 pages in my copy) was about investing in dividend stocks. The last chapter of the book surprisingly enough, was about day trading and which times during the day were the best to buy. Then the advice was to sell out your position by the end of the day Friday, at least this is what the author does. I have always been under the impression that holding good dividend paying stocks over the long term is what helped to make you money, not buying and selling stocks in a day trading scenario.I suppose that the author had some good things to say about dividend paying stocks but he lost his way while writing. His editor should have handed the manuscript back to him saying, "try again".
Anyone reading a review of Sister Carrie probably knows the story and the literary significance of the novel as a seminal work in the Naturalist school, so i'll skip that. Most important note is on this Kindle edition. It is riddled with typos and errors. It is very difficult to follow. I would recommend you hunt around for another edition or check another platform for your free download of this American classic of the turn of the century.
Had to put on the shelf for a while.  I had a hard time with the beginning, but sometimes going back later changes the perspective.
Admittedly, I bought this book with one focus: learning about DSL -- but then the second topic (after ATM) listed on the book was DSL. DSL makes for 6 pages total in this book and the book says the modems will cost suppliers  $1500 and therefore is skeptical about DSL.  Therefore, I guess, the book  doesn't even really bother to explain DSL, instead focusing more pages on  ISDN. I just feel a book that claims on its cover that it &quot;Covers all  the hot technologies: Internet, wireless, ATM, DSL...&quot; should do so.  I didn't bother reading other sections since the DSL coverage was limited  and inaccurate/dated.
This book seems to ride the "Da Vinci" wave: we take something from History, imagine some great secret that would change the world if discovered, insert some riddles in the text, make it at least 500 pages, and thus have a new masterpiece.Where the "Da Vinci Code" is a great book that keeps you occupied, this book is a drag.In the "Hypnerotomachia" there were large sections which were mainly thought to be filler, but later proved to be significant.  In the "Rule of Four" there are similar sections that seemed to serve no purpose, but perhaps I missed all the hidden messages in them.
Finished this book last night, and it was a real disappointment.  If only one hadn't had to wait 11 years for the follow up to Silence.  If Harris would have been pumping out a book every two years, one could forgive him  this yawn-fest.  Implausable and suspenseless.  Sure, some exquisite  gastro-intestinal touches.  But I was hoping I'd be really doing some  stomach-lurching and squirming reading this novel - as it was it was a real  let down.As for Stephen King's review in the NYT Book Review (whose  reviews are usually very kind to begin with): don't believe the hype.  King's review is way too kind and he should know better.
I am 50% of the way through and i am stuck,I have not picked up my kindle for days.It is a weird read. i like the descriptive work,but the story is just unbelievable. I am expecting  Walser to wake up from brain surgery! I will try and finish it. it was recommended by my creative writing group!
+++++The concept of luck or a lucky person is best illustrated with an example.  Consider a person who schedules a plane trip.  He/she, however, decides at the last minute because of family commitments not to go on the plane trip.  A few hours later that person hears on the news that the plane he/she was to go on crashed and all people on board were killed.  Now that's what I call a lucky person.The author, psychologist Richard Wiseman, defines lucky people as those "for whom seemingly chance events tend to work out consistently in their favor."Thus, I was excited when I read this book's back cover that stated that Wiseman had discovered "four scientific principles of luck."  Scientific principles are derived from scientific experiments.  (Setting up scientific experiments to measure luck would have to be ingenious.)  One of the cornerstones of scientific experiments is that they are objective (meaning to involve no thoughts and feelings).Sadly and surprisingly (considering Wiseman's credentials) after I read this book, I found that at no point in this book are there any objective tests (that is, scientific experiments) to measure luck.  Instead, the people he uses classify themselves as "lucky" or "unlucky" and he takes their subjective (meaning to involve thoughts and feelings) word for it.  It is from these people's subjective or anecdotal stories (this book is packed with anecdotal stories) that Wiseman derives his conclusions.  (Wiseman also develops "Suggested Exercises" for the reader to do based on this subjective data.)In other words, this book actually analyses (with the use of graphs) the characteristics of people who think they are lucky.  From this analysis of subjective data, Wiseman comes up with "four principles and twelve sub-principles of luck."This book's cover states that these "four...principles...will change...your life."  This may be true.  Such things as being more persistent and having a positive attitude are bound to change your life.  You might feel luckier as a result.  Note however, that feeling luckier and actually changing your luck are two different things.Finally, this book is easy to read and has "Chapter Summaries."  However, this book has no index.  This would be all right if the table of contents was detailed.  Unfortunately, it is not detailed making it tough to find information that you wish to refer too in the future.In conclusion, this book does contain principles and sub-principles derived from subjective data that may change your life and that may make you feel luckier.(First published 2003; acknowledgements; introduction; your luck journal; 3 parts, 9 chapters; main narrative of 200 pages; appendices; notes)** 1/2+++++
There are far too many incorrect answers in the back of the book and, in at least once case, misnumbered problems that don't match up with the back of the book.  Frustrating, particularly when trying to figure out why something was "wrong" that really wasn't. I'm tempted to write McGraw-Hill, but it's easier to just not buy any more of its workbooks.
I liked the author's earlier "Lean Sig Sigma," developed for manufacturing applications.  "Lean Six Sigma for Service," however, adds nothing for those seeking clearer guidance in improving service processes.  For example, the material on Stanford Hospital very briefly covers an application, without detailing some of the essentials to getting key physician involvement and support; worse yet, the benefits and costs of the effort were not included.  Thus, a reader would be unlikely to achieve substantive success.  The material on Lockheed-Martin (18 computer systems to accomplish most everything) was interesting, but missed the "elephant in the room" - the prescribed "fast changeover" of screens simply covers up the enormous waste of 18 systems.
For the price I paid for this book, you would much better writing and better resources for learning.  This book was underwhelming in ever sense of the word and I wasn't even able to re-sell it for very much.
Ultimately, when you strip the text of the agile terminology, what you get is an anecdotal description of a standard iterative approach, much better delivered in books like Walker Royce's &#34;Software Project Management - A Unified framework&#34;. It reiterates what many software professionals already know: &#34;Iterative&#34; done right is agile. Worse, it brings no concrete metrics to back any of the claims and recommendations. The book addresses another well known fact: Traditional agile (usually meaning Scrum) does not scale up well for Enterprise IT projects requiring large project teams and delivering complex solutions.The only redeeming value I found in the book is that it concentrates many well known engineering and Project Management best practices, but then again, books like Capers Jones's &#34;Software Engineering Best Practices&#34; do it better and back their findings with facts from well researched studies.
get a sample to understand just what the antithesis of critical thinking is. this work is a good example of the jaded creation of ideological bias. this represents the need for a true liberal education that should lead one toward discernment and truth as it repulses from this kind of odious nonsense.  this a very good example of a  bad example of critical thinking. it reflects an anti liberal education and thinking process that claims it is open , liberal, and that it thinks critically. this twisted work is poorly written and reasoned propaganda . you want some good thinkers who can teach real critical thinking, then read aristotle, lincoln, churchill, merton, thich naht hanh, for starters. don't waste your time or money on this pathetic work of dumbed down nonsense.
Working in a bookstore, and being an avid reader of Canadian fiction, I've always wanted to read Alice Munro's short-story collections because of her international reputation as one of Canada's literary treasures. After &quot;Runaway&quot; won the Giller, I put down everything I was reading at the time and decided to finally acquaint myself with Munro's writing once and for all. The first story, the title story, I rather enjoyed. But then it was all downhill after that. After the fifth story I just gave up. I couldn't go on. The stories were well written, there's no question, but I'm afraid there wasn't much &quot;story&quot; in this short story collection at all. And the titles, all single words (Chance, Passion, Silence...), in a way mocking pretentious titles of bad fiction, when in fact the mockery doesn't seem intended at all. If it is, it's not reflected in the pieces. And I wanted so badly to like this collection. I just don't see what all the fuss is about. I will definitely give Munro another chance sometime in the future, because her accolades practically command it. But at the moment, I must admit, I'm both perplexed and dismayed at my response to this latest offering from an obviously very talented writer. Oh well.
It's a fun little workout, mostly stretching with some isometrics thrown in. I don't see how it could possibly cause anyone to lose weight. I thought I broke a sweat once while during this video, but it was just the house's heater kicking on. I might do it after a harder workout or a run, because there are a lot of stretches, but even then, I'd have to supplement it. Even the ab work only addressed the upper abs. I did like the thigh work, it's nearly identical to the moves in Pure barre, if anybody's done that. However, it was just starting to get difficult when the class moved on.To give context, I jog and do some weightlifting and a few other videos, but I would not call myself athletic at all. Just sort of average. This would have been useful when I was very first starting out.
This is a good first novel but a far cry from Umberto Ecco and Donna Tartt. There is too much Princeton nostalgia in this book and the writers' immaturity is quite evident in every page.
This book should have been great. It is about a critical subject (using testing to drive product and marketing choices to better serve/target market segments) and has a pioneer of the field as a co-author. I was predisposed to love it. But Selling Blue Elephants is a complete waste of time. As another reviewer wrote, it is just a blatant promotion for their testing services - and a bad one at that.Now you might say "Isn't every book just a means to get the author consulting business?" That may be true, but usually the book in question still stands on its own.This book tells stories of companies using the author's RDE testing approach without conveying any information the reader can actually use or learn from without hiring the authors firm. I get RDE helped Prego come up with chunky sauce. But how? That Vlasic created variants of a basic pickle to better appeal to multiple segments. Again, how? In discussing how RDE can help dissect your competitors products, how do you make statements like "Success in RDE deconstruction of the competitive frame is 80% getting the right raw materials in the first place?" and then not explain at all how the example company did this?  ("raw materials" refer to the various components of that made up the competitors offering).How did HP, Vlasic, Prego, or anyone else decide what to test in the first place, who to test it on, what elements to test, what takeaways to follow-up on and what to reject, etc. None of that is covered. Instead you get the equivalent of the power point presentation given by the Underpants Gnomes Where Step 1 is "collect underpants," step 2 is blank, and step 3 is "profit." The book has continued references like "don't worry about entering all the data manually; everything is done automatically if you are using a program such as IdeaMap.NET" (which happens to be the authors' proprietary tool). There is in fact so little info on actually doing testing that should the book convince you to buy their tool, you would still need to hire them to run it for you since there is nothing on how companies came up with the inputs in terms of hypothesis, elements, etc.With due respect to Moskowitz's work as a consultant -- which if you have heard Malcolm Gladwell describe it is top notch -- Selling Blue Elephants fails as a business book has nothing to do with its sub-header "How to make great products that people want BEFORE they even know they want them."
For some reason, I had a terrible time finishing this book, which is unusual for Weir's books. Normally I can't put them down, but I just got bogged down in Liz's repetitive courtships to be fully engrossed. I know  the author's intent was to present a personal history rather than a  political one, but the resulting work is uneven, derivitive, and often just  dull.
While not exactly on my &quot;must-buy&quot; list, it does have some interesting examples and topics such as game theory and first-mover advantage.  Buy it if you study the subject not for disgressionary reading.
I was too harsh on this book in my first review. After reading it twice, I will give it 4.... stars instead of two. Read this book along with other books also.This book is a must in Options education. The author touches on subjects others miss. Look at David Caplan also.
The contempt the author repeatedly expressed for both science and education made this book inappropriate for my young boys, ages 4 and 6.  The author used the cute characters to mask his contempt for many of the things I value in my life, and you perhaps value in yours.I read this book at night to my 4 and 6 year olds. My four year old had chosen to read The Book of Pooh four times in a row.  I had used his interest in Pooh to help him learn other things, like math and drawing. I saw this book as a way to introduce some big philosophical concepts.This may very well be an introduction to Tao, I don't know. If "The Way" means basically "To Criticize" then this is it. The author's point seems to be "Be Like Pooh." The problem is, he cannot do it himself.  If the author acted more like Pooh, his book would not be so objectionable to my children. Can you imagine Pooh criticizing at all?When the author started talking about science as pointless and silly, my 6 year old (who was sitting in) asked what was wrong with science? He wants to be a scientist.  And when the author went on on a tirade about academics and school and even (ironically) books, I was shocked.  My boys are both in classes of some sort, and they don't know what to do with the author's low opinion of school.There were many of these gems of knowledge.  One other one I remember is that exercise is worthless. Better he says to just lay on the grass. No kidding. My kids are very active (as is Pooh) and I hope they are active their whole lives.  The advice in this book is questionable at best, and totally inappropriate for children.  If you are an adult, have failed at school, and sit on a couch all day, then this book will provide you with a justification.The author is a Talk Radio DJ, in the disguise as a mystic, putting on a puppet show starring Pooh.  He hijacks a childhood hero to vent his frustration at a failed college career. Underneath his "be simple, like Pooh" message is a great deal of anger and frustration that bubble to the surface in ill-chosen exaggerations about "narrow minded science" and "irrelevant academia" and joggers.  Did he not get tenure at Cal Tech, or something?  While he derides science as pointless study, one wonders if he drives a car, takes medicine, prints his books on printing presses, travels by some other means than his feet, in short... does he benefit from science?  If so, the word "hypocrite" springs to mind.We never finished the book.  My four year old, who is FAR more Pooh-like than the author, simply knew that something wasn't right, and would actually pick another book and read it silently while I read this book aloud.  He had never done that before, or since, and it was his Pooh way of telling me that this guy wasn't appropriate.  So when my six year old asked, "How can he be against books - when he wrote one?"  we stopped.  The boy had a point.  Any author of a book who derides authors and readers of books for being too academic is clearly a fool.The author does not have the inner peace and sense of fun and play that Pooh possesses.  Instead, he parades these cute characters about and (from time to time) sneers hate-filled generalizations about things he chooses not to respect.  I hear his second book is the same, but worse.  If that is "The Way" then count me out.
Absolutely hated this book. I didn't read it all the way through, but I figure 260 pages of literary torture was enough. How this book has been so well received and turned out a movie is beyond my comprehension. This book was entirely inaccessible and boring. I hated the long winded laments on architecture and gardens and I hated and didn't identify with any of the characters. This has been the worst book I've read in a decade at least.After finding out the ending to this book after getting half way through it, I realized that the end could never justify the means. Many people disagree with this, but I just can't be bothered to read the rest of this book as it's more effective than ambien at putting me to sleep.
Having read all of the Alex Cross novels it is always with anticipation when I pick up the newest.  This book starts out as well as any of Patterson's prior stories.  While taking characters directly from the headlines makes part of the story line more believable, I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that the mathematician as killer was hard to swallow.  My problem with the book is the ending.  Up until the final encounter with the main antagonist, Kyle Crane, the reader is told how precise, cautious, and masterful this criminal is and has been.  The final showdown does not match what until then has been a very cunning and calculating plot to kill Alex Cross. This is not a spoiler, we all know Alex survives.  Patterson, like Child, Connelly, and Crais, has become lazy in writing a book that keeps the reader completely satisfied.
Another reviewer put it best when they said "a slow train wreck does not make for good reading."  The premise of the county wrongfully evicting a woman from her house was a little absurd but I was willing to swallow that premise if it made for a good story.  But the absurdity just kept coming.  The evicted woman and her married boyfriend just keep doing one stupid, unthinkable thing after another to the new, legal owners of the house.  It would have been so much easier and logical to just sue the county for MORE than the value of the house and actually have benefited from the county's mistake.  It was around this time that I realized, the author expects me to feel sorry for this main character but that I would rather she died and the story end than have to hear more about her stupidity.  Then I asked myself why I would read a book about stupid people.  And the answer was I'm not reading it anymore.Aside from the absurd premise and actions of the characters, the writing was in no way impressive.  The author was consistently mentioning the woman's breasts for no reason.  She was laying on a bed and the author said she was laying on her breasts or she was in the shower and the water was streaming down her breasts.  What is this?  A cheap romance novel?  And lets not forget that the new owner of the house is a colonel!  A colonel from Iran who compares every sound he hears to that of an F16 fighter jet - because that's what colonel's really know, right?  I'm not reading any more because I just know the colonel is going to notice the woman's breasts look like F16 fighter jets.
This book is 106 pages long, but it reads like an outline for a community college Intro to Business lecture.  I didn't have high expectations going in, but even with my low bar I was disappointed.Brad promises "Instant Systems" - an exciting way to automate your business so you can start other automated businesses and flit around the world with your newfound wealth.  In reality his book is filled with fluffy paragraphs that are all overview with no specifics.  I especially enjoyed his section on how to automate your entire HR process by writing down every "task" in a neat little binder and then hiring a high school student (or equivalent) to implement it.  Good luck with that one.If you put in a lot of time experimenting with the concepts presented in this book, you MAY be able to automate most parts of the most simplistic unskilled businesses (such as small home cleaning services, carwashes, possibly restaurants), but clearly if you get into any kind of larger scale or need to hire (gasp!) college grads with real job skills (biotech, law firm, technology company, etc...), I am confident the "instant systems" approach will instantly disintegrate.And of course, the book is peppered with shameless self promotion and advertising throughout.You are better off saving your money for a community college course in business 101.
Why, Thomas Harris, why? Why, after seven years, did you unleash this mess on your waiting fans? I was so happy when I heard that there would be a conituation of The Silence of the Lambs, only to be horribly let down by the results. The ending is ridiculous. It doesn't make sense at all - and  comes so quickly after hundreds of pages building &quot;suspense&quot;  (which never really happens). And do we have to endure so many people  mistaking Hannibal Lecter for Satan? We understand that he is a malevolent  person, but that doesn't make him the ultimate evil. Spare yourself the  money and time - please.
It is hard to like the author/main character of this book. But I have to admire her honesty in not honey coating her life.  I didn't really care for the book, but I'm glad I read it, as it kept me from going to the movie.  The trailers for this move show a feel good, chick flick, and that is not what the book portrays. I am tired of being dupped by Hollywood.  Read it just for that reason.
I am interested in Scandanavian fiction writed and very much liked the Wallander series. When I saw this book by the author of that series, I expected an excellent result.It started out with a bang, most of the inhabitants of a village are brutally slaughtered. However much of the body of the book examined the political changes in China, its socialist roots being challenged by its growing captalism. While this is interesting and worth discussion, it becomes a overpowering of the main story.It was tedious for long stretches and the translation was poorThe resolution of the plot is a stretch and not very satisfying.
This text was required for Spanish 101 at the college I attend. Other then this class I am a straight A student, so I am very used to finding a way to glean from instructors and textbooks that are subpar at times. This book clearly assumes you know some Spanish starting out. Giving instructions in Spanish on page one to someone who has just started learning shows how out of touch of reality the academic community is with the real world by using this book. Clearly this book is so well thought of simply because of the "Group Think" that goes on, and not because it works. Half the class dropped out before three weeks, not all because of this poorly targeted text, but partily due to it.I am stuck in the class now. But unless something kicks in I will be going elsewhere to learn Spanish. I have found FREE resources that do better then this over priced text does. Sadly I had to give it at least one star, I would have went lower if I had a choice.
This book is very absorbing, and Crichton usually makes his science seem plausible. I was very intrigued by &quot;Sphere,&quot; and the novel &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; made my blood run cold--it scared me a lot more  than the movie did.But &quot;Timeline&quot; is sloppy. An architect  refers to a diagram of a monastery and says that it shows apsidal chapels,  when in fact, it does not (the diagram is reproduced in the book). The  architect and a historian are talking about the putative location of the  monastery's refectory--and a few pages later are referring to the same room  as the &quot;rectory&quot; (which of course makes no sense to begin with,  in that context). Archaelogists come across a mass burial on the site of a  monastery, and the author says, &quot;But there were strange things about  this--they were all men&quot; (well, duh, the population of a monastery  usually is) and &quot;they had died of arrow wounds, but no battle had been  fought at the monastery.&quot; So? The battle didn't have to be fought  right there; the monastery was simply where they were brought for burial.  Irritating little lapses like this occur rather frequently throughout the  book.Other faults are more serious. One medieval widow is such a  consummate plotter that she makes Michael Corleone look like a boy scout;  yet one of the main characters, having known her for less than 24 hours and  having seen little of her but her cunning, inexplicably falls in love with  her, and we are to believe that they live happily ever after. Perhaps it  really does work out that way, but it is obvious that the author expects  the reader to endorse this decision, and that really doesn't make a great  deal of sense.A scientist attempts to explain quantum physics to a group  of historians. He shows that experiments in optics show that there must be  multiple universes which may randomly affect ours. Perhaps this is a  logical surmise, and my knowledge of science is weak, but for me, his  explanations raised more questions than they answered. If photons from an  alternate universe can bump light &quot;out of the way&quot; in ours, does  that mean that an oil slick from an alternate universe can suddenly and  randomly make my street slippery, so that I have a wreck?The scientists  go on to explain that teleportation is achieved by analogy with faxing. But  faxing is nothing but transmission of electronic signals; it's not the  whole thing. There must be material at the other end to recreate the  image--and even after recreation, the entire result is simply a copy.  Crichton wants us to believe, in this story, that &quot;faxing&quot; people  actually reconstitutes real humans &quot;at the other end.&quot; For me,  the analogy broke down.Weakest of all, for me, is the way Crichton  faces--or rather, fails to face--the peculiar dilemmma of time travel: if  we could visit the past, how could we know that whatever we did was not in  fact altering the past for the worse? The movie &quot;Frequency&quot; at  least faces this issue squarely: a man saves his father's life, in the  past, but in so doing, alters his mother's life so that she comes to the  notice of a serial killer who would otherwise never have encountered  her.Crichton simply denies that the issue is real at all. When one of  the characters is asked, &quot;But if I went back in time and killed my  grandfather, so that I was never born, wouldn't that be paradoxical,&quot;  he simply replies that you probably couldn't kill your grandfather, because  you might not find him, or your gun would misfire, or you might be  arrested, etc. Pretty lame, in my opinion.In the end, as one of the  reviewers has already said, you realize that what you are reading, all in  all, is a rather brutal description of medieval mayhem. And again, there  are a couple of howlers thrown in, such as a smart young female historian  with a fine education seriously saying &quot;My hero&quot; to a fellow she  is interested in. Other touches, such as the decapitation-prone mad knight  guarding the Green Chapel, seem to be an obvious borrowing from &quot;Sir  Gawain&quot;--and it is impossible to tell if Crichton is even aware of  this.Crichton certainly did do some homework for this book, and he makes  some bold and interesting claims--for instance, that broadsword combat was  not slow and cumbrersome, as we might imagine, but quick as fencing, or  that medieval knights were not as small as we think they were. (Then why  are doorways to private rooms in medieval buildings so short?)In any  case, there are interesting points about the book, but it needed a better  editor, perhaps one who was not overawed by the author's name and  reputation.
I reviewed about 20 e-commerce books in preparation for teaching a series of corporate seminars and college courses, and this was easily the weakest of the bunch.  The authors must have written this in a weekend.  There was  very little depth to this treatment - most of it was terribly obvious.  No  exploration of the more fundamental ways in which e-commerce is changing  organization and design of businesses, supply chains, the marketing  relationship, etc.  These people need to go back to the field to find out  what is really happening, not just hang out in their ivory tower.  I  suggest spending your $$ on one of Ravi Kalakota's books, which are much  more thoughtful and original.  Were not the market for e-commerce books  exploding, this very weak book would never have been published.
I was disappointed in this book because it made me believe that it would be about Yahoo! and Google equally with eBay.  However, this book was all about eBay with a tiny sprinkling of Yahoo! and Google here and there -- certainly not enough to include Yahoo! and Google in the title of the book.  The book has 29 chapters.  It doesn't stop talking about eBay until Chapter 21 then resumes its eBay discussion in Chapter 29.The book should have been called "eBay 101" or "eBay for Not-So-Dumb Dummies."  It does have good information for a complete eBay newbie but I would recommend other books for the non-eBay savvy newcomer like Adam Ginsberg's book: How to Buy, Sell, and Profit on eBay or eBay Powerseller Secrets by Debra and Brad Schepp.  In fact, those two books I just mentioned alone should be all you need to get started if you want to make money on eBay.Pass on this book.  It's a rip off.  The title is not appropriate and designed to deceive people into believing that the book will give you a strong online selling strategy with a successful mix of eBay, Yahoo!, and Google when that isn't the case.  It's all about eBay with a few words dropped in here and there about Yahoo! and Google.
For some reason I expected the book.  Instead I rec the literary review which was actually better tha the actual book.
Hopefully, some boob won't take Bing's tome as a real representation of what it takes to get ahead in business. I found the analogies using Pol Pot, Adolph Hitler and Joseph Stalin offensive.
The authors are well-meaning but you aren't getting a book here. The story could come wrapped in a gum ball machine with a free edible action figure. Who Moved my Cheese? says change can be a blessing or a curse, depending on your perspective. Change is inevitable but you might get cursed reading this pamphlet. You aren't going to be learning an amazing way to deal with change despite the promise.Why 2 stars? It's 96 pages long! Pulpy 1950s science fiction novels were longer and more interesting. Yet Who Moved my Cheese? manages to stay in print. Perhaps the fact it is so short is a blessing. It has an amazing number of reviews and a decent fan base. Why isn't this a 1-star? It's not insulting so much as it is simple. It works on a lot of people. I saw it happen at the bank I used to work at early in my career. I'm not sure why since intellectual types will brush this off easily. I might give it to a 10-year old or a particularly nasty employee I didn't like. There is even a teen version of this book yet almost any age group could understand the text and message behind it. Perhaps an elementary school library is where it really belongs.Check out Anthony Robbins' Awaken the Giant Within for a self-improvement text with some meat in it.
.....and there are better follow-ups after your introduction.This does descend into mimicking the self-help genre pretty quickly.I think my issue with this book is that the author underpins his reflections and conclusions too often with, with, well, not with much other than his opinion supported by Samuel Smiles type aphorisms.This is a shame, because the field of Positive Psychology (capital letters employed deliberately) has so much going for it, not least a substantial serious wealth of empirical data to support it.I understand that the author's lectures at Harvard are incredibly well-attended and indeed well-regarded. Not quite sure why, on this showing.It's not a pure example of the self-help genre (thank goodness), but neither is it sufficiently scholarly or referenced to be much more.In fact one of the books that Ben-Shahar should have included in his bibliography, but for some inexplicable reason didn't, would be a far better introduction: "The Happiness Hypothesis", by Jonathan Haidt (a definite 5 star read) is everything this book should have been, but was published a least a year earlier.An alternative introduction, more practical but better-referenced than "Happier" is Ilona Boniwell's "Positive Psychology in a Nutshell", which I can also recommend whole-heartedly.
As a Michael Crichton fan, I found this book disappointing. The fundamental ideas underlying the plot were good and Crichton takes pains to make the quantum concepts reasonably clear (though in simplifying them he skips over a lot of details that don't quite jell with his plot!). I also found the glimpses of feudal life in the middle ages to be fascinating. For all that however, the plot development never quite takes off and a very large number of situations in the novel seem to be contrived rather than flowing with the storyline. As other reviewers have commented, this is closer to a movie outline than a book and there are contradictions galore. Excusable perhaps from a new author but not from Crichton. Two stars for the initial idea, but that is all.
In a time when entire cities have covered themselves with force fields and taken to the stars, a young boy is kidnapped from earth and taken into space aboard one such flying town.  Eventually, he proves himself to be invaluable to the survival of his adopted home.This is a very clunky novel.  It is poorly written, with uninteresting characters and dull plotting.  There are far too many lengthy conversations and dull exposition-Blish tells when he ought to be showing.  Like many older science fiction novels, it displays a nave infatuation with technology that has not aged well-for example, a city that is governed by infallible computers is held to be superior to one that is controlled by mere men.  Blish fails to develop adequately his intellectual theme-that a knowledge of history and its lessons is an invaluable guide to coping with the future-and the moments of high adventure are presented in stiff, workmanlike fashion.  Not recommended.
I am always on the lookout for Perl books from sources other than O'Reilly &amp; Associates. Since Larry Wall works for them, they are The Authorities on the language, no question. But I've often felt that they know the language perhaps too well; they are so familiar with its subtleties that they don't do as good a job of explaining the basics as they might.I consider myself to be beyond the novice stage in Perl programming, but far from an expert, so I was very interested in what Perl: A Beginner's Guide had to say.It is a maddening book. I really would like to say something positive about it, but it is so full of typos, and so haphazardly put together, that I just can't.The slipshod feeling shows right from the beginning. After explaining how to run the traditional &quot;Hello, World&quot; program, the authors explain the chomp() function, which removes a newline character from the end of an input line. We're then given a Note, with a box around it, to clear up a key point:&quot;Perl also has a function called chomp(), which removes the last character of a string. Unlike chomp(), chomp() removes any character, no matter what it is, whereas chomp() only remove the character if it's a newline character. When you only need to remove a trailing newline character, you should always use chomp(), because it's safer.&quot;Got that?Sure, you know that they're talking about chop() versus chomp(), and this is only a typo. But how long will it take the beginner who's reading this book to figure that out?On page 59 the authors introduce Perl's comparison operators, including the = = operator inherited from C, and the source of much confusion among novices and experts alike. Twenty-three pages later we finally get an example of one of these operators, and it's wrong:$a = 20;if( $a = 15){print &quot;a is equal to 15\n&quot;;}else....This example, of course, will print &quot;a is equal to 15&quot; until the cows come home. Or until the reader throws the book aside in disgust.I could go on, but you get the point. The problem is not only that the book is full of small errors like the ones I've cited; the problem is that their presence makes you mistrust everything the book says, even when it's correct.A more subtle issue, and one that's harder to get a handle on, is the fact that the book's examples are, for the most part, trivial. You get the feeling that the authors, faced with the need to come up with an example to illustrate the feature of the language they were discussing at the moment, just wrote down whatever popped into their heads. The examples illustrate the point, but they don't take on the more important job of helping the reader to begin to think like a Perl programmer.For example, in the section on regular expressions, there are a series of examples that use this syntax:if ($result = $string1 =~ /Hello/){This example is used over and over, and yes, it works. But, since we never make use of $result anywhere else, a Perl programmer would simplify this to:if ($string1 =~ /Hello/){Moreover, in the real world, you'd be more likely to see something like:if (/Hello/){-- which makes use of the implied $_ variable. Although an awareness and understanding of the many $x variables are key to understanding Perl's often-cryptic syntax, references to them are sprinkled haphazardly throughout the book; nowhere are they laid out in a logical, orderly fashion.As I said at the beginning, I really would like to like this book. The authors obviously have gone out of their way to try to write a manual that makes Perl approachable for beginners. What they've got here is a good first draft; but it's not ready for publication.
I bought this book due to the complimentary comparisons to the Da Vinci Code featured on the covers. That was my first mistake. My second was actually reading the book cover to cover. As a fan of the historical/ code / mystery genre this book was a BIG disappointment. The book is 75% about the narrator's relationship with his Princeton roommates and girlfriend and 25% about breaking the code embedded laboriously and unconvincingly in the book he is studying. The undergrad students on display in the book are all pretentiously erudite. The code-breaking is a minor feature. A couple of maps and apparently original figures from the Hypnerotomachia are thrown in to add an air of authenticity. After the code is broken nothing happens. The book fizzles out. The search for the fabulous treasures buried in Colonna's crypt are completely ignorred. The authors go to great lengths to show their knowledge of the minutiae of Princeton life - right down to its architecture, geography, legends and student lore. In fact, one gets the impression that the authors are simply rubbing the reader's nose in all the detail. They then apologise for all their careless mistakes in the authors' note at the end of the book. Had I read the Acknowledgments at the end I would have realised that this book was always meant to be "a book about friendship" and not a mystery novel at all. The novel could easily have been 100 pages shorter and still said everything the authors wanted about friendship and still contain a tidy mystery. I guess if only one person had written it it would have been half as long. A pity it wasn't.
We are reading this book for our book group.  I'm not sure if it made me uncomfortable because the perspective was so accurate or if it was because it never went beyond the stereotypes that I already have.I didn't like one character in the book.  Even the dogs and the kid were annoying.  While that may have been the result of good writing, the end product was that I was left feeling nothing but "ick."  The characters seemed one dimensional even though a large amount of time was spent detailing their thoughts and opinions.  I never understood the "why's" behind any of their actions, just their histories.  Perhaps I was too slow to draw the conclusion.I felt like a big, over consumerized, ungrateful loser.If that's your thing, you may love the book.
I really wanted to like this book, but I couldn't get into it. It's a travel log written by the author as he travels through Patagonia. He writes about the people he meets and some of the interesting things about the area. I know everyone else seems to like it, so don't take my word for it. Maybe it's just not a good time for me to be reading a travel book.
I don't know about you, but I buy Schaum books so I can have a large number of problems to work with answers so I know when I'm doing it right.  My great frustration is people who say "don't look at the answers or you'll never learn the material".  BS.  That's fine for people with good highschool math preparation, but when you're striving to overcome the legacy of miserable math teachers in US public schools, it fails miserably.  I can spend hours on a problem and still not get it.  I think the problem for people like me is that we just don't know the language or know how to think about mathematics.  Hence I'm giving the book 1 star.  I'm looking for a supplement to an obtuse text for an advance calculus course, not another obtuse text.
I read about half of The Quincunx. The author tried very hard - too hard - to sound just like Charles Dickens. I simply could not get beyond the fact that this was a contemporary writer putting on the guise of a Victorian writer. It was like reading a stilted English translation of a story written in Czech. Sure, he had done his homework. He knew his words, the clothing of the period, the customs. He knew his Dickens and how thickly plotted Dickens' novels are. Reading this was simply a chore. It was at about the halfway point that I said to myself: "Forget it. I'd rather read Dickens." I gave the book away and picked up a copy of Bleak House, which I enjoyed immensely. Just because a book took great pains to write does not mean it should take great pains to read.Now, I do not poo-pooh historical fiction. I loved "The Crimson Petal and the White," by Michel Faber, "Raj" by Ghita Mehta, and "The Persian Boy" by Mary Renault. And, of course, "The Once and Future King" by T.H. White. The difference between these books and "The Quincunx" is that these other authors were not trying to write like another author. They were using their own writing skills to bring a new and vivid look at a specific period of history. I would highly recommend any of these other books over "The Quincunx."I will say, however, that 'quincunx' would be an awesome Scrabble word.
This is a very light overview of Weblogic and J2EE. This book is a step-by-step follow-the-numbers outline of how to get a particular example program to work. You will not find any indepth information on why things are done the way they are.A lot of space is wasted on screen shots of DOS shells that show how to run a .bat file.Even though it is advertised as supporting WLS 6.0, I am disappointed that the webauction example source code / build scripts do not work with WLS 6.1. Considering that this book was just published and that its copyright is dated as 2002 (sic), the example code should run on the current version of Weblogic.To add insult to injury, the &quot;questions / comments&quot; email address on their web site bounces.
One of the best things about finishing my formal education is that no one can ever force me to read James Joyce again!  I didn't get it, I'll never get it, and I don't want to get it.  I had nightmares for weeks after reading the &#34;hell&#34; passage.  It ranks at or near the top of my list of &#34;Worst Books I Ever Read&#34; and it's likely to stay there no matter what I read.  Joyce fans tell me that it is essential to read his works with the aid of another book, such as ReJoyce, to explain Joyce's, and it continues to astonish me that otherwise highly intelligent people think that this proves the quality of the work.  Other writers don't get published, unless by a vanity press, if their work can't be understood by reasonably intelligent people.  Joyce is supposed to be brilliant?  I think he was nuts.  More power to those who like him, but if you are thinking you should read this because it's supposed to be a classic, you might want to rethink that.  At least check it out of the library instead of spending money on it.
Tom Sullivan is about to graduate from Princeton. He has an obsession inherited from his father, about the book "Hyperotomachie Polyphile" which was written in 1499.Tom and his roommate, Paul, are both extremely interested in finding the secrets of the book. There is a question about who is the true author and the book has a major effect on everyone who reads it.This is a slow moving, analytical book that is advertised as being similar to the Da Vinci Code." The "Hyperotomachie Polyphile" is coded in seven languages and the text is a passionate love story in addition to being a mathematical labyrinth.It is obvious about the extent of research that went into this book. The authors also have a good grasp of college life and students doing research papers. However, maybe this reads like a research paper, it is slow, dry and although there was a great deal of detail about the characters and their personalities, with the slow pace and excess information, I was never drawn to the characters or their quest.
This year's Current still lists "CFS" (aka ME) as "Fatigue & Chronic Fatigue Syndrome...p.39" in Chp.2 "Common Symptoms." Need it be pointed out once again that ME is a severe neuro-immune disease not Idiopathic Chronic Fatigue?I refer the authors to the 2011 ME International Consensus Criteria for accurate information on ME.I would love to give Current a five-star rating and will very gladly do so if an accurate entry on ME is substituted. I do think it is generally a very good work. Pls take info from the ME ICC, supra, and/or contact me for more info or to find an authority who will draft an accurate piece on ME for you for free. Thank you.There are some accurate statements in the piece on ME, but many harmful inaccuracies taken from studies or articles by proven frauds such as Simon Wessely and which use the Reeves and Sharpe definitions of "CFS" which are both patently invalid on their face.Here are a sample of the egregious inaccuracies in this article:"Persons with confirmed CFS report a much greater frequency of childhood trauma and psychopathology...""Acyclovir...and low-dose hydro-cortosone do not improve symptoms.""There is a greater occurrence of past and current psychiatric diagnoses in patients with this syndrome.""All patients...should be reassured that full recovery is eventually possible in most cases."
I'm rather embarrassed to say this with all these other glowing reviews, but I had difficulty grasping a lot of the concepts in this book.  The principles the Kanes laid out were interesting and unique, but I found their examples unclear and seemingly irrelevant, and they offered no suggestions on implementing these principles into your life.  I may eventually give this another try--perhaps it's something that must be read more than once to understand fully--but at this point I don't recommend this book.  I recommend instead Don Miguel Ruiz'sThe Mastery of Love: A Practical Guide to the Art of Relationship (Toltec Wisdom Book)andThe Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom, A Toltec Wisdom Bookor Marci Shimoff'sHappy for No Reason: 7 Steps to Being Happy from the Inside Out, which were all easy to understand yet deep and have had a profound impact on my life.Note: If you read this review and rate it unhelpful, please take the time to leave a comment explaining why so I know how to improve it.  I'm just not sure what I'm doing wrong with this one.
See the preview.  That's the Kindle version cover (not the same as on the book), some illustrations, but when you get to the recipes in the Kindle book you're flying blind, and would be hard pressed to recreate them from the descriptions alone in some cases.  Quite disappointing that they chose to cheap out for the Kindle version, right down to the cheap no one cares cover image for it.  I wouldn't have bought it had I known.In the description where you can click to see images of the book, keep in mind those AREN'T in the Kindle version.  Not one recipe has an image in the Kindle book.I returned the Kindle book for a refund and will buy the hard copy book.I hate when they do this.  They shouldn't be allowed to do this and sell on Amazon.
While the content of this book is interesting (I've only started it), the formatting and editing leaves a lot to be desired.  Not worth the price, IMO
I agree with another reviewer - I would give it zero stars if I could. I borrowed this from the library based on the reviews here. Instead of returning it to the library I would love to throw it in the trash and do a service to other women. The author is so naive and doesn't have a clue about women or men. She starts the book by stating she originally wrote this book in her early twenties, and rewrote it after years of "insight" when she was now in her late twenties. I should have stopped reading at that point. The entire book was about "living in the moment". Every single chapter. Duh. She seems to think that every women reading this book has been too needy or is looking for a man to save her. There is not one original thought in this entire book. This author thinks way too highly of herself and doesn't have enough experience or knowledge to be writing a book on relationships. Do not waste your time or money on this book.
This book is an obvious attempt at advertising. Every chart, graph and almost every paragraph has a reference to IBD. To utilize the techniques set forth in this book you must subscribe to IBD. Like most late night infomercials, get rich quick schemes and the like there is something that just doesnt seem right.I can pretty much assume that people who invested in this book also invest the same way. They didnt read the company news or in this case read the book a little in the store. Thus they became a lump sum investor with out any research and lost there money on this investment. The only person to make money here was William J. O'Neil. Investing is like a baby born in the ghetto. If you nurture it and monitor it then it will prosper but if you leave it alone to the wolves then you end up with a loser. People who invest and lose money do so because of hasty judgements, hesitation and greed. Do the opposite which would be: careful calculated stock picks, Know when to sell and buy and stick to your guns, and relish in small profits over [a period of time]. Every trade , every decision and every move must be calculated for risk, market climate, third party knowledge and gauge this against your greed and own needs. Then decide is this what I should do. If you dont know what I have said then you will certianly lose a lot. This isnt my stock picking method its ... commmon sense mixed with intelligence. Oh and one more thing..
I put "almost" in the title because there is a nugget here but it's simplistic to the point of triviality. Basically, the nugget is this: "When things change, don't waste time whining about it. Adapt." The anecdote lionizes the mice because they don't think much or question anything. They simply move on. It makes very clear that the Lilliputians screw themselves by thinking and criticizing the arbitrary change that occurs without warning because they should have anticipated it. Usually you're given this book by your employer (some people have claimed as a precursor to layoffs) so it's not hard to see that "the cheese" is a metaphor for "your job". There. Now you can skip the book. That is, unless you want to use the CIA technique of "back-siting" or, in other words, reading it to ascertain the intentions of the person/organization who gave the book to you.If you want to read something of far greater utility read "No One Moved Your Cheese", which combines humor with some very practical advice and debunks the type of pablum presented in "Who Moved My Cheese?".Another book which complements "No One Moved Your Cheese" is a book called "Secrets of Consulting", which applies to anyone that has a job, not just consultants. It's a very amusing read, which makes the essential take-away points memorable. The lessons there have a kind of Zen-like quality where you later come to realize that they apply at levels you had not previously fathomed, a la Horatio.
...bit disappointed by this work from DeLillo. As a matter of fact, the only books I really like from him are Cosmopolis and The Body Artist.Although White Noise is praised as the book that made DeLillo DeLillo, I failed to see the artistic difference from other authors' works like those of Richard Ford, John Irving or Martin Amis.White Noise is a novel that captures a snippet of time during the 1980's when America still still struggled to find its identity when the love revolution of the 60's and 70's is gone and the technological revolution of the 1990's is still a decade away. In White Noise, DeLillo's characters are struggling with the most basic human emotion - the fear of death. From this perspective, White Noise reminds me of the inevitable consequence of choice as portrayed in Camus' The Stranger, with the difference that Camus' character accepts death as the alternative to the illusion of religion, while DeLillo's struggle to find a treatment of this innate condition.The novel is very slow and in my opinion has too many words.I wouldn't recommend it. Instead, try for example Independence Day or The Water Method man by Richard Ford and John Irving respectively
I'm going to go against the flow with this review. I was able to finish the book, but that's about the only positive note.In short, this book is about a 2 week police investigation starting with the murder of a taxi driver but quickly unfolding into a series of events that may or may not be related. The book focuses on the very detailed actions of the main character - Kurt Wallander, the police investigator.The book cover quotes mention words like &quot;suspensful - thriller&quot;. I disagree with these. The only word that is correct is &quot;procedural&quot;. The book reads like a police report. But one where you also get information on the bad guys before the police finds out. There is absolutely no suspense in this book, and the little intrigue there may be is quickly put off by revealing key information so you can completely guess the final outcome about halfway through the book. Also, the expectation on the level of sophistication of this story is set high because of the many events decribed in very detail. At the end I was disappointed to discover that many of those details were actually unimportant to the story.Also, as the title suggest, there is quite some computer technology involved in the story. It appears to me that the author has made little research on the matter. Everything around the computer technology described doesn't make a lot of sense. The author very much sounds like the computer-illiterate main character.In summary: this book is a police report of an unsophiticated, and therefore uninteresting crime.
A friend in British academia gave me the last book of the trilogy as a gift, and I enjoyed it enough to buy the entire trilogy.  The two main characters, a female academic and a male factory manager, were both well-drawn characters chock-full of interesting foibles.  The clash of cultures and perspectives was entertaining, and be book was well-written.It turned out that the earlier books' male characters were reasonably well-drawn and chock-full of interesting foibles.  Female characters were sketched in terms of their sexual appeal to male characters, otherwise empty.  The books are a product of their times, I suppose.  Meh.
As a late-in-coming fan to the MITFORD series, I met the audio book with leaps of joy... after all, hearing the words in the author's own voice is a rare treat!  Unfortunately, the abridgement that is so necessary to keep the listening time and cost manageable makes it almost painful for a true fan to hear... you are excruciatingly aware of each and every edited scene, and every cut rankles more and more.  Jan Karon is a joy to hear, and the book remains among my favorites, but for my grandmother's Christmas present, I'm looking elsewhere.  At least one other audio book producer has all of the MITFORD novels unabridged, and while they're decidedly more costly, it's worth it.  Listening to an abridgement of a work like AT HOME IN MITFORD is like drinking flat ginger ale... or like eating at the Grill when Percy ain't cooking!
I'm not sure what I expected with The Catcher in the Rye, but it was a lot more than what I received.Going into the book, I knew little to nothing about the book except that it was a classic and Holden was supposed to be an icon. Maybe it is the fact that I'm 20 years past being a teenager, maybe it is that I got lost in the lingo of the 50s and maybe I just believed the hype too much, but I was severely disappointed. I did not like Holden in any way shape or form. I thought he was a whiner and the biggest phony of the bunch. I had no trouble with the drinking, or smoking or cussing, I just did not like him and can not recommend this book.
Hard to believe that someone could take one of the most dramatic events of the twentieth century and make it this mind-numbingly boring. Written with an overly verbose, convoluted style, it just never seemed to get to the  point. NOTE to future authors: three page end notes have a name - THEY'RE  CALLED CHAPTERS. The text reads like a caricature of a blabbering communist  from an old movie from the Fifties in Hollywood.
Upon first reading "What to Sell on eBay and Where to Get It," authors Lisa Suttora and Chris Malta seem genuine in their efforts to provide the eBay seller with legitimate sources for items to sell on this extremely competitive marketplace. It isn't apparent until you are well into the book, that the ulterior motive behind it all, is to drive you to the two web sites owned by the authors. At first, I was so impressed with the information that I was receiving, that it didn't bother me that I might have to sign up for both websites in order to actually utilize the information in the book. After all, Chris Malta and Lisa Suttora are two of only a hand full of certified eBay providers. How could I possibly go wrong by signing up for their services.First, I signed up for Chris Malta's, "Drop Ship Source Directory," at a one time cost of $69. While I have no question that Chris is an honest guy, and makes an all out effort to provide subscriber's with a plethora of wholesale distributors that are willing to drop ship, it soon becomes apparent that it is virtually impossible to find any drop shippers that can provide you with competitive enough pricing to make listing the product on eBay a profitable endeavor. After literally spending weeks looking through the entire list of drop shippers, and comparing closed auction prices on eBay, I have come to the conclusion that either drop shipping is not the way to run an eBay business, or the list of drop shippers that Chris Malta supplies is inadequate to help the eBay seller who wishes to use this method to run their eBay business. The web site is very difficult and time consuming to maneuver, and unless you have the patience to spend months searching for the niche drop shipper that will enable you to make money on eBay, I would stay away from this product. Malta also offers other wholesale product sourcing databases, but these are at extra cost. He now admits that it is best to use a combination of drop shippers and light bulk wholesalers when selling on eBay, however for many years, his Drop Ship Source Directory was touted by Malta as being "the source", for making a great living on eBay. Sorry Chris, but it no longer works.As for Lisa Suttora, I got sucked into signing up for her web site, "Whatdoisell.com, as well. While she provides a ton of information on how to go about selling on eBay, when it came down to actually researching her list of wholesale suppliers, I ran into the same quandary. I compared wholesale prices from product sources on her web site with prices for closed eBay auctions. In all cases, the prices for closed eBay auctions were either lower than what I could have purchased the items for, using her list of wholesalers, or the items had not sold at all. I canceled my $19.97 monthly subscription, as I found it to be useless. In addition, and even more troubling was the fact that I emailed Lisa Suttora several weeks before signing up to her web site subscription. I had a long list of questions and concerns. When I didn't hear back, I contacted one of her employees and asked if she had received my email. Her answer was an emphatic yes, however Lisa never bothered to get back to me. Rude behavior, to say the least.So, in review, there will be those who think this book is great, however, I am not one of them. Upon reading the book, if you are willing to look between the lines, you will discover that what you are being told is nothing more than an advertisement for the authors goods. If you follow up and purchase the goods, as I did, you will most likely be extremely disappointed with the results.
Bought for a class. Contains same info as any  text. Nothing new. Nothing innovative. Same old, same old. Pointless to review since no one who is not in school & required to buy will do so. blah blah blah
No wonder that an S&P; analyst has 7 "secrets" how to  beat the market. Cause if everyone invested in the index and got the market return, he would be out of job in a heartbeat.Interesting, that while proving adages like "invest in winners, let go of the losers" and the like, he tests his secretive rules on the past performance of the S&P500.; And conveniently forgets about the sacred adage "past performance is no guarantee of future results".With this one in mind, the whole book becomes worthless.I shall stick with investing in indexes.
The print is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it. Also there are several levels of definitions and codes you need to understand them. Get something simpler.
The view underlying this book is 10 years too old and total garbage! For a rational view of China and America, read my book: "Saving America, Chinese Style"! 3 points:(1) Democracy, as we know it today, does not work! (2) Overall, China's political system is slightly better than America's. (3) The students at Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989, did not know what they were doing. Thank God, they did not succeed!
This book is appalling. The authors' stated goal is to provide you with words (specifically verbs) that will engage and call your audience to action. It misses this goal by a wide margin. Almost on every page the authors demonstrate the gaping chasm between their goal and their competence to both follow through on execution and their understanding of the subject of communication. Raise your hand if "abreact" or "absquatulate" stirs the fire of your passion to do anything other than to look-up the definition - bear in mind we are only at words that begin with "ab". The book that has far fewer definitions than a typical dictionary and some verbs, such as "acculturate", warrant appearing twice; because they are so "powerful" in the authors' opinion one presumes. Some word are not even verbs, for example the supposed power verb "oil spot" has an example use as a noun: "Rhonda was a big fan, but to the band, she was just an oil spot they could leave at dinner."The authors' promise, in the initial pages, is to provide a dictionary of particularly evocative and stirring verbs with example usage in "power" contexts, but the authors quickly tire of this pretext and end up offering definitions that are either very short (sometimes 2 word), for example - "Amerce: punish; fine"; or redundant, for example - "Invocate: speak at an invocation." Aside from this laziness the word choices are dreadful. Who would consider awfulize and attitudinize "power" verbs?This book is a shameful waste of trees that the FT-Press should have been ashamed to publish and the authors should have realized would damage any professional credibility they had.
This is a boring reiteration of the Mckinsey Way. I am now moving onto the third book in the series. The beginning seems promising.If you are contemplating buying this book, my advice: don'tunless:1. You are pedantic and must have a complete collection2. You like wasting moneyI honestly do not see the value in this. Mckinsey way was ok, this is just a high end photocopy.
Well, after reading several other books, I find myself here writing a review. Mostly, I believe that I have spent my money in vain buying this book. I trade FX and stocks for a living, and I quickly found out the importance of discipline. Seeing that added discipline has improved my trading, I went on buying this book. In terms of what you can learn, is worthless--it boils down to ''the markets are not going to give you profits just because you've spent X hours analyzing''. It has an intrinsic value however: it can help you formulate your own thoughts.The more I trade, the more I think discipline cannot be learned from a book. I can tell you in this review my basic concept of discipline: plan your work, work your plan. But the fact is that you can read it over and over, and understand it, and still fail to implement it, and that there is actually no reason to buy a book. Douglas has a way of trying to analyze you without meeting you in person, and this will work if you are the average person. but if you are average, please give up trading!!! you will lose money, and time, and possibly someting far more precious like your husband/wife. If you commit to trade, you are resloved to become above average, and you need a book that shows you how is ''The art of contrarian trading'' from Futia (it is actually a book much more about market and individual psychology then on actual contrarian trading strategies), or even better, start a competitve sport--they require a lot of discipline to succed, and they offer you a way to relax mentally after a hard day trading. And do not make excuses why you cannot play a sport--if you do, you will make similiar excuses when trading, and that means money down the drainTo state it differently, Douglas and Futia tell pretty much the same thing with one difference: Douglas focuses on why you've failed, and Futia on how you'll succed.Aside from this, the book is highly unsystematic, and repeats itself quite a lot.IMHO, to learn discipline, play a sport with full commitment, and remember well each time you try to make an excuse for yourself and rationalize things; if you still want to read something about discipline in trading, go with Futia, he'll tell you how you will no longer be average.
How disappointing to think you are getting a full size book, and then to receive a miniature copy with print so small I cannot read it.  The description I noted was that this was a book in good condition, and I'll grant you it is, but if you cannot see the words what good is it ....not just me by the way, my fifteen year old granddaughter said she'd need a magnifying glass to get through this book ....I feel cheated on this one ...
This book purports to be a system for achieving greatness in your life. The author has apparently been an important figure in the life coaching world, especially in the realm of sports.While I was hopeful that this might be interesting, it was disappointing. There is much of value in the book, but mostly the words of others, such as Nelson Mandela and Helen Keller.The material is good, with perhaps a bit too much emphasis on sports anecdotes (for me anyway). There isn't a readily apparent plan to the presentation of the material - it seems to be a hodge-podge of ideas that are not coherently put together. The progression from one topic to another does not flow or lead the reader in any way. There is no "system" presented, it is just a collection of self-help ideas without any real focus or continuity of process.Also, many of the anecdotes seem incomplete - the story is told, but they too often left me feeling "what's the point here?" "What do you mean?" There is no follow-up to clearly state the lesson the author intended, or to tie things together.It is sometimes contradictory - for example, in one part we are told to "plant grass and ignore the weeds." In another part, we are told to concentrate on pulling the weeds with dedication. Which is right?I did enjoy the pencil parable from the Twelve Step programs, as I had not heard it before. Other than that, almost all of the lessons in here are better presented in other works.
Simply did not like it and some of the language was beyond tacky! Felt I wasted time I'll never get back.
I had been waiting to read this book for years, sure that it would be a great read whenever I felt that i really needed something that was substantial but enjoyable too. I have read a third of it and find it impossible to move on, even though I am one of those people that likes to finish what I start. (You can probably tell by some of the more mediocre books that I have reviewed).in this book I have not gotten interested in the main characters, the twins, just somewhat interested in Hemalata and Ghosh and just ran out of patience to wait where the story is going to take us. Maybe I'll pick it up again one day and all of a sudden it will click and I will rewrite this review, but for now, this is not for me.
Binchy happens to be my favorite author but this novel was truly disappointing.Yes,it had it's moments but overall it's was not very pleasing.I would'nt recommend this as a novel by binchy to read first.It would discourage you to read others which are mostly very good.Instead I would go with Tara Road,Circle of Friends,Evening Class or my fav-The Glass Lake.It was uneventful until nearly the end.Binchy is known for a slow beginning but Echoes just never seemed to get very good.
I had to use this textbook for a c++ programming class that I took online.  The book lacks good explanations, inadequate examples and suffers from an overly ambitious scope.  The kindle version did not give any access to the online component of the book  Highly unethical on the part of the publisher since the cost was the same.  I found myself turning to youtube instructional videos in order to understand the course work.  If you don't have to buy this book for a course, I would recommend you find another c++ text to learn from.
Imagine this for a plot:Unable to withstand his immense popularity with young, married women in Europe, and heartily bored of his work, the misunderstood aging Artist flees to Africa.  He wanders up the Congo before settling down at a leper colony, where the quaint Catholic missionaries adopt him into their fold and allow him to be himself:  moody, introspective, and manly.Soon, a parade of jealous fools makes him their hero, until a young woman married to an expatriate factory manager falls in love with the Artist, liver spots and all.  Hijinks ensue, and the Artist withstands the rigors of public scrutiny by retreating into stoic posturing.I won't reveal the end.Basically, if it weren't for Greene's skillful prose, this book would be an absolute stinker.  As it is, it earns only 2 stars.  I recommend this book only to die-hard Greene fans.  For those looking for a better Greene novel, start with "The Quiet American," which is an excellent book.
This is hardly a "big book" of customer service; it's more like a cheesy, small book of stupidity. The "games" are described inaccurately with words such as "active, fun, high energy" (to paraphrase), when in fact the "games" are word searches, fill in the blanks, and other single user, paper and pencil, kindergarden level time wasters. The teacher or trainer is supposed to use certain pages for "overheads," whatever those are. I'm guessing this book is so old (and therefore so out of date) that overheads were something in use prior to the invention of the computer. Finally, the drawings are as immature and poorly rendered as the lack of thought, lack of creativity, and lack of usefulness that is characteristic of this entire book. I returned it, and regret that I have to pay return shipping charges; I am that dissatisfied with this purchase. If you really want a great CS book, get "Secret Service" by John DiJulius (founder of John Roberts Hair). That book is everything this book purports to be, and more. John is intelligent, observant, a great communicator, and he doesn't treat the trainer or the learner like a grammar school class. His book is 5 stars; this book is less than zero.
(...) this book was an incredible disappointment. First of all, it wasn't funny. At all. I don't think it's possible to describe exactly how not-funny it was. Just stringing together as many British slang words as you can think up and adding the occasional reference to "knickers" and "snogging" to keep readers interested does not make good humor.  It doesn't make any humor. This book reads like a glorified laundry list. "Got up. Snogged Sex God. He is so Sex Godly. I think my eyebrows are hairy. Boo-hoo. Parents suck. Sister sucks. Best friend sucks. Everyone sucks. I want to die." I understand that Rennison isn't exactly going for depth here but if comedy's what she's trying for, where is it? I didn't laugh (or smile) once.Then of course, there's the ridiculous "heroine", the "stupid" best friend and the big, bad parents. Aren't books supposed to attempt to make you like the hero/heroine? Georgia is not only the most dislikable snot I've ever read about or met in my life but also so one-dimensional, it's almost (almost is the key word here) funny. Is she not capable of human emotion (except for the passing urge to snog her Sex Godly boyfriend)? How can she possibly hate her parents, her best friend and her sister at the same time?!?! And the constant fussing about her eyebrows, her lips, her nose, her...everything is beyond annoying: it's just silly after a point. The relentless barrage of redundant diary entries that are the exact same things with some words interchanged are not very amusing either.. And don't give me the "Oh but you're probably a bitter old lady with seventy-five cats who doesn't understand the complex inner-workings of the teenage mind." I'm 13 years old and I've never met a teenager (or for that matter, a human) who is nothing more than a one-sided mishmash of arrogance, ignorance and materialism. Georgia is nothing more than a disgustingly obvious teenage sterotype, sugar-coated with lots of snogging and underwear references. Oh yeah, and it's BORING--the cardinal sin of teen fiction. Teenage girls can do better than this. A lot better.
I wanted to like this book more than I did. Having admitted that, I feel lacking in literary taste. Kind of like when I like an outfit on Project Runway and the judges rant about how tasteless and tacky it is.Hill House is beautifully written and very descriptive and I could envision the landscape, the house and the characters. That all came alive for me. I could even feel the moody, somber hills close around on me. I could envision the fields they walk through and almost taste the summer air around me. I think the spooky parts were definitely spooky. How the house trapped and tricked them. Sometimes it seems very subtle and sometimes the house practically assaults them.I could see the characters. The desperation of Eleanor, the self centeredness of Theo, the humor of Mrs. Montague. I found their banter in the face of the strangeness of the house funny and I understood it as a type of defense. But honestly, I didn't really like the characters that much. Dr. Montague seems kindly and I liked Mrs. Montague and found her refreshing and ridiculous, but I never connected to anyone. I thought that Eleanor and Theo were especially odd. I didn't really like Eleanor and I felt sorry for her as well. She seems to be very phony or she just doesn't have her own identify. Maybe it's a bit of both. She thinks about every action she takes, worries excessively about what the others think of her and strives to present a persona that will make her more appealing.The house is a character as well, one I found more intriguing than the flesh and blood ones. It has solid foundations but is misleading. The proportions are off, its layout is odd, it is off center and off balance. It has power over all the players, more strong in some than others.  It's history is interesting and at times sad which may contribute to its influence on the inhabitants, past and present.I think the questions the story brings about are interesting. Did the house drive Eleanor mad, use its influence on her, or was she a little bit mentally ill to start with?I understand that this is an important book and I do understand why. It's a complicated story with many things to look at and analyze: psychology, behavior, relationships and yes even paranormal activity.  Maybe if I was reading it with someone else or within a class setting I could have learned more than I got out of it, or have seen differing opinions.  However, I really just wanted to finish it so I could move on.
Marin Amis has said that writing comes easily to him, and he is undoubtedly a wordsmith.  One who likes a wonderfully spun phrase, metaphor, or description (and probably already an Amis fan) is going to love this book.  One who is more of a tradtional reader, who is interested in a unique insight, an engaging story, and affecting characters will be left shrugging their shoulders.  I am the latter.The plot follows film producer John Self on his travels between NY and London; and we get to watch all of the room service, hangovers, women, and money that make up those travels.  Like all tales of 80's greed; money, alcohol, drugs, and sex are unfulfilling; but it is those things that the charcters continue to turn to.  Self narrates the novel and it is he that reflects on this lifestyle.  Thus, the novel is quite literally filled with "Self" loathing.  Self says, "Money, I must put money round me, more money, soon.  I must be safe."  But the strip clubs and hangovers are more boring than seedy (the shortcoming about which I was most surprised), and Self is more pathetic than anything.I don't think that there is any pretence of this being a plot driven novel, so I won't waste any criticism here.  The novel relies on Amis' pen, but it can be surprisingly dull.  Even the passages I enjoyed, and there were many, were more clever than insightful.  But his cleverness is overextendedand thus, he has moments where he is reduced to describing Self's moral make-up in a way that a teen-angst rock band might.  "I am made of - junk, I'm just junk" would fit nicely into any Korn song.By the end of the novel, his moral weakness has not been overcome.  Rather, Self is exhausted.  He predictable ruins an opportunity of having a real relationship and settles for another with no enthusiasm.  An so, too, the novel ends with no energy, despite a few bits of ecstatic prose.Maybe the this book is a victim of a theme that has been exploited and exhausted in a number of books and films; namely, the excess of the 1980s.  But if this was a great book, it would stand apart from the others, it would sound unique.  It does not, and I will forget it.  About midway through the novel, Self, as the narrator, states, "Points of a journey do not matter when the journey has no destination, only and end."  An ironic insight, indeed.  There is no change, no destination, only exhaustion as an end. Thus, "Money" doesn't matter.
Other reviews have said a lot about this novel: it's screwed up, it's disgusting, it's a masterpiece, it's powerful......the only thing I have to say about it really is that it's bloody boring.Yes, a couple of kids decide to bury their dead mum in some concrete in a trunk in the basement. Yes, it's narrated by a slovenly, grotty, 15 year old boy who seems to be prone to violence and sexual behaviour. Yes, there's some weird incesty bits mixed in. But did it disturb me? No. I didn't really get the point behind it, and thus, to me, it was just a series of odd random occurrences that left very little impact upon me as a reader. This 'novel' seemed to drone on and on, rehashing the same points and occurrences over and over in slightly different scenarios; I was completely apathetic towards the characters, none of whom I felt I ever actually got to know.I'll be brutally honest - I wouldn't recommend it. It wasn't what I expected, and was a complete waste of the last 2 hours of my life.
This novel reads like a perverted retelling of and expansion on Julian Gloag's Our Mother's House (1963), which was disturbing enough on its own.  Both novels were critically well-regarded in their times, and both are/were skillfully written and highly upsetting.  Has McEwan ever commented on Gloag's fiction?
I really wanted to like this book, I really did.  Terse and sometimes difficult prose, drug flavored stream of consciousness, and heaping allusions to The Odyssey and pulp comic book heroes.  At first the book seemed perfect for me, but not unpredictably Richard Farina's creative well was poisoned by the usual dose of misogyny.  Usually I can stand some cognac in my literature, but in this case it felt as if there was more poison than water.  Been Down is a frustrating book, where Farina's hatred of women overcomes, strangles, shoots, poisons, and drowns out any of his natural talent.Been Down follows Gnossos Pappadopoulis as he navigates his way through college while the whiteheads of the sixties rebellion make their way through his circle of friends.  Early on he seduces an engaged woman who quickly falls in love with Gnossos.  Why?  I have no clue because the description of the "seduction" veers precariously close to date rape.  It is easily the least erotic love scene I've read.  When the seduced woman informs her fianc&eacute; that she is in love with Gnossos, he ends up committing suicide.  A paragraph of regret later and Gnossos is back to his old ways.Gnossos eventually gets bitten by the love bug when he meets Kristin (of course, if you've read the novel you'll know that's not the only bug he gets bitten by).  This gives Farina the opportunity to delve into some drug induced conversation and scenes.  The first psychedelic set piece is rather successful, and it involves Farina describing a dream where he encounters a wolf.  It actually plays rather well by taking the form of an allegory but denying the reader any strict one-to-one metaphor.  This strong passage is offset by another psychedelic piece involving a demonic monkey.  Yes, you read that right.  It's funny for all the wrong reasons, and the only way I was able to get past these passages was by imagining the evil monkey that lives in Chris Griffin's closet on The Family Guy.  (I took a similar approach in getting through Wuthering Heights by imagining that Joseph was the spitting image of Groundskeeper Willie).Well, it goes without saying that Gnossos' love ends when they have a falling out, she becomes pregnant but decides to rid herself of the child, and, naturally, at the end of the book Gnossos ends up forcibly giving her a heroin suppository.  Once again, you read that correctly.  There are more subtle examples of Farina's misogyny, but you have to admit he saved the most flagrant for the finale.At one point Kristin asks Gnossos if he ever gets tires "thinking about stuff all the time."  This line is second only to the demonic monkey in unintentional humor.  If you've ever wondered why so many progressive hippies became straight laced businessmen or fanatic evangelicals, then I have two untested observations.  First, for a certain age group being a hippie was the norm, and for many was merely conformity to a subculture (Charles Manson comes to mind).  Second, many just could not escape the lifestyle their parents had raised them in since birth.  A summer of love can't quite overcome a childhood filled with gender roles.  Farina suffers from the latter and it is readily apparent in Been Down.It's a shame that Richard Farina dies so young, because at times you can see the talent peeping out of this novel.  The prose can be really strong and unique, but unfortunately Farina suffers from an immaturity that is beneath his years.  I can sense that a good book was in him if he has survived.  Perhaps by the time he was sixty he would have written a novel with the insight of a thirty-year-old?
This was a horrible book.  While I think the rest of his books are follow a specific formula and are kind of repetitive in some ways I was begging for that feature in this book.  The book is slow, and pointless.  If you must read this book then please check it out from the library and save your money.  I have enjoyed most of Mr. Grishman's book but this one was a big dissapointment.  He needs to stick with what works, books about legal issues, regular fiction is not his game.
&quot;Airframe&quot; is probably Michael Crichton's weakest novel.  As usual, the author shows to have done extensive research, but it seems as if the book was being specifically tailored to fit a future movie version.  Worse, if you've read &quot;Disclosure&quot; or &quot;Rising Sun&quot; it's  easy to predict the ending from the opening pages.Nevertheless,  &quot;Airframe&quot; does keep the pages turning.  It may be a  cookie-cutter style novel, but at least it's fun.  Crichton fans will be  disappointed, but those new to his work may get a fresher read.
Without the hype, I wouldn't have even finished it. As the reputation precedes it though, I had to give it a chance. The style was so challenging, I found it hard to enjoy the reading process. There is much more to the novel than can be obtained in one reading, but I have very little desire to read it again. A quandary.This book was suggested by a book club, and did yield some interesting discussion, so I guess it succeeded on that level. I know that whatever I gained from the book was largely derived from study notes. That makes me suspicious of its actual ability to communicate its message, leading me to remark that the book was a 'lengthy companion to literary aids'.
I'm a re-reader.  I have favorite books that I have read countless times.  I actually wear out books over the years and have to replace them.  Great books hold up to endless perusal and digestion.This book doesn't hold up.  The first time I read it, I was curious as to how things came out, though I found that I was skimming many parts of it, where it bogs down in long descriptions of people dancing, lists of punk rock bands, the ingredients in food people are eating, untranslated quotations from French and German literature, a boring and lengthy description of a pool game, description after description of clothing Henry gets hold of after he's time travelled and ended up somewhere naked, conversations that do nothing to advance character or plot.  This book gets tedious - very tedious.Upon re-reading, I just absolutely hate every character in the book with the exception of the old Korean lady who was Henry's friend throughout his childhood - and she is such a stereotype that it's cringe-worthy.  Henry, the time traveler, alternates between thinking he's a big tough guy and being a whiny poop who brings a lot of his own misery on himself.  Clare is a big nothing, basically - she's a creation of Henry's through their years' long association as he meets her when she's a child and he's a time traveling adult.  Their friends, Gomez and Charisse are just embarrassing as "marxists" who are really hypocritical wanna-be yuppie types with the requisite filthy house and precocious and obnoxious kids.  Alba, Clare and Henry's child, is simply awful - a true "modern" kid who does all kinds of obnoxious things like chanting "milkshake, milkshake, milkshake" over and over in a restaurant while her indulgent nothing of a mother, Clare, apparently doesn't have the sense to tell her to shut up and have some consideration of others.The selfishness of Henry and particularly, of Clare, is a true turn off.  After all the misery that time traveling has brought both of them, Clare is still bound and determined that she is going to have a baby with Henry, even when they know that his condition is genetic and her child will probably be afflicted with the same disease - that the child will pop in and out of time, turning up who knows where naked and defenceless.  This is supposed to be a loving mother?  Sorry, Clare, with her weakness and her lack of initiative in anything but making paper and feeling sorry for herself, is a super turn off.Add to that multiple descriptions of miscarriages where Clare, after having bled copiously enough to have been unconscious, is somehow able to locate a fetus in all the blood and mess and cradle it in her palm before burying it in the backyard with all her other miscarried fetuses (apparently the author isn't able to do research, you aren't just allowed to bury fetuses in your backyard, there are graveyards for that).  Add to that a description of 15 year old Henry and his time travelling 15 year old self having sex with each other - how's that for nauseating?  Add to that endless loooooong descriptions of Clare making paper in her studio, apropros of nothing but a chance for the author, an artist, to describe her craft - truly snore-worthy.  Add to that the repeated descriptions of one character's, Celia's, voice as "like butter", "caramel", "toffee" - how redundant - okay we know she has a rich gooey voice, so what?  What does that have to do with anything?  Once is enough!  This is a lesson this author could learn - how many times do we need to read about Clare scrubbing her durn paper molds or Henry loving punk rock and the subsequent listing of bands or have Gomez chain smoking described?  Once for all this stuff is enough, but apparently this author thinks such triva and drek is fascinating enough to bring it up again and again.Worst of all, for a "romance", the descriptions of sex are really clunky and devoid of any essence of emotion or feeling - all just description of what they do with their genitalia, using only four letter words.  For such intellectuals, Henry and Clare apparently never got their brains out of the gutter when it came to their sexual relationship.  And must the reader be subjected to a three page conversation between them about how they have so much sex?  The sex scenes are not sexy at all, but embarrassing and irritating.  I honestly don't know many women who consistently use the words f*** and c*** when referring to their own sex lives, but Clare doesn't seem to know any other terms.  It's just ugly and vulgar, not romantic at all.  It creaks. There is no love, just a great rubbing of parts.As far as being science fiction, the only thing I can see that's particularly wondrous is how Henry, who is employed by the Newberry Library, manages to keep the job for years and years even though he's always late, unshaven, unbathed, hung over, doesn't show up for scheduled duties due to his time traveling and is frequently caught wandering around naked in the stacks of books because he has just returned from time traveling.  Now honestly, how long would someone behaving in such a way keep their job?  We're supposed to believe this?  It's almost as hard to swallow as Clare's descriptions of her sex acts with words she learned from bathroom walls.The actual explanation of Henry's time traveling is just so strained and stupid that it's laughable and it's not believable - and science fiction should be convincing enough to make you believe the impossible can happen.  This book doesn't manage at all.It's not a keeper.  It doesn't hold up beyond that first curiosity to see what happens.
I picked up this book expecting a story about a mature teenager who is trying to find her "bloomabilities". But I think i had the wrong expectations. This book lost me within the first 50  or so pages. There were too many characters and i felt the story moved too quickly. I just don't think this was the book for me, but younger teens will probably like it better than i did.
Saul Bellow is a good writer, but the character he writes about is boring, self centered and prone to long rants of "word salad" tangents. I had to read this book for my book club, and it was painful!
When I received and opened the book I immediately noticed that the print font was very small which made reading this book a challenge.Not only was it a challenge to read because of the font size but the content was not that great. I have read many books on the conscious and sub conscious mind and this book had the least substance of them all.I don't think I will read this book again or recommend it to a friend or family.
The original book is almost always better that any movie rendition of the same work, but in this case I actually liked the movie better.  Moggach's characters are unlikeable and tedious, and the story is almost unpleasant to read.
I read this book and was fasinated. I saw the movie and wondered why they left out the final correspondence which seemed to be pivital to the death of the head mistress. After further investigation, even though the forward leads you to beleive that this was a real incident, this did not happen nor did anything like this happen. Even the begining of the movie suggests that this book was based on real events. Sort of disappointing. However it is a quick and worthwhile read.
I love Harris' work -- all of it.  But do him a favor DON'T BUY THIS BOOK.  &quot;Red Dragon/Manhunter&quot;, &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; were classics -- both book and movie.  The 1st 1/2 of Hannibal was looking good with plot twists and characters galore.  At some point, I think Harris either sold out or got bored.In his effort to explain the tragedy of Hannibal Lector, Harris tried to make him a hero whilst still carrying fatal and unredeemable flaws.  It doesn't work.  I wanted to throw the book across the room when I finished.Please Thom, explain to us what you did here.-Mike
Pay attention that this book is an abridged edition. When we got to our book discussion group this evening, we found that we had completely wasted our time reading it because we didn't have the Foreword and Introduction, therefore we didn't realize it was satire and a parody. I cannot understand why the publisher would publish an abridged edition of this book.
Grisham's latest legal thriller is far from thrilling. I was pleasantly surprised to see it set in Clanton, MS where 'Time to Kill' was set and happily surprised to see the character of Harry Rex brought back. I was disappointed that Grisham made no mention of Jake from 'Time to Kill' and hugely disappointed in the characters and plot of this novel. The story line is very familiar. In fact, I'd skip this one and read, 'A Simple Plan' by Scott Smith instead. It's better written than the 'Summons'. Also, I recommend Brad Meltzer's 'The Millionaires' as an alternative with a similiar plot as well.This book just didn't seem to go anywhere and the ending....well, the ending. It just ended. Just like that.Thanks for reading!~Pandora
This narrator spends the whole book niggling over a very small story--whether or not he ever gets into a certain girl's pants.  A kiss provides a firestorm of indignation; that's how far the world have moved on since this was written.  It might have been great in 1953; now it is tedious.  Sorry, Kingsley.
This book reads like a movie script. Coincidence? I think not! I have studied quantum physics quite a bit, which is what led me to this book, but the physics the author describes belongs to a different universe or something because I've never heard of them. For example: It is revealed that these characters dont actually travel back in time - they travel to an alternate universe. But they find an object that belonged to their time travelling professor when he lost it 600 years before. I would think that if he was in an alternate universe, noone would find this object, because it wouldnt exist in this universe. Also: In the book, it is also revealed that time paraoxes dont exist. (where's the fun in that?) But these people, when they travel back in time (or whatever) they're not allowed to carry any modern equipment with them. In fear that they might interfere with the culture or alter history or something - I forget which. This book is so contradictory to itself that I lost track.In summary, I'll say that I cared not for any of these characters... The quantum physics in this book are WRONG... And with the removal of time paradox theories, the story was just plain boring. I hope the movie is better. It almost has to be.
This is an excellent book for a second course in mechanics, or first course if you are well prepared and have certain scientific maturity. This book is the international version for India -- thin paper, poor binding, like you can read the page from the other side. Definitely not worth the price.
Farnoosh Torabi writes for the younger generation.  There's a lot of advice in her book like, if you want to buy something expensive, such a house, you have to save for it.  But, there's not a lot of information about how to do it.  Torabi fills her chapters with life stories to engage the reader that they too can go through a rough patch and come out the other end ok.  Basically, Torabi gives herself a pep talk throughout the book and hopes it will help the reader.  There's not a lot of substance to this book.  There's no real psyching going on either.  It's just plain, basic advice that if you want to be financially solvent, then spend within your means, save money, and don't over extend your credit.Maybe the spoiled rich young adults that Torabi identifies with need this kind of advice, but if you are used to supporting yourself and picking yourself up by your boot straps and trudging through when times are tough, you don't need Torabi's pep talk, you need some solid advice about finances and how to turn a poor financial portfolio into a solid one when the Country is dealing with dismal unemployment, the stock market keeps crashing and people are foreclosing on their homes in record numbers.  There's really no new advice in this book, unless you are a high school student in need of your first ever talk about how to control your finances as you go away to college, then some of what Torabi writes about might be helpful.
I enjoyed various things in the book, but the ending is really terrible: lots of loose ends, unsatisfying, etc. Wish he had been able to bring it off...
I purchased this book after seeing that it received some great reviews from other Amazon customers. Basically, I did not enjoy the book very much. I found the main character, Sophy, to be annoying. She appeared to be sloppy, bitchy and the constant mention of her "wobbly bits" made me sick to my stomach. The escort/love interest charcter Josh/Dominic was very underdeveloped, as was the "best friend" character of Alix.The book was very slow until the last few chapters when it finally got interesting. I spent a lazy weekend in my apt reading this book. It was a quick read, but I got the feeling that at any point I could just toss it aside and not give a crap about what happened to any of the characters.
I read this book several years ago, as it was recommended to me. I find it disturbing that such a book , by a so called professional in mental health, is still available.I don't think I actually got to the end of the book, as I was astounded at the author's lack of professionalism in dealing with his patients, and his lack of logic or consistency in labelling them "evil".  The "evil" patients were depressed, dysfunctional, mentally ill , narcissistic, manipulative, and unpleasant,  but with the exception of the couple who gave their son a suicide weapon for his birthday, most people would not label them evil. The one thing they seemed to have in common was that the author didn't like them. The author's role as a mental health professional should have been to help these people ( or at least attempt to do so.) Instead he seemed to spend a lot of time dismissing them as "hopeless", branding them " evil" and getting intoxicated.The problem seems to be that the author couldn't decide whether he was a mental health worker or an exorcist. The two are mutually exclusive.
Presented here in seriatim, are basic introductions to a number of isolated and completely unrelated topics in physics. Compared to the "REA Problem Solver on Physics;" the old standby, the "Schaum Outline Series on Physics;" or indeed my favorite on these topics "The Transnational College of LEX series," the DeMYSTiFieD Series is comfortably pulling up the rear.After having read seven of the series, so far, all of the signs are that the material in them seems to have been "culled" from the bottom of better summary and introductory sources.But giving credit where some is surely due, at least this volume has some very good and useful graphics and diagrams that tend to bring home the most basic points of some of the key elements of physics.That of course is all to the good. However, in trying to make the substance "overly" accessible, the author has reached so low as to bleach out everything but the most elementary of the basic concepts and ideas.As Einstein is reputed to have said about theorizing: "We should make it simple, but no simpler than necessary." Here, Physics has been made much simpler than necessary. So much so that one loses any sense of wholeness to the subject matter itself.What's the point of studying physics if you can't ever hope to understand its more advanced concepts like Relativity and Quantum Mechanics, etc.? This volume starts so low, that even when it ends it is still well off the low end of the charts. This is especially unforgivable in an era where there is so much excitement in the field of physics. Too much time is spent providing background on elementary mathematics, which is never shown to be useful later on anyway.There are easy ways to introduce difficult materials, just as there are difficult ways to avoid introducing them. The DeMYSTiFieD Series seems to have chosen the latter approach.If as is the case in most of the DeMYSTiFieD Series, the subjects are only intended to be the most basic and elementary of introductions, the authors should say so up front.Again, I am thoroughly disappointed, but two stars for the graphics.
Supposedly this book is transcendant, according to the quote from the New York Times on the back.  I do agree that it's original, which is about the only good thing I can say about it.I think it's trying to be all stylistic and symbolic and thereby meaningful, but it just ends up as far too stupid and simplistic.  I wasn't moved; I was annoyed.
I think Elizabeth Berg is a brilliant writer, but this one is a snorer.  One reviewer says "Berg didn't make the character feel sorry for herself . . ."  Excuse me?  Are we reading the same book?  Perhaps it's because I couldn't finish it, but during my reading ALL Sam did was feel sorry for herself!  She was pathetic, no personality, no pride.  She begged David to come back, for chrissake!  I wanted to slap her.  But I didn't want it enough to finish the book.
I've grown tired of books that promise to tell you something new, something even interesting, but then only deliver what is already known and obvious to anyone who has given the subject enough forethought to have come to a decision they want to know more. The title promise quite a lot! I guess that should have been my first warning, but I just thought it was trying to be cute and clever.  But inside, this book states nothing but the obvious. There is simply no meat to it, nothing here to chew on, nothing to think about, nothing to practice, nothing... unless perhaps you've been living in a cave.
I just finished reading this book and if I didn't have to read it for my book club, I never would have read to the end.  Very boring, tedious and too much detail.  I literally skipped 30-40 pages when Robbie was fighting in the war.  I never felt like I got to know the characters.  We know Briony commits a terrible crime and it's supposed to change her life.  But the author doesn't show us how her life was changed. He jumps from when she's 18 to the age of 77 and we don't know how she lived her life in between.  I was a bit angry as I read the story because I felt I was wasting my time.  To me, the story was pointless and when I finished, I wondered, who cares?
Very dissapointed,big fan of Robert Harris and loved Imperium Lustrum and Pompeii. his latest Fear Factor was good as well. Selling Hitler was Non-Fiction so that may appeal to some.
Ridiculous, depressing, and too boring to finish.I bought this because it was held up as an example of good distopian fiction, but it seems to have no heart or soul or aspirations or ideals.
This is one of those books for which I wish I could give 2 1/2 stars.On the positive side, Sonna gives an enlightening history of how the 'readiness theory' of potty training evolved. We shouldn't be surprised that the motivation for it was economic--Dr. T. Berry Brazelton's study promoting the theory was funded by Proctor and Gamble, makers of Pampers, back in the early 1960's. Society's collective swallowing of this theory has been highly profitable for the makers of disposable diapers, as the age of training keeps getting later and later.Every once in a while, Sonna provides helpful pointers as to how to handle the 'hows' of early training, such as how to respond to accidents. However, I think the average family would likely find intiating training with newborns patently ridiculous, as well as much of Sonna's psychobabble.She blames Christians and Victorians for making us all 'hung up' on eliminating waste and advocates that we allow our children to run around naked. I'm not opposed to a limited amount of 'naked time' for a young child, but I can't live with the implications of a terminally unclothed baby or toddler who is not fully potty trained zooming all over my house. Additionally, Sonna goes off on this absurd diatribe about how we're going to communicate negative associations to our children by only touching their genitals during bathtime. ??? I don't usually touch my child's ears except when cleaning them. Is he going to develop hearing difficulties as a result? Sadly, the book is peppered throughout with similar absurdities.I agree with other reviewers that Sonna's understanding of cloth diapering is terribly outdated. We use cloth and find it to be pretty easy. We use fitted diapers with velcro tabs and wash every third day. The labor and 'yuck' factor are both pretty minimal, and we have had no problems with diaper rash or leaking.I'd say 'Early Start Potty Training' is worth a read if you borrow it from the library, but I wouldn't spend money on it. 'Diaper Free Before 3' by Dr. Jill Lekovic, MD is a far more reasonable read.
It's a good little story, but it's too black and white.  No grey area in the land of the mice/cheese maze.I think there are better books to read out there on how to handle life.  Keep this for a quick read if you need to find something to read (ie: bathroom), but don't read this and expect your whole view on life to change.The drawings of Hee and Haw are cute though.
This book has an interesting thesis, unfortunately, it is riddled with inconsitancy and pseudo science.  The first couple of chapters deal with the evolution of the human brain.  However, Shlain doesn't have the foggiest idea about what evolution is or how it works.The concept is good and I think that their might be a case for a less sweeping version of it.  But this book isn't worth the time.
Yes, there is always something compelling about the intersection between modern man and the mystery of the exotic/primitive, but Bellow does a great job covering it up with a contrived plot and an unlikeable character.  The force of Mr. Henderson's personality -- which features most prominently his awareness of the force of his own personality -- obscurces any genuine rumination on the clash of cultures or the process of self-discovery that purport to be the novel's underlying themes.  Henderson is swaddled in stiltled, pretentious dialog, and he shares company with charicatures of native African tribespeople.  Worst of all, Henderson is forced by his author to cope with lame allegories (a botched explosion of irritating frogs haunts Hendreson above all else), and he appears as a fool with no underlying moral to share.  Characters do not, of course, need to be pleasant to be worth reading about, but neither Henderson nor his adventures offer any clear redeeming qualities -- he is just a collection of unexplained ideosyncracies and sarcastic remarks that are at once self-depricating and self-aggrandizing.  Finally, Bellow's prose rarely rises above servicable, an unforgivable fault even if it is a first-person narrative.
I must not be cool or smart (or high) enough.  I tried hard to like this book but just couldn't follow it.  I get that he is deconstructing language and all that but...  Meh.
No one ever went broke underestimating their own inherent rudeness, and over-estimating that of others with little knowledge of them. We may live in a rude society, but there are deep reasons for this. And Ockham's Razor would indicate quickly that the simplest answer is lack of presumed privacy. Privacy means not only giving other's their own space, but also not presuming on their psychological space or, worse metaphysical space, as it were. This lady Amy Alkon seems to be the avatar of precisely tis sort of deep rudeness. Dipping into her writings as much as I can stand, one instantly sees a mind in love with its own insights, and with nary an historical notion that could gainsay whatever instant cure she has cooked up. They range from the true but trivial solutions like doing things that are nice for people in your neighborhood (wow-thanks for that sage insight) to instantly being able to diagnose  the inner rationale for the rudeness of people in Volvos with yoga mats. (She thinks she has Jane Austen's insights as she bops around LA apparently)  The essential quality in courtesy day-to-day has always been the existential space given to others in not laying easy judgments on them in a serious way. We do not know the content of other people's thinking really, all we can diagnose is their behavior or expresion. But Amy Alkon believes otherwise. She is sure she knows, and in that lies a kind of fatuous rudeness that is entertaining only to idiots, or to people sitting on toilets, which is where most of the papers she writes for get read. Or while drunk.In addition, she tries to ape the natural rudeness of the young herself, for entertainment purposes. The young are naturally rude in some way because they do not understand yet the difficulty of being old or even just middle-aged, and all the physical compromise that goes a long with it. But this lady, knows  and tries to rudely capitalize  her young  audience's time-sensitive lack of compassion, reading articles  in throw- away papers (with lots of hot chicks' pictures in the back ; no doubt some being trafficked!-- great place to be doling out advice!). She assures them in this book that "granny" is more rude than they. Yet Amy Alkon is not exactly young, and yet anachronistically apes the insouciance of those in their salad days. Similarly, in an article in (gulp!) Psychology Today she involves herself in a wan defense of the standards of the hot, as she sees it. I am sure this goes over real well for someone who writes advice where they are turning tricks on the back page of the paper too. She is rude to so many women, but the rudeness works precisely because she mirrored the natural rudeness of those much younger than she. It is pardonable in the young; but not for a woman in her late forties.  But someone her age (born in '64, like myself  as well) should be well beyond such personal anachronisms. That she is not, and gets any sort of audience, is one of the best proofs of the untold rudeness of this society. That rudeness consists  ultimately of the half-baked who preach.  Thus, I think this lady does as much for the  dark crevices of rudeness in this society  as the TSA does for safety.
I used to give a book 100 pages to suck me in.  Now, it's 50.  I tried with this one but I just couldn't do it. Not all books need an intro, I prefer books that dive right into the characters and the story and I don't have to figure out later how it all ties together.Once the book got into the main characters, it improved but I was already mentally checked out so I stopped reading.  I am sure for many people, they will love this book.  It just wasn't my cup of tea.
I wish I would have looked at the lousy reviews on this book, and the overall 2.5 star rating before I gave up at page 150; if I had done that, I would have stopped at page 75.  What's annoying is that there's a good story here and the author can write, but Grossman is one of those writers who likes writing so much that he meanders around and lets the otherwise interesting plot get lost until I got so bored I couldn't continue.  The real mystery is the three pages of great reviews on the first few pages of the book.
I was really excited about this book but found a very poor constructive story - but had decent writing. Finished about half the book but never got into it.
(zero-star review)So Luther and Nora Krank decide to skip Christmas one year.  Why not?  Their daughter's grown up and far away; why NOT just skip the nuisance and take a cruise?Thus begins Grisham's attempt at a seasonal fable of pseudo-Dickensian proportions... and this is pretty much where it fizzles, too.  You see, everything goes wrong for the Kranks (maybe you could have guessed it would from their names!), with the whole thing ending in a debacle I won't reveal in case you do decide to waste your time reading this thing.This annoying little book amounts to little more than a tract for peace, joy and goodwill among men -- as expressed in the only way Grisham apparently sees fit:  with a tree and lights and an electric Frostie propped up on your roof.Grisham's smeared-thick moralism might not be out of place in a seasonal sermon, but in a book targeted for popular consumption... well, like every heavy, super-sticky, rich meal I've ever eaten, it just didn't seem to sit right.I could handle A Painted House; honest, I could.  I'd love to support Grisham's attempts to burst out of the apparently-oppressive mold his best-selling legal thrillers have imprisoned him in.  But I can't vouch for Skipping Christmas for the plain & simple reason that it stinks.Believe it or not, Christmas isn't all about big parties, bright trees, presents and carols.  It's not even all about family and love.  For Christians, it's about the birth of a messiah who brought God's message of hope to a pagan world.And for us non-Christians...?  Well, Christmas is a time when we hope our Christian neighbours will live up to that message and treat us with the kind of tolerance that doesn't attempt to force everybody on the block into some image of cookie-cutter perfection.I consider this book only one step up from hate literature, with non-Christmas people depicted as outcasts and humbugs, if not downright evil for undermining the spirit of the season.  There are better, warmer Christmas stories, every one of them more true to the holiday's real message than this icky confection.
Uses many pre-made products.  Liberal use of vegetable oils.  Calls for ingredients that one would not typically consider healthy, such as food dyes ... !!!  boxed gelatin, plenty of sugar, etc.  typical of many gluten free books they don't try to avoid grains or find other things to eat but rather they make  I did find a few recipes to use.  The author uses of a "flour" mix to use to make substitute products.  The flour mixes (and I am not giving the measurements so as not to give away the author's secrets) includes ingredients such as liberal use of various starches, tapioca flour, garbanzo bean flour, cornstarch, coconut flour, xanthan gum, etc.  I share this so that those who don't eat coconut, tapioca and garbanzo flours due to thyroid issues or corn/xanthan gum due to corn allergies will know that this might not be for them.  There are many other recipes than grain products that sound good.
The information in this book is often repeated over and over -- just changing the words around.  Its a quick read to give to a young girl who is learning about dating and the odd creatures calleld "boys" or "men", but otherwise its a waste of money and doesn't provide anything unique or substantial.
I was going to wait until I finished reading this book to review it - seeing as how I still have 100 pages to go - but I'm not sure if I'll be able to ever finish it.The book spends A LOT of time telling you the back story about how certain achievements were made in the field of science, but when it finally comes time to report the results of those achievements, the reader is only partially satisfied.  Very little actual science, and a lot of biographical information.  I was hoping it would be the other way around.  If you're interested in reading biographies of scientists you've probably never heard of, this is definitely the book for you.Why would I give a book I didn't finish 2 stars?  Because I did pick up a few interesting mathematical tidbits from the sections I read.  I just didn't pick up enough tidbits to keep me going.  The universal constant is interesting, and the cross section of the chaotic 3-D graph is interesting too.Great for scientific history buffs, but those looking for application for personal use, forget it.
I am a big fan of John Grisham, but this book has to be his worst.  While the characters were enjoyable, I'm not quite sure there was a point to the book at all.  There was no suspense, or mystery, or anything worth grasping.  It went along at a snails pace and I think this could have been written in 100 pages instead of 355 pages.  Don't waste your time or money.
This is another book that becomes the darling of book clubs around the country and turns out to be a big disappointment for me. Yes, it reads fast and yes, it's interesting to be in the mind of a person with autism. But I didn't need 200+ pages of it. I think the plot is simple and it's solved halfway through the book. The rest of the book, mostly the main character's train trip to London, I found boring and frustrating (which might be a point the author was trying to make: autism is indeed very frustrating for those who are close to the patient) after just a few pages. Maybe it's not a great thing that I'm not especially interested in autism and the troubles it causes for those who suffer from it and their close ones, but that must be why I didn't care too much for the book as a whole. Too much of a good thing, even if it was only 220 pages long.
Read this book just to see how a terrible, pretentious little author could one day grow up to be the great John Updike. Astonishingly bad ... and that's working with a pretty cool story. Yes, Rabbit Angstrom is a hateful, inconsiderate little twerp ... but it's a story worth hearing. How the story's told, though, the language, the writing is so awful it cannot be parodied effectively. For example, this book contains what must be the worst English sentence ever written. Updike, describing the conclusion of a sex act, says, "His sea of seed buckles and sobs into a still chamber." Oh dear. And yes, the author became a titan. Go figure.
This book started out well but ended in a thud of nothingness.  The ending made no sense but the book fell out of favor about half-way through.  I suspect people say they love Atonement solely to make people think they read &quot;serious&quot; fiction.  A waste of valuable time.
I should have known better than to buy a real estate book that was published in 2006. This book was obviously written right at the absolute peak of the real estate market and the author's experience and examples are from 2002-2005, which were arguably the best times in history to be in real estate. If you're picking up this book today, you'll immediately see a lot of advice that just doesn't make sense in today's economy and real estate market.That isn't to say there isn't any good information in the book, because there is. Some of the advice surrounding being a property investor and landlord still apply today, and many of the basic tactics involved in analyzing markets and buying properties remain true. But aside from this information you're more or less reading about the experience of someone who made it big during the best boom years in real estate by using a lot of leverage and taking advantage of incredible short-term appreciation to amass his wealth. If you tried to mimic everything in the book today, you'd be nowhere near as successful. These days you don't go out and buy a property with little money down, realize 10-20% equity gains in a single year and then tap into that equity to finance your next deal, and so on.This book is mainly trying to sell the dream. Just based on the title alone you can tell it was marketed toward people at the peak of the real estate boom and wanted to quit their job and get rich just buying up property. That's still the dream of many today, but this book won't give you all the answers to accomplish that in today's economy. I'd suggest a more recent book if you want to get a better idea of what it takes to make it in the business these days. Probably the best book out there isInvesting in Real Estate, which I also just finished reading.
I'm a teacher.  Most language learning books are a disaster.  They throw lots of rules, vocabulary at you and give you maybe, if your lucky, 10 questions about 50 items.  Once.  They take on way way too much and give far too little practice.  The result: most people start a book, a course and then figure they are bad at learning languages when really the instruction is abysmal.  This book falls into money pit category.The practice makes perfect series is better than most, slower paced, translations that have meaning.  This book, however, is pretty much like the usual published books, bad.  Lists and lists of words, some questions, and a focus on grammar.  If this works for you, open a dictionary and read words.I have the other books in this series, verbs is good, followed by pronouns and prepositions and, well, the others - missable.  Far fewer words, selected for their frequency, used in multiple ways and rotated in and out of the exercies so one returns to the vocabulary over and over again should have been the way to go.  This reeks of a rush job.  Hope future editions, if there are any, revamp the whole thing.
I have the second edition. I have used it off and on over the last year or so.I wish I had never bought it.Much of the code examples are either incomplete or flat out wrong.Obviously none of the code was actually tested to see if it worked.The two primary examples of this are the sections on PostgreSQL and file upload.  Neither of that code is correct.  File upload especially.I do not recommend this book.
That's what it read like: a very juvenile first draft. I could see with some fleshing out it could have been a fairly good novel, maybe three and a half out of five stars, but you can't edit in talent, I suppose.My wife is in a book group and I picked this up in the bathroom. After a few read-throughs I'd seen enough. I heard John Irving recommended this book, but I would hardly take that as a positive, as the characters in his books (and, alas, the books themselves) are basically forgettable; an opinion never shared if one wishes to fit in with the New York Times crowd.Speaking of N.Y.C., I see where the author has had other 'stuff' published in the New Yorker. It brings to mind Raymond Chandler's observation that too many good writers became New Yorker writers when they otherwise could have been better writers on their own. A writer sometimes pays a big price for critical acclaim, though usually not monetarily.Two stars, though it deserved one. Add another for the attempt at such a broad scope. But really, was editing not an option?
***I really like to give books a fair shot, but this one was just terrible!! I am not in the habit of giving a book such a low rating, but this novel warranted nothing more than two stars(I am feeling generous).***I don't understand how such a lovely premise for a novel could be implemented so terribly. It is as if the writers decided to speed write, and jot down all the ideas in her head and not bother to structure them.I think the writer(s) noticed the success of some of the other suspense writers and thought to themselves that they could put together a book that would rival those of Dan Brown and others. That is like me picking up a paintbrush and saying, "Well hey, Da Vinci did it, I can too!" NO NO NO! The two writers have no talent and leave the reader wondering why they are even reading this trash...the side plots/stories are extremely confusing and boring and highly unlikely. The main plot is just a mess. An old book holds the key to.....well after a few chapters you stop caring.I will let you in on a little secret. I have only put down two books in my life, Stephen King's Gunslinger and the Rule of Four(officially the crappiest book ever). I put it down with two chapters to go, this was my little act of defiance against such literary crap, I wanted to read enough to know that it wasn't getting any better and then I just put it down.The only way that I can describe the setting and writing style of this novel would be to tell you to pick up a book that was WRITTEN for a preteen and compare it with "The Rule of Four" you will find the style, prose, and plot development very similar.
So far I've seen 67 out of 68 positive reviews for this book, and I say "Hurrah" for Richard Russo for all his positive praise. However, I disagree. The book has a flimsy to nonexistent foundation, that being backstory which takes circuitous twists and turns, and those turns take further turns.. So far I'm averaging 3 to 4 pages a night, and I'm a prolific reader. Why is Russo so fearful of forwarding the plot? Why the back and forth, the past histories upon past histories of every minor character? Just too much "muchiness" as the Brits would say.
This book was written after its writer, Thomas John Boyle, became T. Coraghessan Boyle, but before he morphed into merely T.C. Boyle. Some online sites suggest that Coraghessan was a middle name made up because it was `sexier' than mere John, or T.J., while others claim it as his second middle name from birth. I don't know which is true, but the first option seems far more in line with the egoistic ravings of this man, not to mention the self-consciously bad boy poses he strikes in the photos of himself. Regardless of his ultimate poseur nature, however, Boyle is a bad writer- very bad.That said, he is not bad in the way writers such as Dave Eggers, David Foster Wallace, or Rick Moody are, even though that is what I expected from others' claims, and the fact that he has blurbed for these writers before. Whereas they are relentlessly hipster, and spew formless rants with pop cultural allusions that are void of character development and narrative arc, Boyle is, well, there's no easy way to say this, but mind-numbingly conventional. Yes, he's bad, and mostly because he's dull, dull, dull. But, unlike the others he has shown he can, at least, control a narrative line. What he lacks, if this book is used as evidence, is any sense of anything to tell. A back cover blurb from the San Francisco Chronicle declares Boyle's `inexhaustible curiosity and his willingness to try anything once are here in abundance.' By this I can only discern the blurbist meant that he starts out with odd premises. This is true. But, Boyle does absolutely nothing with those premises, and simply having weird occurrences pop up does not make a thing funny, merely odd, and if disconnected to the narrative start and trope, very contrived. But, again, at least it is a narrative. His characters, however, are all cardboard cutouts. Not the sort that are facile flicks of the wrist, as in the deadly trio's, but truly cardboard characters, whose minutia are dully explored for pages before Boyle decides that something weird, and what he deems `wonderful', will happen.I tend to view Boyle, who's from the generation before the noxious threesome, as an intermediate form of the devolution of bad writing that resulted in the preening tercet. He is so dull, and straightforward, as well unadventurous that I was astonished. Worst of all, he indulges unredeemed clich&eacute;s to an extent that may even surpass the others....There simply is little worse than a claimed humorist who lacks humor, yet this is Boyle. His satire, such as it is, is slight, forced, and dull- all the things satire should never be to be successful. Yet, he is worse, for he lacks the discipline to even purge his dull A to B to C work of clich&eacute;s. And he has a need to excessively describe things, rather than let simplicity, or a savvy reader, discern an emotion. Too many of his sentences have pedestrian details, or unnecessary metaphors or modifiers, such as this typical example from the titular tale (page 76): `I couldn't have been more stunned if she'd asked me who played third base for the Dodgers. `What?'' This comes out of nowhere, and does not reflect the character's established speaking patterns- it is simply the intrusion of an insecure writer feeling a need to force description and/or poesy into a tale. This results in Boyle's tales being much longer than they should be. He has no sense of concision, in his writing- something that a poet almost must have to succeed. No, I take that back- he did cut his own name down. Perhaps, for his next book he'll simply be TCB, although I hope he'll finally, artistically, take that acronym `to heart'. Shiver.
The lead male is an arrogant evil jerk (I can't post what I really want to call him), he knows it and loves it. He starts off that way and finishes that way. He picks up this woman/child who acts like a wild hooligan as a way to get back at a rival, treats and thinks of her as a child. There is no chemistry, no deep feelings or even mutual respect between them. He states that he thinks of her as his kid, and he MARRIES her. This is so sick.None of the characters evolve. Each of them ends the story exactly how they start it (I know in real life people don't change so this is the best I can say for the story, but for a work of fiction, the characters should change). She hates being a woman and she acts like his slave the entire novel. She gets down on her knees and kisses his hand. I realize there are women out there who do that crap, but I don't want to read about them. Those people need therapy, everyone in this story needs therapy. Or to be sterilized.The writing is unremarkable, the fringe characters are one dimensional, this book offers nothing. I don't understand how it got any good reviews.
I expected this book to have recent, updated information. I should have read the description better. Many of these articles date back to 2002, and one even to 1999. In the computer animation world, that's ancient. Horrible graphics, all black & white. Very dry.The best thing about the book is the introductory chapter, about the history of animation. Some of the early chapters are helpful for some basic information about computer animation for folks like me who haven't gone to art or film school. But much of this book has detail about writing code, pages and pages of algorithms and data sets, etc. that most folks don't need with the complex software available today.So, if you want to know info like, "Approximations of Differential Operators in SPH" (which is 'explained' via higher math equations), you might like this book. But if you're like me, you'd be better off finding a book with *new*, current info.
If you are looking for clear cut set of rules/strategy that you, the individual investor, can follow to make money, then look elsewhere. The trend followers solely follow the movement of the price in exclusion to everything else. They identify a trend - uptrend or downtrend - and play upon it. As noted in the book, they react to and not predict the prices.The methods, far and few, explained in the book are definitely not suitable for me - the retail investor. First of all, I don't have access to a trading system that can follow the rules outlined. Second, I am not a trader in the strict sense myself, where trades are triggered by a system without me realizing what is happening. To perfect such a system would take me ages given that investing isn't my main bread winner. This book will pass off as a great text book in the annals of the Ivy League schools, but when it comes to making money for you, the individual investor again, I think you are better off reading the likes of Jesse Livermore, Nicolas Darwas and William O' Neal. Read the Lessons from the Greatest Stock Traders of All Time' by John Boik or any of William O'Neals books. They define clear cut rules that we can all follow and make money. How else would I have made about 80K in the past three years compared to the first 8 years of my investing where I barely made any.There are a lot of anecdotes in the book - literally, every page has 2-3 of these. All of these may impress, but in the end they are nice to feel scholarly about. If you are a beginning investor, the first chapter -Trend following, all of 22 pages - lays the foundation by explaining the different schools of thought regarding investing. Then there is 55 pages outlining the great trend followers are their performance but never in clear and precise terms or rules what their methods are. It almost feels sycophantic reading about other 'great' beings the way it is written. At last, after reading almost 210 pages, I got to see some system of trading. All these are pretty dry.This is possibly the only one exception to the many great investing books in my library that I could have borrowed from the library. You will be better off reading 'How to make money in stocks..' by William O' Neal again and again and again.
Got it, hated it.  Where is my Anne Rice?
Most Grisham books can be described as having weak characterization but a strong plot or theme (&quot;The Firm&quot; comes to mind).  Not this one.  Basically, as I read this book, I kept waiting for there to be an actual plot.  Forget it.  There is no plot to speak of.Basically (no spoiler here) the protagonist's father is an honest but tyrannical judge.  He dies.  The protagonist finds a whole lot of cash money in his estate that cannot be explained.  Can't be bribes because the judge was honest.  So where did the money come from?  That's the &quot;plot.&quot;  You get this in the first few pages.  I won't &quot;spoil&quot; the rest, except that there is hardly any more to spoil.This is one of Grisham's weaker books.  It was readable, and his description of the &quot;King of Torts&quot; lawyer was funny, if stereotypical.  But make no mistake, there isn't much of a story here.  It is almost as though Grisham lost interest in this one even as he was writing it.I'll give it two stars because it was not so bad that I didn't finish it.
I read this book in about an hour or so and my feelings about it are mixed. I find the book to both very good and very, very bad.I find the book very good because it is easy and fast to read. In an hour or so you can finish it, thus it will not cost you much time. It is also very good because it points us out how animals deal with change. (Example: If you tie a bell to a cat's collar he will adjust and continue catching as many prey as before.) Animals just try to work around the change or adjust, and don't complain, sit and ponder and refuse to adapt. Humans have a tendency to dig themselves in and resist the change.Yet I also think the book is very, very bad. First of all, it does not offer much more advice than "just accept the change, you cannot fight it anyway". Never does it go deep into the psychological mechanisms and blockades people have that make them resist change.Second, seeing how in the intro the authors wrote that they gave it to their employees and families, it gives managers a permit to just act like a jerk and take away tasks and responsibilities at random and tell their employees to just accept it, like the book said. Never does it contain a disclaimer, warning or ethical note to remind people that there is no reason to start acting like a jerk, even though this book is supposed to help people cope with change.Third, in the last chapter when the group gets back together again, several people complain about the relationship with their partner being bad. And one person said that it is perhaps time to get out. This is mitigated a few sentences later by another discussion partner, but not enough in the sense that people are encouraged to first fix their relationship before taking the easy way out.Fourth, the book is for simpletons sometimes. The authors can claim as much as they want about how cheese is an analogy and cheese being moved is an analogy for a changing world, most real life problems are not this simple and obvious.Before buying this book I borrowed it at the public library, and I am glad I did. The book was worth the read, but quite frankly I find it to be too much fluff and too simple to pay anything more than $2.50 for it and thus would not recommend it at a price higher than that.
He tries to simplify the math. Result: Unclear explanations.He mentions Markowitz allocation and says that the portfolio projected using historical parameters did poorly. Then what do you do? His equal part allocation?He apparently strongly support indexing based on poor mutual fund performance. Later he says the title of the book is in honor of Benjamin Graham. Graham is famous because of his methodology to choose stocks based on fundamentals. So what? Indexing or stock picking?Frankly, I found the book a bit confuse because he did not clearly answer the above questions.
'A Moveable Feast' is not Hemingway's best work.  This is the conclusion I came to halfway through this book.I love his classics, and if you are like me you loved the brilliant characters from novels such as 'The Sun Also Rises' and 'Old Man and The Sea'.  I did.  Hemingway has a simplistic way of words that still manages to evoke powerful scenes.Hemingway's writing still evokes these powerful scenes in 'A Moveable Feast', however, that is all you'll get from it.  You've lost his brilliant characters; Hemingway writes the story of his life without most of the charm of his fiction.  Where you'll find the details and descriptions of bull fights in 'The Sun Also Rises' that will tear your heart asunder, this same writing style applied to his everyday events (i.e. going to the racetrack with his wife to gamble) will appear boring and needless.Skip this book; read his other works.  Especially if this is your first Hemingway novel, you will feel as if he is overhyped and misunderstand why he has become such a literary icon today.
NOTE: This is a review of the third edition of this book, which Amazon is also posting under the fourth edition, which is a substantially better book.  For people interested in the fourth edition, please read my review which appears under the title of "Getting Better."A look at the subtitle to this book, "An Introduction to Understanding Images", might lead one to believe that it is about photographs and what makes them good or bad (or if there are such things as "good" and "bad" photographs).  But instead it is about photographic criticism, primarily written.  And even then it really doesn't tell you very much about how to write criticism yourself, or how to interpret what you read, or how to develop patterns of thought that would enable you to criticize in a useful fashion.  Instead most of the book is concerned with the pigeon holes into which different kinds of photographic criticism can be put.An unstated thesis of this book seems to be that the criticism of photographs is an art form itself.  Certainly anyone who has read something like Walter Benjamin's "the Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction" might agree.  But if it is an art, then it has both form and content, and any book claiming to teach one about the art (I almost said craft) had better address those points.  To know that there are theoretical schools like Postmodernism or Feminist Theory is useful to those trying to organize photographic criticism and may be helpful to the photographic critic who is trying to decide what his own approach is, but knowing that these schools exist does not help a critic as much as a knowledge of how to look at a picture and organize a written commentary.Fortunately, the book has a number of examples of written criticism, including several examples of different critics addressing the same picture.  Unfortunately most of the criticism addresses the content of the photograph without considering how the form relates to the content or how, as Mark Schorer has said, technique leads to discovery.  For example, Ansel Adams' photographs rely upon the range of light from the whitest whites to the blackest blacks to make their statements about the grandeur of the American wilderness.  Unfortunately, nothing in this book considers photographic technique for the critic, although there are plenty of opportunities.  For example, there is an ambiguous picture by Robert Doisneau taken in a Paris Caf&eacute; showing a younger women and an older man.  The picture is grainy and the depth of field shows the women more sharply then the man.  Both of these techniques should contribute to the possible interpretation of this photograph, and yet they are not mentioned.I think the photo critic who wants to improve his art would be far better served by learning something about photography, and then reading actual criticism, like John Szarkowski's "Looking at Photographs".  "Criticizing Photographs" should only be considered as a supplement to such studies.
A book way over my head and my interest to understand the significance of the subject of the book- probably a great book for those inclined to his genius and subject.
This book has some good points, and it would have made a great article in something like "Reader's Digest."  But a full-length book?  Not so much.  All of the ideas presented are  s t r e t c h e d  into too many pages.  Then they become diluted, simple, and annoying.But the cover is cool.
if you like to feel depressed, then by all means read this book....it is dark and imaginary smells are those of death....yuk....totally discusting.
The book was slow to get going but much more interesting once you get to book two. None of the characters were very likeable.
I had planned to purchase this book, but after seeing the warning about the fake reviews, I did a little more research.  All but one of the 5 star reviews seem to be by people who only read Brad Sugar's books.  With only one valid good review, I'll try one of the other books.I will not buy books from companies that feels the need to pack positive reviews on Amazon.  If the book is good, it will get good reviews. I don't want companies to come here and lie to me, it doesn't make me confident about your product.
This book was suggested to me by a friend who absolutely raved about its comic genius.  Well, I couldn't wait to read it!  Afterall, we have fairly similar taste in books.After forcing myself to get through the first 100 pages, hoping it would get better, I just had to stop.  This book was hands-down, the LEAST funny book I have ever read in my entire life.  Eventually, trying to actually read it and not skim became completely impossible.The story jumps from location to location so much that I wondered what was even going on and why the author chose to throw in the "bar" location.  The main character is horrendously annoying and not even in a funny way, in a grotesque, childish manner.  And God help you during the breaks in which Ignatius writes page after page of intensely boring "stories".  This book was much too over-the-top for me and I agree with another reviewer that unless you're into "farts and burps" and finger licking this book is not for you.
Christianity is not only lost in this book, but it has been blasphemed as well.
I finally decided to purchase this book after all the great reviews i read.  Sadly, I was left disappointed after reading the final page.  This was not a great book, at best it was an interesting story with a few gems of knowledge.  Overall, I give this book 2 Amazon Stars.
Meh.  Just meh.  It's not a terrible book, but really, there are such better things you can do with your time - like watch TV, or read just about anything else.
Earth to five star people: Five stars is a rating reserved for masterpieces, which this book most assuredly is not.  The characters seemed like chess pieces (or checkers, more like it) trundled around quite unsubtly in order to achieve the desired climactic result.  Give this one a miss if you value your time.
The long-winded long-awaited saga of Jamie and Claire Frazer continues in this 5th volume of the Outlander series.  Whereas the first three books of this epic was chuck full of time-travel, adventure, romance, witchcraft and the gritty but fully fascinating details of 18th century life, this latest offering putters to a stall in the slower-moving wake of number 4, &quot;The Drums of Autumn.&quot;The reader re-enters the lives of the Frazers at the Gathering of the Clans on a North Carolina mountaintop in exactly the moment relayed in the last sentence of the 4th book . . . and sadly is stranded without respite from the gruesome and rather boring recounting of daily life--complete with overly ripe details of infant excrement, monthly bloodflows of both the newly nubile and the peremenopausal, as well as the use and postitioning of herbal poultices for pre-Pill birth control.Yuck!The intensely real vignettes that worked so well in the other installments very nearly put the reader to sleep as there does not seem to be any theme or plot to the overall novel.  Instead of non-stop adventure, I sense nothing but middle-aged angst in the form of philosophical questions. Here's a typical one paraphrased from Jamie--who is ironically described often as the colonies' answer to the universal Scots laird, instilling all around him with that legendary sense of loyalty and safety attributed to any great leader while equipped with an elephantine anatomy that any woman would lust after---&quot;after Claire stops her monthly bleeding, will she still want me in her bed?&quot;  This middle aged nonsense is not reserved for just the middle aged, the book's other primary couple, 20-something Breanna and Roger, ask themselves similar relationship-destroying queries. For what purpose?  None, that I can see, except as filler.  Simply put, Ms Gabaldon's technique of writing parallel stories and then stringing them together like pearls on a string works only when the pearls are of different sizes and quality.  Every little episode related in this huge novel is likened to a small pearl with little value; the necklace produced is mediocre, a mere ornamentation that could have been something much more.After waiting over two years for this sequel to be published, I must say plainly that I am disappointed.  I wondered briefly if that within those two years my reading tastes had matured just a bit and that what I thought fresh, interesting and page-turning prior to this had soured with over-exposure. But, I don't think this is the case, I have come to the conclusion that a 5th book was needed to stretch out the timeline and that the &quot;real&quot; meat of the Jamie and Claire saga will be offered up properly in the last and final book.Instead of buying and reading &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot;, I suggest refreshing your mind by rereading the first three books and perhaps the fourth if time permits.  Keeping account of all those characters and their positionings in the plot requires expert bookkeeping skills that sadly dull after waiting two long years!
Nothing like reading advice from a perfect looking woman with a perfect husband and perfect children when you are drowning.
As one of the &quot;great books&quot;, and one that a former consumer I worked with listed as her favorite, I felt a certain obligation to read &lt;em&gt;Catcher&lt;/em&gt;, at least once.Alienation?  You betcha.Amazing insight on the part of the Narrator?  No.Interesting insight on the part of the author, into cynical teenage angst?  Somewhat.I didn't particularly enjoy reading Catcher, nor did I see, at the time, what the &quot;greatness&quot; that was supposed to be mined from the pages.  Reflecting on it now I can begin to see a little of it.  Perhaps this is one of those books that was meant to be read and discussed as a group, rather than consumed in a solitary mode.
This Java How to program is an average book, compare to many other Java books. However, this book is about the twice the price of the other Java  books. Why?I would rate the book a 3 stars. However, when you consider  the $68 tag, I think it only deserves a 2 stars.
I did not like this book at all. I couldn't finish it but did read the end of the book to find out the ending.  After reading the end I was pleased that I didn't waste anymore of my time on this book.  There are so many good books out there, don't spend your time on this one.
I didn't really get anything out of this book but the author's wanderings about in a vague subject. Maybe some other time.
After reading the first chapter of Skipping Christmas on the internet I was motivated enough to part with some of my hard-earned money to buy a copy.Unfortunately I wasted my money. The rest of the book did not live up to the first chapter.Having read some of Grisham's exciting writing,I am having trouble with the notion that this is one of his books. His other books have main characters who are strong individuals. The Krank's, on the other hand are wishy-washy, afraid of their neighbors, terrified of disapproval by others. The theme of the book-that Christmas has become an expensive chore instead of a delight-certainly has merit. Luther Krank's decision to &quot;skip&quot; Christmas (meaning skip all the usual preparations) and go on a cruise instead seems innovative and I cheered him. But the rest of the book is spend with Luther and Nora abolutely COWERING in fear over what their neighbors say and do.Very frustrating silly  book. Anyone want to buy mine?Lynn Badler
I like John Grisham, but I think his more recent novels have been lacking in the storyline department.  THE LAST JUROR is a typical example.This book is a fairly decent coming-of-age novel about a young journalist growing up in a deep southern town in Mississippi.  Unfortunately, there is not much of a plot that holds the events of THE LAST JUROR together.  Instead, we get a rather rambling, slow-moving narrative that takes place over a ten-year period, with a generous dollop of Grisham's political views on Vietnam, Wal-Mart, religion, and a couple of other hot-button issues.THE LAST JUROR is not a suspense novel or a thriller (despite being marketed as one).  The plot described on the dust jacket of this novel doesn't really get started until maybe the last 80 pages or so.  The whole revenge plot feels tacked on and phony.  The ending is anti-climactic, to say the least.I think Grisham is an entertaining writer, and his description of life in a small Southern town in the 1970s is actually very interesting in spots.  There are some scenes in this novel that are quite charming and enjoyable.  But, in the end, it doesn't add up to a good suspense novel, and that's what I thought I paid money for.If you're looking for a good thiller, my advice is to try Grisham's earlier work, or the books of Greg Isles instead.
Anyone who works in healthcare knows this is a complex system.  Any book that claims to have the 'cure' for healthcare is automatically suspect.  The book does have some good ideas but it also bases some of those ideas on faulty assumptions and analysis of the increasingly politicised world of healthcare in America.  If you're interestedin ideas for possible change in your hhealthcare system, take this with a grain of salt.  The analogies are imperfect and that leads me to believe the entire construction of this possible future of healthcare is very flawed.
It takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing.  This book is a very poor way of handling thw well-known concept of paradigms and paradigm shifts.  If you are at all familiar with these concepts simply forget buying this book as (just because you paid money for it) you will naturally be inclined to read it and this will be a total waste of time and energy.  There are so many books on creativity, innovative thinking and innovation; look for them.  This is a book on nothing: was it a busines book on business models?  Was it a cookbook for personal development?  What was this for god's sake, apart from being an insult on iltelligence?
I have been a  Marge Piercy fan for years. Even if she can get a little maudlin and melodramatic at times, her heroines like VIDA and Shira in HE, SHE and IT are among the bravest and most original in contemporary literature. I took THE THIRD CHILD on a trip, eagerly looking forward to a good read from my favorite Jewish woman author. Was I disappointed. More angry than disappointed, really. A soap opera of cliches .I am used to the fact that the men in her books are users of women, conniving and untrustworthy. Sex with women is always better than sex with men.  Piercy is married, but is also a lesbian, bisexual? But here the sex is great, the man is... a murderer. This struck me as racist to the extreme. Why would Blake, the son of a convicted murderer (we never know whether he was really guilty) a good-looking and talented college student, be cast as a murderer himself? What is Ms. Piercy saying? That you can't escape your race, your heritage, your genes?And the "political" family (the father a senator who supported the execution of Blake's father) please! Maybe if it were a comedy or satire, but she's playing it straight. I don't much like Republicans either, but I know Piercy is capable of deeper, richer characters whose words and actions ring true.
This is not a balanced account of one of the most dramatic episodes in F1 racing. It reads like a fan book written by an author completely besotted with Prost. It is also a character assasination of Senna, with the author hand picking and pruning interviews and events to paint Senna in the worst light possible. The author makes assumptions about what Senna's motives were or what his 'true' personal ethics were without consulting people who could speak for Senna. Example? The author claims that Senna ruthlessly divorced his wife when she became an inconvenience for him. Huh? Senna and his wife were childhood sweethearts, married as soon as they were of age, and deeply loved each other. But it was NOT Senna who ended the marriage. Senna's wife could not endure the loneliness of a life lived traveling between racing circuits, nor the intense fear racers' wives live with, that their husbands might be injured or killed or maimed at any time. Senna's wife wanted to live amongst family and friends, in a familiar environment, have children. Senna tried to give up racing for her sake but he was miserable, and she was miserable knowing it. So they ended the marriage. And according to Senna's family, he never got over it. Folley does this over and over. Senna was an egotistical fiend, so self-obsessed that he was incapable of venerating other great drivers. And Folley knows this....how, exactly? He doesn't say. He merely assumes. He is blinded by his love of Prost. He'll say anything if it ultimately flatters his darling love.The documentary record paints a far different Prost than the idol Folley puts forth here. And instead of looking at the record objectively, getting input from as many sources he could find on both sides, for Prost and for Senna, all Folley does is reiterate the same long whine Prost has been crying from the day he met Senna, a racer born with a preternatural gift that no other racer has yet matched. Prost may have been the Professor, but Senna was the genius in their equation. Clearly, Prost STILL lacks the maturity to appreciate this.The book is not even well written. The rivalry between Prost, Senna, and the FIA is the stuff of a thriller. So why am I not thrilled?Folley has not freshened the story at all. And he commits the worst sin in journalism: he writes with a personal agenda, under extreme prejudice. Very poorly done, indeed.
Beware of this book. It has heaps of incorrect info in it. It states how to do things that cannot be done in real-life, and does not explain many concepts like SYSPrep or RISPrep properly.It makes incorrect statements about the user accounts created at installation, as an example.I got the impression that the content was copied verbatim from early marketing material released by Microsoft when Windows 2000 was still in Beta. I really doubt if the Authors had even seen the product when this book was written.Another example. The book states that you use the /b switch to run winnt32. We all know that this switch no longer exists in Windows 2000, and any student can learn it by typing the command /?. So the authors have obviously never run the command.In short, if you learn from this book, you will need to unlearn the facts, and then learn again from a better source. The book should be banned, and the authors forced to do the exercises themselves.
I bought this copy new, or at least it was supposed to be new.  The problem is that a new copy of this book is supposed to include an online product key that lets costumers go to the book's website and do class exercises on this website.  To purchase a new product key for the web version of this book is an extra 44 dollars.  The new version is supposed to have the product key.  I suggest just buying a used book for very cheap and buy the web product key.  Don't bother buying this book unless it is cheap.
wow  I have been studying spanish for 5 years as a speaker. I am learning to speak spanish, I have purchased and used many on line courses, and consider myself an intermediate speaker in south Florida. I thought this book would help me but by the end of chapter one i was so overwhelmed I quit. This book made me dizzy, and was way way grammatical rather than useful...so I returned it. I have studied subjunctive in three courses, and got so confused with this overwhelming grammar that I gave up,Returned book after first chapter. Does this guy know how to speak Spanish as a speaker??? Very disappointed. Was excited, but ballon got deflated by the end of chapter. Holey Moley.Another issue, though not the authors: This is the second Kindle spanish text I have purchased. Unlike a novel, one should be able to print out the exercises, If One can read the small small microscopic print), so as to be able to use as a didactic exercise. The other text I used, I spent so much time doing the exercises, that unless I was at my computer or I phone, I could hardly read the print of the exercises.Textbooks ought to be able to print.
I have read other Sebastian Faulks books so I was looking forward to this one. I couldn't finish it, in fact I had trouble getting into it at all. Life is too short to have to force yourself to read a book
Again, I was greatly disappoinnted with this, my sixth book in the DeMYSTiFieD series. While there is a smattering of geometric proofs far into the book, there is no math to speak of, and certainly powerfully few math proofs. The geometry also does not quite rise to the level of ordinary examples in a good high school geometry text book.There is a "scaled-back" introduction to symbolic logic, of sorts, which defines a few of the basic concepts and walks the reader through a few Venn diagrams and through a few extremely elementary propositional equations and other examples, but math proofs they are not. Since it is not a good introduction to anything, I am not sure what use this book could be recommended for?What few "math" proofs there are appear appropriately enough as an addenum to the final chapter called "A Few Tidbits." In fact that should be the title of the entire book!Sadly, the uninformed reader will complete this entire book without really even knowing what a "real" math proof is, or looks like; or worse yet, not even realizing that he doesn't know? Somehow one gets the impression the author did not take the time to find out himself what a math proof is. This clearly was an over night cut-and-paste deal, and on to the publishers.This book is false advertisement at its worse. What a pity!Less than 1 star.
The idea of someone who travels between past and present is interesting, if not totally original and I give the author credit for tackling this kind of story.  The problem I have, however, is that many of the scenes are just plain weird.  Some examples - Henry's nakedness, two adolescent Henrys alone together, a forty-something Henry with eighteen-year-old Clare.  And there are many more.Niffenegger clearly spent a lot of time coordinating the dates of Henry's appearances and she plants the hints of the story's end in appropriate places.  But the jumping around is too frequent and varied and just plain awkward.  To help the reader, Niffenegger supplies an unending supply of references of Chicago, music, stock market activity, pop culture, etc.  I get the feeling she Googled every decade from 1960 to present and crammed in all the results.The story is a fast, casual read.
I was more than a little disappointed with this book as I thought it might actually describe some strategies the author uses to invest from the top down, or even a process. Instead half the book is filled with reasons why you should invest from the top down. Wow!!! Great job Anthony, but dont you think the purchasers of the book are already interested in top-down investing? Inside the house of money, The Alchemy of Finance, Mr Market Miscalculates are all better choices.The only good thing about the book is that is stresses you should do your own research (agreed) and it tells you some websites where to do so (BIS, Fed in Print, World Bank, etc).Nonetheless, if you read finance/investing/trading books in the hope of getting just 1 or 2 good ideas, this book will probably have something for you. Just don't expect anything earth-shattering.
Plot: Guy inherits 2 houses. He gets drunk. His drunk friends burn down one house. They all move into the other house. they invite more drunks in to live. All their money goes for jug wine. They also spend lots of time in jail, or begging for food. Anyone who doesn't want to blow money on wine either gets beat up or called a "Jew". At the end the house burns down.This is meant to be entertaining?
I came to this series late, talked into it by a nephew who praised it highly, and after soldiering through the first three books was somewhat surprised to find myself well and truly hooked as the writing IMHO improved.  However, it WAS a conditional judgement based on the assumption that Snicket/Handler would end it well.He didn't.I wasn't exactly expecting a HAPPY ending (though that would have been a surprising twist), but I was rather hoping for a SATISFYING ending, one that answered the questions and resolved the loose ends.This did not.I knew the book was in trouble when the author started offering excuses for not finishing the story.  Sorry, Lemony Hack-et, I'm not buying it (well, unfortunately of course I already DID buy it, thus my greater irritation).  Real Life might not usually produce nice endings with all loose ends tied and all questions answered, but more is expected of someone who is SELLING us a story, especially one with a PLANNED ending.In truth I think part of the problem is that Handler failed the test of nerve required to really go through with the ending he originally planned.  To see how this might have worked, simply assume that the mortality rate of those not already known to have survived the hotel fire in book 12, the flying mobile home/submarine crash, and the poisoned outrigger is actually 100%, which means that most of the series characters are now dead, and virtually all of the important ones.  Of the latter only LS, the Baudelaire Orphans, and BB II would now appear to be alive, fugitives from the law who will live the rest of their lives on the run or not at all (with the Baudelaires in particular having no hope of ever seeing a dime of their inheritance and according toThe Beatrice Lettersvanishing, assumed dead, within a decade).  This would certainly constitute a much clearer "ending" than we got.  Frankly, I would have liked to know a good deal more about what all the Schism-ing was about, but if you assume that almost everybody involved is now dead, maybe it shouldn't matter.Still, IMHO Handler should have delivered more.  I sure hope he has banked what he has earned so far because I don't think sales of this series will long survive this disappointment of a non-ending.
I ordered the book and the CD supposed to be in the back of the book;MANY REVIEWS ON THIS PAGE HAVE MENTIONED IT, andwhen I received the book, there was no CD.I am disappointed.
I found this book to be difficult to read and finish, not necessarily for the subject matter, but her style of writing just doesn't flow naturally to me (felt the same about "Lit" which I actually read before "The Liars' Club"). And reading about the sexual act forced upon the author when she was 8 years old made me feel sickened and dirty. I definitely do not recommend this book. As others have written, "The Glass Castle" is a much, much better book in this genre.
Honestly, I could not wait for this book to end. It was SOOOOOOO slow from start to finish. BORING is the only way to describe it.  Would not recommend. I admire Mr. Grisham for trying to depart from the lawyer stuff but this just didn't work for me.
Just another harlequin disguised with better vocabulary. The theme? Infidelity, the need for abuse, etc. I'm a man but I enjoy a good romance story. Where are the intellegent, heart waming stories out there? Pete
My original review was controversial so I am editing it. I still stand by my opinion that this book is both unscientific and the author's claims are unsubstantiated.I got this book in hopes of learning about a new trading method however my husband, who is a quantitative finance analyst working on a trading floor, had looked it over and said this method was not statistically sound, nor has it been proven. No doubt many will earn money with it but it is also true that many will lose money employing it.The problem is that Carney makes many claims, which even to me (a lay person) seem hard to believe. And he doesn't back these claims with any proof or science. Instead, he says on pg.7 "In an attempt to learn the origins of this analysis, many get lost in the need to understand why these relationships exist. The basic understanding required to grasp this theory should not move beyond simple acceptance that natural growth phenomena can be quantified by relative Fibonacci ratio measurements." So he wants us to just accept that his method works on faith? Would you trust a salesman who says "This car is the best, look at all these people who agree!" Wouldn't you want crash-test data? Government safety ratings to back up such claims?In his bibliography, he references a total of only nine books and one of them is his own book. Of those books, there are only six authors to which he pulls knowledge. (Or course, excluding himself.)And not everything is included in this book, you need to buy the second volume in order to get the whole methodology. So keep that in mind when you decide whether or not this book is worth the price.
Not a very interesting book. It did not state any significant leadership insights, considering his experience, and the book boils down to the following: a leader needs to adapt to his or her context. If you understand the statement you understand what this book is about.  Good thing I got the kindle book for free here at Amazon (because Amazon rocks).
Is this book interesting? Well yes, this is an interesting topic, and the author covers lot's of ground, and obviously knows a great deal about the history of science; in particular physical science.However, the first 200 pages killed the curiosity of this reader - I have a clear feeling it was more important to the author to impress me than to educate me. I do not need to have every scientist living between 1600 and 1900 mentioned (or know that the author knows about them) - I need just fifty pages background to develop the ideas we are to discuss later. After 200 pages I was totally exhausted and bored.
who says that this book is "a time bomb of nastiness."Hated it.
Although I have a house full of books, bursting with books, book shelves in every room, piles of books on a chest of drawers by the back door waiting for new shelves to be built, books along the edges of steps leading to the second floor, stacks of books in the master bedroom waiting their turn to be read...  I oftentimes find that the book I am reading whispers the name of the next book, or next several books, rather than I having the luxury to choose for myself. This was definitely the case with "The Paris Wife", the subject of my last review.  I discovered while I was devouring it that when living in Paris at the beginning of his writing career, Ernest Hemingway became enamored with Bull fighting in Spain. He went to Pamplona several times to take in the contests, after first being introduced to them through stories told by Gertrude Stein (a friend of Hemingway's who was also an ex-pat living in Paris, and who also became a famous author).  In fact Hemingway's first child was named John Hadley Nicanor Hemingway.  Nicanor Villalta was the name of a famous toreador who artfully slay his bull the first time Hemingway took his wife, Hadley, to the fights while she was pregnant with their son.  Hemingway's first novel and work of substance, as well as the subject of this review, was "The Sun Also Rises", a story woven around and through the passion Hemingway felt for bullfighting.In 1926, while Hemingway was living in Paris, he took his wife and a group of friends to Spain for the week long festival.  There were seven people in the party, mostly Americans familiar with each other from living in Paris and traveling in the same social circle.  There was one other woman besides Hemingway's wife in the group, Lady Duff Twysden, who had once upon a time in one of her previous unions, married into her title.  She went by Duff.  She was beautiful, glamorous, and made it a point of attracting the attention of the men around her in spite of the fact that she was engaged to be married to another member of the party, Pat Guthrie.  Pat drank too much and didn't hold his liquor well, but even so he was cognizant of the mutual flirtations that were going on around him involving his fiancee.  To add to this amorously charged and stress-filled atmosphere, another member of the group, Harold Loeb, had only just returned from a romantic tryst at St.-Jean-de-Luz with Duff.  Harold was head-over-heels for Duff, and felt that after having her to himself for a week, he had a legitimate claim to her.  She was finished with Harold by then in her off-hand way, and had moved on to the attentions of Hemingway...  During the course of the week, Hemingway, Harold and Pat circled Duff with the intensity of sharks at a feeding frenzy, which created an aura of discomfort for all of the friends.The "Sun Also Rises" takes place in Pamplona during the bullfighting festival in July. It is actually based on the trip Hemingway planned for his friends.  Interestingly Hemingway chose not to include his wife in the novel, even though she was present during the actual event.  In the book there is continuous inebriation, arguing, and fighting over the favor of Brett, who plays the part of Duff.  The twist is that Brett trifles with the men, but sets her sights on conquering the beautiful young toreador after she sees the grace, power and fearlessness of his performance in the ring.It was interesting to read this book after having an understanding for Hemingway's life when he wrote it.  It was also fascinating to know that Hemingway based this book on a real life experience.  It was like having a window into his existence. Unfortunately, I can't honestly say I enjoyed his writing style.  I know it is said of Hemingway that the power of his writing came from his ability to be succinct.  I found, however, that his writing lacked the richness of description and analogy, which made it feel flat.  He also repeated words and phrases, which I thought tedious.  I am keeping in mind that this was Hemingway's first novel, and that he was not yet a literary giant when he wrote it.  I am looking forward to reading "A Movable Feast", which was the last book Hemingway wrote before his death.  It is a reminiscence of his life in Paris with Hadley.
Conventional wisdom and obviousity repackaged to take advantage of Obama's popularity.  The advice is vague (when setting up an online community, set some grounds rules but don't be too restrictive) and stuff you should already know (respond to online complaints quickly so they don't snowball).  Very little here in the way of stuff you haven't seen already if you read a basic business book).
First off, the title "market mind games" is completely misleading; a fact the author volunteers herself (but only in the afterword). The book has nothing to say on mind games and is not radical to anyone with more intelligence than a doorknob. A more appropriate title would be "Trading for the mentally unhinged".I bought the book thinking it might be a journey down the rabbit hole. Instead it was a journey into the outhouse and the book stayed there for its entity like a turd that just refuses to go down the drain.For those still wavering, I should warn you now it is written in the style of FICTION. While I applaud the author's fearlessness in pursuing this style, the characters in the story are so naive and amateurish that makes it difficult to take anything the book is saying seriously. In the end, I was rooting for them to fail but the author simply regurgitated the most clich&eacute;d Hollywood ending.I don't expect a book to be brilliant from beginning to the end; if I learn one thing from a book then I think it is worthwhile. But my hopes dimmed when I read sentences like "The truth is: Probability tells us something - just not everything" (p16 hard cover version) highlighted in bold like it is some profound statement. I was left wondering why she didn't add "to state the obvious" just to fill up more space. But I wasn't left wondering for long. Gems like "you may think I am flogging a dead horse" (damn straight), "I really wish I have something more profound to say" (yet you wrote a book?) and, several times, "if I have heard this once I have heard it a thousand times" (so what?) confirmed my fears. I can only surmise she has to fill half the book with irrelevancies because she has nothing of actual value to say.As for the core concept put forward by the author, she provides no insights into how it can be used to assist your trading, except to say that if you are more aware of your emotions behind your trading decisions then you may be able to achieve better results. The only thing she did was coined the term "fractal emotional context" (feC) to represent this idea; personally, I find the term idiotic and it adds absolutely nothing to the argument.Hopefully this will help others make their decision about this book. I, for one, felt so completely ripped off by this book that I was compelled to write this piece. I will end by quoting her opening sentences in the afterword - "You probably decided to read this book thinking it would be about how to beat the market, about how the market really works. And at this point, you might be thinking, that isn't at all what this book is about." And that, sadly, is the truth.
There are a ton of typos in this book and the logic games are frustrating enough with no typos.  It is not worth your money.
This author recommends eating raw meat, raw milk, and raw eggs for some of her 'miracle cures'. Raw meat and dairy can kill you (cooked meat and dairy can too, but that's another book!). Don't take my word for it, click on the book cover and look at the index- you will find 'egg yolk for arthritis' and 'milk, raw' and 'milk for weight loss, raw'.[...]Ph Miracle and Ph Miracle for Diabetes are pretty good books. But one thing to keep in mind is that you need to be Ph *balanced*. Don't take alkilinity too far. Just as there are negative effects from acidosis, there are also negative effects from alkalinosis, though it is much more difficult in western society to be over-alkaline than it is to be overly-acidic.The Ph of your saliva and urine should be slightly acidic at 6.4. That is what is balanced for humans.Read about acidity and alkilinity in the book "Prescription for Nutritional Healing: A Practical A-Z Reference to Drug-Free Remedies Using Vitamins, Minerals, Herbs, and Food Supplements". This book is a wonderful reference for health and has never lied to me. After reading about those 2 topics in this book, you will be better able to tell the truth from a crock of raw meat in any Ph book.
This book is far too melodramatic.Also, Verton quotes himself left and right.  He used the word "I" a few hundred times too many.He quotes and copies from his articles in magazines.This book seems to be more of hype for himself than a serious look at things.Don't read this book, it will only confuse the hell out of you.
T.C. Boyle wrote a very boring novel about races (not the inspirational Chariots of Fire kinds of races, but the depressing kind of races), and it's like whatever.Good thing: the author's initials are TCB. TAKING CARE of BUSINESS! Whoo!
I just got done reading, this book.I felt that it wasn't really great at all. Good maybe, OK maybe, but not great.Its mostly a few sparse pages of some Disney history and and anecdotal stuff (which i wanted to read a lot more of)And the rest are these droning accounts from other "successful" companies in a wide array of industries. supposedly shaping their style after Disney Co.Lots and lots of case studies and the one discussed in the most detail of them all is the "whirlpool no frost" team. Don't get me wrong its a great account that they use to tie into the book. using the whole DREAM, BELIEVE, DARE, DO. principles that Walt Disney pioneered so long ago. This along with several other examples of companies adopting these really great principles.My problem with it was that it got very boring as it slugged on and on about whirlpool more than any other company. The other thing i found disappointing was how it seemed after the first chapter that the book wasn't even about Disney anymore, but more about these other handful of companies that the authors decided they wanted to stroke ever so vigorously.It went on to espouse the virtues of Disney Co. and what a fantastic place to work, and grow your career, etc. If only more companies would take a page from Disney's book then the world would be a better place so on and so on.Like I said this is an average book not totally terrible , and its a worth while read i think if you could get through it in one sitting. Since i couldn't though, it got to be very preachy and boring to me.I am a huge fan of all things Disney and in my opinion may even be a little biased because I do believe in the principles discussed in the book, and generally used to love WDW. But having recently made a trip to the Magic Kingdom Several months ago. I have to tell you that I did not see any of those principles being practiced anywhere. And other than a boring book, that is what stands out to me the most - the actual REAL live customer experience. and it was a BAD one!In one of the last chapter of the book, they begin to vilify (as with any Disney story it seemed appropriate to have a villain.) Michael Eisner and how he was both the savior of the company but ultimately led to its degradation as well. And while all that is probably true, i still didn't see much of a difference in quality or service the last time i visited the park. I was actually quite disappointed. What does this have to do with this book though?Well i think ts all a bunch of hyped up baloney is what. Anybody can interview PR reps and read press releases, and copy and paste a companies corp. philosophy, bio and make a good story out of it. Anybody can interview CEO's and COO's  and say "well we now we have a clear picture of this company and their culture their values."  But it would be a lie.I was not impressed with the promotion job the authors performed while sounding the trumpet for all of these other companies and while it all sounds like they are leading the revolution to a shift in corporate culture, the truth is all this book did was paint a pretty picture of principles not practice. And anybody can sell that story, I on the other hand want to hear the REAL story. The REAL successes and The REAL failures, and the REAL state of things.This book did one thing very well. Like Disney is took us to a world of fantasy and wonder. As it showed us examples of a bunch of other people supposedly applying the Disney Way. No where in the book does it say however " we modeled this or that after Walt Disney, and Disney Co."It paints this nice picture of a world where companies put their employees and teams first, and a commitment, a real commitment to quality and ultimately the consumer first. The truth; however is less appealing, just as my recent unpleasant visit to Disney proved. In the REAL world, things aren't as nice as in the stories.So to wrap this up, as I stated earlier. Its not a Bad book at all. Its just not a Great book either. its O.K., It's mediocre at best. It's a cheap - thrown together fluff job with fancy trimmings and a shiny foil wrapping. like most things we buy now days. DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!(I know no companies perfect, OK i get it.) However we as consumers and as a nation need to start demanding "Don't just Tell me, Don't just Sell me, instead Show me what your really about, Prove it!." Put your money where your mouth is and we'll see who's telling the truth. everything else is just hot-aired waste of time! Like This Book Was For Me.
I have one word to describe this book:Pretentious.It is my understanding that textbooks are meant to be unbiased learning aids. This is ~600 pages of the authors opinions on major corporations. There is nothing to be learned from this text. I am appalled that this is even allowed in public colleges.
I received this book as a 'gift' from the CEO of the small software company I worked for several years ago. (As did everyone else working there) The only good thing I can say about it is that it's short, which makes it easier to choke down its vapid aphorisms and do-as-you're-told attitude. What little respect I had for our CEO evaporated upon reading this book. Fortunately, I no longer work at that company, nor does anyone else who was there when copies of this book were distributed. Our cheese was moved, as it were.
I made the mistake of going cheap and bought the paperback version from a seller.  What I received was a cheap Chinese copy.  Even the back cover blurb is in Chinese!  The problem is that the paper is inferior, the print is small and  the figures are faint and many are unreadable.  This may be a good book, I havent yet read that much of it.  So far it has been a frustrating experience trying to make out the fine print of the equations and the poor figures.  I will struggle on for a bit straining my eyes before I decide if it is worth it to pony up the cash for a decent copy.
Max WhitworthSlaterEnglishDecember 10, 2010Fingerprints: Gifted Touch (Review)Fingerprints: Gifted Touch isn't the greatest book to read, if you like mystery or crime. I wouldn't recommend reading it. Not very interesting like C.S.I. or other crime or mystery stories. Gifted Touch is mainly about someone trying to kill a girl named Rae. There are probably many other stories out there that are a lot better than this one.Gifted Touch is a slow moving story, too long for what they are trying to do. Repeats itself in many chapters. Author could have taken away some of the detail. Complicating and lost my attention. This book is boring, not very interesting. 200+ pages of the same thing. The story doesn't really go anywhere.It is all the same thing in all the chapters.The conflict in this story is that someone is trying to kill Rae and it just repeats over and over. It pretty much leads to someone who hates her friend Anthony that is trying to frame him for killing her is what they think. Rae is a pretty nice usual person, but someone wants her dead. Half of the story, they are trying to find out who is trying to kill her. Its a long story about the same thing. I thought the whole story seemed repetitive about whats going on.The theme is that we all have problems about something. But some people may have people try to kill them. We all have people that don't like us in other words. This is a man vs man story, if you want to find a story that is man vs man it shouldn't be this one. Maybe for a younger age group, good for 8-12 year old children. Doesn't have the best theme for teens and adults.I would give this book a thumbs down, I wanted mystery and I didn't like The Gifted Touch like I thought I would. Its a long book so I would highly recommend to not waist your time or money reading it. Definitely not worth the time I spent reading it. After reading this as book one of the fingerprints series, makes me not want to read the next books that are in the series.Work CitedMelinda Metz. Fingerprints: Gifted Touch.  New York:  Harper Collins, 2001.
I am sorry, but this book should not even have been written. If you are at all interested use your money for his first and classic Market Wizards book. The last two have not really been worth the money or time.
I was in the mood for a light, easy read and had not read Grisham in a while...boy was I disappointed.  Light and easy it was and all those pages to build up to such a disappointing ending.  When I think back to how well written, A Time to Kill was, Grisham should have just stopped there and gone back to practicing law or something else.  It truly was a waste of my time and I didn't have that much time to kill in what it took to read ths book.
I did not particularly enjoy the style and found the book an excellent cure for insomnia. If I had to say something positive about it, it made me realize I neither wanted or needed RH certification to perform my job.
This book seems to have a very low content to page ratio. It uses a large font, wide margins. I counted several pages, and found it averaged around 100 words per page, making the book feel like more than it really is.I did not look at the CD. But the description of the CD seems to indicate that it pretty much has the standard fair of freeware suites like Apache, PHP, ... I downloaded the same stuff from NuSphere. NewShpere had a nice installation program that set up my PC, without my having to think.I take it that this book was meant primarily as a reference. The small amount of programming information in the front of the book was decidedly uninformative. I personally found the big red (somewhat terse) Professional PHP book to be a better reference manual.The book really does not succeed as an introduction to programming, nor does it succeed as a PHP tutorial. The are not many cut and paste examples for people looking to snag code.If you are looking for a large type PHP reference, then the book is okay. Personally, I wouldn't buy it.
Based on the write-ups in the press, including the New York Times, I believed that this was one of those great stories of first-time writers capturing the essence of a genre.Instead, I am the not-so-proud owner of a thin, juvenile work of two self-absorbed pseudo-intellectuals. You can almost feel the smirks that they must have made as they described the steam tunnels and nude Olympics of Princeton.  You can almost taste the sense of superiority that they must have experienced writing dialog that points out the misquoting of Hobbes.The thrill of a great Liberal Arts education is the thrill of elite trivia. Esoteric textual references are the Lingua Franca of the group.But clique-y lingo does not make a story. And this story grows tedious quickly.Save your money.
After reading this book you can only do what Hemingway did after writing it: kill yourself or forever mourning for the lost beauty of the world. Going by his writings, the whole world would be spoiled after Hemingway 'discovered' and deflowered it. Paris is not what it used to be, nor the Austrian alps, nor Spain or Africa for that matter. He'd found a lovely brasserie and someone would buy it out to make an American bar; he'd go to a mountain resort and then the rich would come en masse and ruin it. So we, orphans of that golden age, why do we even hope to have a good life? To begin, we would not know what wine to drink, where to ski, which restaurant to go to, when to travel, how to travel...His poor nameless and publicly cuckold wife must have gone through all kinds of tricks what with him telling her what to do, how to do it, when to do it. Yes, life with Ernest Hemingway must have been hell! I also feel sad for Scott Fitzgerald,Ford Madox Ford, Wyndham Lewis and especially Gertrude Stein whose screaming out of passion or lust in her own house was enough for him to end a friendship.
"The Vampire Armand" is the sixth novel in the non-horror series "The Vampire Chronicles" exposing the life story of the childlike vampire.  Armand narrates his life to fellow vampire David Talbot with splendid descriptions of the characters and the environments and several religious experiences.The only fascinating incident is when Marius descends brutally and horrifically on a group of victims, an encounter that does not occur often and should with the gruesome mystique behind vampires.  Otherwise I was not fond of the book.The first quarter of the book reads as soft-core very young adult (if one considers Armand a child then it's pedophilia) pornography with wanted and unwanted adult relations.  Furthermore, a great amount of time is spent studying the intricacies of religious artwork, especially paintings of Christian significance.  From a reader hoping to find vampire experiences outside of enthrallment with the depth and emotion of the paintings, these repeated details are quite boring.  Claudia's death was a disappointing explanation, quickly thrown together and without emotion unlike when describing religious art for endless pages.  Then there are unlikely mortals who watch a feeding with tearing out a heart or ripping facial flesh without any reaction, which was also seen with the virginal Dora.  I think people of relative clarity would be disgusted or offended by such manners especially without being spellbound.The author forgoes some of the traditional limitations found in the vampire genre such as the crucifix, holy water, and garlic, creating her own world where images on reflective surfaces are allowed.  The outrageously powerful vampires have telepathy and the eldest can perform telekinesis and spontaneous combustion on the younger vampires, abilities I've not encountered in other works.  I believe having certain restrictions on the undead brings some balance to the victims yet the novel isn't as much about the conflict between vampires and humans as it is about internal turmoil.Thank you.
I should have known that a book you can buy togehter with Cliff's Notes is going to be boring. I read "East of Eden" and thought it was great. I was hopeful that "Grapes of Wrath" would be just as good. No luck. It's dull as heck. I don't see how this is thought by many to be Steinbeck's best.
I had high hopes for this book, as others have recommended it to me as a good way to familiarize myself with the number of tools available for programming in the GNU environment.  I would like to have joked, saying that since the author uses vi, and I use Emacs, that the book therefore gets two stars.  Unfortunately it's not a joke, and I have some negative comments to make about this title.  The author generally makes a good effort to educate his readers, and I really like his attitude and the inclusion of comedy: for example, using the number 0xdeadbeef in examples, and a footnote stating that if you've never had a GUI unavailable "you're not trying hard enough."  From comments like this, I can tell that the author and I would have a good time chatting, but the book just doesn't go far enough in terms of useful information.I do recommend this book for GNU/Linux novices, but unfortunately cannot recommend it to other people like myself, who have been using GNU/Linux for more than a few years.  If you are an experienced programmer on a different operating system or programming environment, then this book will have a lot of good introductory material.  The book includes plenty of good information about how system calls work, how the kernel allocates memory and some other system details (most of which can be found in another title in this series:Linux Programming by Example: The Fundamentals).  I found the section on vi and Vim to be the best summary of important commands I've found anywhere.  Consider that these useful facts only fill about thirty of the over 500 pages of this volume.However, the content is only introductory.  Although this text includes many examples, you won't find much in the way of real programs, or in-depth discussions of how the utilities work.  You will find a similar level of introduction in the lead paragraph of Wikipedia articles on each topic.  Of course it's better to have it in one printed book, but this book is too heavy for the amount of useful material.Much of the material was old hat to someone like me, with over ten years of Unix experience: there's very little that can't be found by reading documentation (for example, the info pages that the author so heartily recommends).  Beyond that there are a few telling omissions and errors: the author does not mention Subversion at all, for example.  His section on Emacs concludes by saying that there used to be two different versions of Emacs (GNU Emacs and XEmacs), but they are now "one big happy executable."  This is just plain wrong: GNU Emacs and XEmacs are separate projects, with different development paradigms, different user communities (for the most part) and they are run by totally separate organizations.  Every Emacs user knows that.Another thing that irks me is the title: this book is not about Linux (the kernel), it is about using the GNU programming environment.  It should be called "The GNU Programmer's Toolbox."For experienced programmers, I recommendGNU/Linux Application Programming (Programming Series).  For GNU/Linux novices, I recommend getting this from the library, reading the chapter on documentation, and then reading that documentation (most of which is on your computer!).
The author goes on an uninterrupted and misguided rant against Keynes.  Keynes advanced that economies are in a frequent state of disequilibrium.  They often either overheat or contract.  And, the Government should use countercyclical fiscal policies to manage those disequilibria (running Budget Surpluses when an economy overheats and Budget Deficits when it contracts).  Crescenzi misinterprets Keynes by suggesting he was the first champion of running chronic Budget Deficits to fuel economic growth at all times. Yet, Keynes is just as much against the chronic structural Deficits the US has been running for decades as the author is.  Nevertheless, Crescenzi restates his misinterpretation of Keynesianism ad nausea.Crescenzi also harps relentlessly at the Fed.  He calls Quantitative Easing I & II Ponzi schemes.  That is an egregious and erroneous statement.  QE I one was focused on buying real estate related securities to lower mortgage rates, reduce the acceleration of foreclosures, and stabilize home prices.  And, QE I succeeded in some degrees on all three counts.  QE II was focused on buying Treasuries to lower long term rates, put a floor under a vulnerable economy, and generate credit capacity within the Banking system.  QE II succeeded on two counts out of three (credit demand is still lackluster). Crescenzi feels the resulting large balance sheet of the Fed amounts to monies will never see again in part lost to future inflation.  This is highly unlikely given the excess capacity throughout the entire World economy.  Also, contrary to what Crescenzi suggests the Fed's downsizing its balance sheet will be easier than he thinks.  It is essentially self-liquidating as the mortgage related securities amortize and the Treasuries mature.Crescenzi dialogue on US vs China is biased.  He writes a book about the US at a time the latter's economic performance is struggling and one major rival (China) is doing much better.  Next, he extrapolates the current trend into the future forever by focusing solely on all the US weaknesses (low savings rate, large Current Account Deficits, rising Debt level, slow economic growth) and the strengths of its main rival China (high savings rate, Current Account Surplus, low Debt level, faster economic growth).  But, that makes for an unbalanced and biased analysis that is unlikely to hold up.  There are many causal factors the author overlooks.  The US is not dead yet.  The US is one of the most open societies in the World.  It has the most formidable university system, entrepreneurial climate, venture capital, and capital markets.  It is a magnet for innovators who want to finance and implement their ideas.  Meanwhile, China is a most closed society.  It is incapable of tolerating open and equal communication.  In an information based age this is an impairing handicap leading to a lackluster innovation record.  The US with only one fifth of the population generates far more patents per year than China.  While Crescenzi thinks that the banker is king (China being the largest creditor to the US).  One could just as readily argue that the customer is king (the US being one of the largest customers of Chinese exports).  Contrary to what Crescenzi suggests, the Chinese central bank will not readily sell their US Treasuries to earn a better return someplace else.  This is because China intently keeps its currency artificially low relative to the Dollar to boost its exports.Crescenzi avoids all the complexities of demographic issues.  He acknowledges the US population is aging and its consequences it has on health care costs and fiscal constraints (Medicare and Medicaid taking over the Budget).  We all agree with that.  But, then he simply interjects that the US Government is badly run.  It spends way too much on health care.  It should instead cut health care spending and spend more on education.  Again, he praises the Chinese for their fiscal frugality including no spending in health care.  This is an unrealistic comparison between one of the most advanced society in the World vs one that has a living standard of a third world country where the elderly live with no safety net in miserable condition that  Americans would find intolerable.  Also, Crescenzi ignores the Administration Health Care Reform endeavor of extracting $500 billion in Medicare related savings over the next decade.The book is not all bad.  Crescenzi introduces the reader to some really interesting work.  This includes the work of James M. Buchanan, a 92 year old economist who received the Nobel prize in 1986 for his pioneering research on public choice.  Crescenzi leverages this work in elegantly explaining the pension crisis due to the undue influence of public unions on local fiscal issues and election of politicians.  He also introduces the very interesting work on quantifying the fiscal multiplier of government spending on economic growth from Ilzetzki, Mendoza, and Vegh.  However, Crescenzi uses this paper as an ammunition to lambast the 2009 $787 billion economic stimulus.  But, the three co-authors contrary to what Crescenzi stated support this economic stimulus because the vast majority is tilted towards investments that is associated with a high fiscal multiplier.  Crescenzi coverage of the Greek crisis is excellent.  Greece is the poster boy for the "Beyond the Keynesian Endpoint" situation.  But, Crescenzi far too readily associates the US with Greece.  The US has so many assets that Greece does not have including autonomous fiscal and monetary policies, an autonomous and flexible currency, a world reserve currency, and leading capital markets.  Additionally, the US is still far from the Keynesian endpoint that Greece has already crossed (when interest rates on government debt runs much higher than the long term nominal GDP growth rate of a country).I recommend a far better book on the subject:Fault Lines: How Hidden Fractures Still Threaten the World Economy [New in Paper]
The book builds up the tension well and the way the story is told is interesting. But the big negative for me was the weak ending- the built up tension basically goes no where and nothing happens to trump the books (great) opening chapter's events.
Somehow, and I am sure it was a mistake (yea,right) my previous review was taken down.  So here it is again:Barack Obama is lost without a telepromter.  His "ummms" are legendary.  Here is a guy who according to his own campaign disclosures had 198, yes, 198 paid speechwriters.  Not even a month into his term we are already finding out just how shallow this little guy is.  Prehaps a book called "Say It Like Obama's Speechwriters" would be more accurate.
Took a while to get into the story.  What ruined this book for me was the non-ending.  I hate when authors do not give books a clear ending.  I feel that it is lazy writing to leave it up to the reader to decide for themselves how the book ends.
The book is an extremely well written chronicle of the authors life from childhood to the present. She chronicles her childhood and educational upbringing in fascinating detail with the impact of being bought under a strict disciplinarian particularly disturbing.Though she expounds on her discipline , hard work ethic and ability to overcome many obstacles the book drifts towards an empty rhetoric on the assessment of the financial risks on china. It is thin on details, empty on detailed assessments and rehashes details that is already been chronicled elsewhere  in the news.Other reviews hyped the book as a substantive read on the financial risks associated with china and the book is empty on that score. Would not recommend buying the book if you want to really understand how to assess the risks in china.however it is worth reading if you want to get an insight into life and growing up in contemporary china
National Book Award, what were you thinking? The writing is extremely tedious. The numerous parentheses and flashbacks in the book stop you from really getting into the story (which is okay, I guess, since the story is not that exciting). It's like if you were jogging (or biking) and someone constantly stopped you and then you were allowed to continue for 1 more block and then stopped again. I could excuse that kind of writing if there was good character development (this happens in some books. I once read a book where the writing was awful but the story was interesting) or a fun story. Save your money and more importantly your time and pick another book. I actually did not buy this book (my wife bought the book 3 years ago).If the choppiness of this review annoyed you, then Three Junes is especially not for you!
I've read this book twice now. I read it when it first came out and again recently for a book club (chosen because the movie version is soon to be released). I remembered that I liked the story but had forgotten what I disliked. Reading it again, I had the same reaction as the first time. (Warning: This review contains spoilers.)I loved the idea of the book. I think the author's handling of the skipping-stone-on-water notion of time travel was expertly crafted and woven into the story. Where the story failed for me was in trivializing the love story with the base language often spoken during the copious sex scenes, in the handling of the death scene, and finally in Henry breaking his own rule at the very end.This is a love story. With greater care, it could have been a remarkable one. But not enough attention was given to the right details and too much was given to the wrong ones. Lots of time was spent describing papermaking, but other than an art show, Claire doesn't seem to go anywhere with it. Lots of French quotes, not translated for us uncultured swine, were distracting. I found myself speed-reading through these parts. For two people with the upbringing Claire and Henry had, it was out of character and frustrating that they would use the f-word so freely to define their love-making. Henry and Claire's "first" time together when she was 18 was just plain sad. Henry referring to her cl** made me cringe. As did the adult Claire describing her pain after childbirth by saying, "my cu** hurts." I'm sorry, no woman I know would refer to herself in that manner, especially not after giving birth. It was just disturbing and detracted from the story. Where was the editor, I wonder?So many of scenes were painstakingly described: pool playing, MOSH pit dancing, dressing, eating, band name dropping, driving past street names, etc., yet one of the most critical scenes in the book was left unexplained: the death scene. We know that the Henry on the porch and the one who died in the clearing are the same, but who was the Henry giving a little wave to Claire? How did the Henry dressed in black explain his presence, or the shooting victim, the blood, to Claire's father and Mark? The father and Mark recognized him at the Christmas gathering later but why was nothing more explained even at the end of the book where only slightly more was revealed? Did the father call the police? Did Mark pull the trigger? It seems with all the minor details freely dolled out elsewhere, that this pivotal scene deserved more attention.Worst of all was the very end. Henry took care to not change anything with his visits to the past. He bends this a few times regarding stock market advice and purchases though. In essence in the end, Henry manipulates Claire into waiting for him. How much more loving and selfless would it have been for Henry to tell Claire he saw her as an old woman surrounded by grandchildren and her art - tell her that she moved on with her life and found success and happiness? I hated the idea of Claire pining away her remaining years waiting for Henry to return. It seemed calculated for Henry to tell her he would come back to her. I suppose in some sense he told her to comfort her but it also seemed she wasted years awaiting his return.The book had marvelous potential but fell short in significant aspects. I'm afraid there will be no third reading for this reader. Unlike most novels, maybe the movie will be better than the book?
The most depressing book I have ever read and the end isn't even satisfying,it greatly affected my mood and after reading I felt like I had nothing to live for. If u want to read it and experience depression on every page then go ahead and buy it but I do not encourage you.&#128560;&#128560;&#128560;&#128560;
Too dark for me; and probably too academic/condescending.  I could not really identify with any of the characters.  I kept hoping it would get better.
I bought this for my soon to be 4-year old granddaughter.  I have quite a few shells, and I thought, since she seems interested, it would be fun to have a book with the pictures of the shells and information about what lived in the shell.As it turns out, it is not what I expected, but is a very elementary story book, with nice artwork, with reference to turtles, snails, and very few ocean shells.  Probably for someone much younger, though I'm not sure one much younger would be that interested in what had lived in a shell.  The cover shows pictures of shells and the ocean, but it is really lacking for what we wanted.  I ordered a Smithsonian book to fill the need.
I keep scratching my head and wondering why it is that every other review I've read of this book talks about how utterly amazing it is and I keep asking myself why I felt bored while I was reading it. Other reviews of Temptation: A Novel by Douglas Kennedy discuss how "thrilling the ride" is while turning the pages and how they were "enraptured by the story" and I just keep thinking, "Really? Because I had a hard time forcing myself to pick it up."Initially, the story did start off with a promising hook. A writer finally gets his big break and shoves off his wife and kid. See ya later, deadweights. Who wouldn't want to read that? He immediately hooks up with a beautiful, rich producer who would never leach him for his fame and money and gets pulled into a reclusive bazillionaire's plot to get a writing credit. I think this is where the twists and turns are supposed to occur, but, by this point in the story, I no longer cared. David Armitage, the main character of the novel, was unlikable and I had a difficult time wanting to read about him, much less care about why his story should be something I should waste my time reading. My guess is that all the Hollywood type characters were written with a fiendishly cartoonish portrayal so I wouldn't have to stretch my brain cells too far and try to wrap them around the idea that people could be dynamic.Fair enough. I'd give it a 1 out of 5 stars, possibly a 1 1/2, because truly the first thirty or so pages were entertaining.It's a good thing I got this book for free to review because I would have been irritated if I'd spent money on it.
I was given this book as a gift, and it looked fascinating.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed with it. It is hard to follow, has no clear trajectory, and is full of italics representing the author's (supposedly verbatim) thoughts on the snake handlers.  His tone in these italics is mocking, yet somehow he so admires these people that he becomes a snake handler himself.  The snake handlers are (except for Aline) vile, judgemental, ignorant and violent.  Their theology is laughable. Fine, they get themselves worked up into spiritual ecstasy by dancing around, singing and babbling, etc. Standard group hysteria stuff.  Big deal. Nothing new there. Somehow, and it is not clear how, Covington is drawn to these awful people, and wants to become one of them.  He gets to be the hero at the end when he is cast out for standing up for the rights of women. Imagine that. Everything these people do, everything they say is loaded with import for Covington.  He was &quot;meant&quot; to pick up a snake-handling hitchiker on the side of the road. Immediately Covington concludes that this hitchiker is a Christ figure, an outcast among his own people. It's all fate, each time he wanders down a dusty road he is somehow being &quot;drawn&quot; to the place.  Blah, blah blah.  With its extra-wide margins and triple-spaced text, this insubstantial piece would have been better left for a long magazine article in some journal of the personal spiritual quest.  Just glad I didn't spend my own money on it.
Will somebody please tell me what the appeal is? Yes, I know it's a classic. But it's a really, really boring classic. The prequel to Charlotte Bronte's, Jane Eyre, is the story of Bertha Mason's childhood whose literary conceit is to tell us why Bertha went nuts. It's also a didactic dinosaur relic of the 1960s that traces the source of her madness to the fact that they didn't like little French girls in Jamaica. Racism, sexism, and classism drove Bertha `round the bend. There. I've saved you the trouble of reading it. Now re-read Jane Eyre instead.
Let me start by saying that I have done a fair amount of study in economics.  With that said I found this book to be somewhat confusing and hard to follow at times.  This book is very informative, yet, necessarily, the author uses advanced banking terms to convey the majority of the information contained in this book.  To get the most out of this book I would recommend gaining a basic understanding of Macro-economics and a good grasp of investment banking terms and practices.The author did not discuss in much detail the reasons banks made the investments that ultimately led to the "housing bubble."  Also, I am still unsure how the author can claim that the "stimulus" worked and that the economy was in "recovery" at the end of writing this book when "jobs created" was, at best, keeping pace with the number of young people reaching an age at which they could enter the workforce. The content of this book felt incomplete without enough hard data to substantiate the claims made.Though on the surface this book is about an economic subject, it seems to be written with a strong politically liberal ideology and is in no way objective. This book was simply not my cup of tea.
Badly written and deadly dull book with a listing of scandals that took place in Hollywood from 1900 to the present. The problem is these are "scandals" that have been written to death about already and this book adds absolutely nothing to it. I knew about almost all these "scandals" and even the ones I didn't know about were so badly written that I couldn't read them! To make it worse the book has b&w pictures...and they are some of the worst I've ever seen! They're out of focus and so badly faded you can barely make out people's faces! To be totally honest I couldn't finish the book. 3/4 of the way through I just gave up in disgust. I can't recommend this at all.
I did not finish this bok.  I found the derogatory comment 's (fold of fat, ugly, could not get through doorways)  describing Winnie very offensive.  She is described in such a negative way.  Therefore I put the book down and deleted from my library.I had read another book by this author which I  liked so I thought I would read this.  Very disappointed. Sorry fans of Jane Langton.
The second son of the Little family turns out to be a mouse, whom they nevertheless name Stuart and raise as their own.  I was somewhat underwhelmed by this family classic.  Stuart's "adventures," such as riding on a toy boat and going down a drain, are related briefly and dully, without developing much tension or excitement.  The characters are unfailingly stiff and polite with each other; even the interaction between family members often comes off like conversations between strangers at a cocktail party.  The Little family's treatment of Stuart seems quite neglectful as well.  Mr. Little, in particular, seems to think nothing of sending his little son into potentially dangerous situations, such as down a drainpipe to fetch a ring.  At one point, the book describes how it becomes Stuart's job to go inside the piano while it is being played and hold on to a key that sticks, even though doing so subjects him to loud noises that affect his hearing for hours afterward.
Although there is some good advice in the book, the author often doesn't really emphasize just how important it is enough and even worse contradicts himself later on in the book.So, lets get started--  He talks about how the culture of an organization is important.  You need to set the tone of what you expect from your players or employees.  That's good and correct.Can you trust your teammates when you are facing adversity?  Well, that's important.  He says if the employees were in the military  or had bad experiences as a child they can call upon past experiences to help them get through the tough times.  Ok, good so far.--But in another section of the book he talks about how a gardener needs to pull out undesired weeds and yet later in the book says one of his favorite phrases is keep planting grass; don't pull weeds. ---- What an idiotic and contradictary saying.  Getting rid of disruptive players or employees is one of the upmost important things you can do.Whether it's on the Survivor TV show or The Apprentice or just in a work group in a factory getting rid of disruptive or non-performing people is paramount.  You have to weed.  It's your duty to get rid of disruptive players.  Keeping an idiot that makes late hits on a QB or Running back out of bounds will cost you penalties and allow your opponent to keep the ball and score instead of you getting it.  He can cost you a couple of games a season and make you end up at 8 and 8 instead of 10 and 6.--  10-6 is a conference winning record.  8-8 means you sit at home and don't make the playoffs.* I expected better from somebody advising football coaches. ** He does make a good point about rest being important and time off during the off season.*  It doesn't matter if you are a weight lifter or creative engineer; rest and time away from your workplace are important. *  But most people already know that.  So nothing really new there...--He mentions about focusing on the important things... well duh..  Are there any performance coaches advising to focus on the small, trivial things???--I suppose the best use for this book would be for a coach to hand it to underperforming players to help them get their mind right and get focused on what the team objectives are.I wanted to give this book a marginally approved 3 star rating but with all of the hype about the author I expected much better.  If he had given a speech with the advice in this book I would have wanted my money back.
Great ideas,  however if one were to follow this plan it would be very costly... Most,  not all products recommended need to come from specilty stores which have a high price range.  IT would be great to go to a "Spa for a month"  and have someone cook all your meals,  however I am not in that income bracket....
I fall on the side of tighter monetary policy and read this book hoping to find arguments and information to support that perspective. But this book is a waste of time for serious students of economics.Fleckenstein would have you believe that 5% short-term rates were foundational for the 1999 runaway speculation on internet stocks. He offers no logical arguments whatsoever to support his assertion; and historical periods with similar rates didn't lead to similar speculation, so his conclusion that the Fed's policies largely drove this speculation is hardly obvious.He also argues that the Fed should have done everything in it's power to squelch this speculation but offers no cost-benefit analysis whatsoever to justify the cost of what probably would have required substantially higher interest rates and margin requirements. Would the likely resulting slower economic growth, higher unemployment and lower home ownership have been worth the alleged, although unsubstantiated, benefit of less internet related financial speculation and attendant entrepreneurial risk taking? It seems hard to believe. But rest assured, this book provides no insights on this matter whatsoever.The author takes a similar tact with the housing bubble, blaming it all on the Fed (even though it has clearly been a worldwide phenomena), without connecting any of the dots with economic logic. The case should be easier to make with the credit bubble than the internet bubble but easier still, I guess, to merely assert it.If short-term rates alone govern the value of assets (Fleckenstein brings no other factors to bear) why didn't rate cuts from 6.5% to 1.75% between 2000 and 9/10/01 revive the stock market then (or the debt markets now)? Perhaps for the very conclusion Fleckenstein's partner reaches on page 123, "...it has become increasingly clear that he (Greenspan/the Fed) does not control the economy." Had Fleckenstein asserted that in the first sentence he could have sparred us all what amounts to little more than unsubstantiated ranting.Yes, the author does present evidence of the obvious - there was speculation. But even if his thesis is true, he provides no evidence it was caused or largely caused by the Fed. And, he offers no evidence whether the Fed can or should squelch speculation with the brute force of monetary policy. Don't waste your time.
I couldn't even finish the book.Compared to Fatal Voyage and her earlier work, this book just couldn't keep my attention and stopped reading it altogether.  Usually, I will finish a book no matter what.  I couldn't connect to the characters or the situation.The nail in the coffin, was when she referenced 'Bones' the tv show. Deleted it off the kindle after that.
Never have I anticipated a book so much...and never have I been so disappointed.  The plot never really got off the ground.  I had this sense of waiting for the story to really get going and it never did.  That's not  the worst part though.  What Harris did to the main characters was utterly  ridiculous.  With Lecter he had developed one of the most menacing villians  in current literature.  He took a monster and made him a victim.  With  Starling he had an excellent protagonist.  He took a woman who was strong  and smart and made her weak and stupid.  It's hard to believe he took 10  years to write this.  It reads like he took 10 weeks.  Read Red Dragon and  Silence of the Lambs.  Leave this one on the shelves.
Coming out of the International division of Kodak's consumer products group, I take exception to this book which I feel is simplistic and uses the sad story of a company in trouble to make himself look smart and sell books.  When I worked in Latin America we called guys like Jeff "the sea gulls from Rochester."  In Spanish the phrase said "these guys from the U.S. fly in, eat your food, make a lot of noise, and fly home without making any impact on your business."
This lesson this book attempts to teach is that we shouldn't be afraid of change and of taking chances. That's fine, but the book is so simplistic and repetitive and silly.  And it hits you over the head with its story.  This may be a good book for 3rd graders, but at this point in my life I don't need to learn life's lessons from little mice with silly names.
I was quite disappointed in this book, which is both drawn-out and shallow in its coverage of j2ee and web services. With 425 pages (11 chapters), the book only talks about J2EE component security in 2 chapters (Chapter 9 and 10) and stops at high-level with spending pages on configuring tomcat and weblogic 7.  The author comfortably skipped discussing content over complex issues and finally completely forgot about illustrating real-world security issues and measures.Although the book covers some very basic aspects of Java security, ultimately it provides a dreary drawn-out overview of j2ee security which is better found more in google and elsewhere.
The Devil Rides Out is perhaps best known for its late 1960s screen adaptation starring Christopher Lee.  It's because of this that folks seem to recall Dennis Wheatley as the guy who wrote The Devil Rides Out.  For a man who has pumped out more than sixty novels in his life, this is a rather sad legacy.The Devil Rides out is follows roughly the same formula as other Dennis Wheatley's &quot;Black Magic&quot; novels.  Devil worshippers recruit unsuspecting nice guys into their satanic rituals, with some amateur sleuths chasing down these villians before all hell breaks loose (..pun intended).  Dennis Wheatley of course can't resist offering mini-lectures on the history of the occult too, proving that he really was an authority on the matter.So does The Devil Ride Out offer reading pleasure?  Well, firstly the novel was written in the 1930s but feels much older; it evokes images of mothballs, gaslight, and worn cardigans.  Compared to Wheatley's The Satanist, written some 25 years later, it seems very archaic indeed.  Secondly, the story itself is not very enthralling.  Wheatley is known as a storyteller, but not as a great writer of literature.  So The Devil Rides Out suffers from both poor writing and a lame story.  At least The Satanist has a much better story; I think to a degree Wheatley got better with age and experience.Bottom line: a musty, dusty piece of gothic nonsense.  Wheatley has written better 'black magic' novels; he was sort of a Stephen King back some 30+ years ago.  It's best to hunt down those novels (which are, sadly, out of print).
JG was trying to make a social statement.I read fiction for fun, not for social commentary.Even though the book was bad.  The ending was worse.Most JG endings are flat.
The book follows the author on his path to success through real estate management/investment.  When I reached the point in the book where the author made his first real estate investment purchase in the summer of 2002 I paused to consider the housing market he succeeded in.  With a copyright of 2006, the author must have generated the bulk of his successes between 2002 and late 2005/early 2006 - heady times for the real estate market.  His claim that the book will "... teach you how to duplicate my achievements..." is questionable given the present housing market.  If he were starting out today would he have achieved so much so fast?The book is easy to read and I like the way points are summarized at the end of each chapter.  I'm just concerned that someone whose advice is based upon an experience gained during very favorable housing market conditions might not hold up under tougher times.
First of all, this is not really a stream of consciousness novel. Ulysses is. This is a semi-autobiographical novel detailing the rather uninteresting youth of a turn of the century Irish boy. Perhaps if I had lived at that time this book would be more meaningful, but in 2010 there is nothing controversial about doubting the infallibility of the Catholic church or the existence of God. This question is one of the main themes of the book, as well as a sort of semi-existentialist quest for the boy to define himself as an artist or whatever. Well, the existentialist debate has been better offered by superior authors from Dostoevsky to Camus, and Joyce falls flat here. The other main subject which Joyce attempts to invoke is some of the political divisions in Ireland. He uses a few characters to try and personify the rivaling political factions of the nation at that time. However, this attempt is short-lived, and it also falls flat.The one gimmick Joyce used which I found mildly interesting was the use of different language as the boy grows older. So the book starts off with some laughable dribble about a "moocow" and a "nicens little boy named baby tuckoo," and ends with Joyce trying to parody the "Hail Mary" (again, the played-out religious themes).Did I mention how boring this book is? Nothing of interest happens. Terrible book. Avoid at all costs. Read Nabokov instead.
Putting this one on the "I don't get it" shelf. I've never read Keillor before, started here, and likely will not try again. It seems like the people who enjoy his writing are those who grew to love him on the radio, and I've never heard him speak.This isn't a novel, so much as a bunch of facts and stories about a fictional American town. It's a long rambling reminiscence with few recurring characters, no coherent trajectory and no discernible point whatsoever. There are some giggle-worthy sentences, but this just isn't funny enough to be considered a satire, which explains why some people see this as a cozy read and miss Keillor's point, which was...um...
If you took the events and played them out in linear time, it's a pretty dull story.  Which means, the time traveling was just a gimmick.  As such, it was entertaining once, but won't stick with you.
I once counted the days 'til the new Murakami translation hit the racks. (Or the computer screens.) Now, it's like receiving a telegram -- dread accompanies the opening. "Kafka on the Shore" is not particularly awful -- unless you keep in mind as you read it the past greatness("Wind Up Bird Chronicle") of this writer. He has morphed into the worst sort of Designer Fictionist, with a dollop of cranky right-wing politics dropped in. (The scene with the feminists invading the sovereign state of Komura Library is easily the worst scene Murakami has written. And why did the lost love of the book's heroine have to be beaten to death by a bunch of leftist Japanese students? Why not by the police, the school administration, or the Yakuza? Beating up on feminists and 1960s revolutionaries: hey, now there's a brilliantly brave thing to do in the midst of the Bush Reich.) Murakami spends more time(MUCH more) describing the Nike shoes, and Lauren cardigans, and Opus One wine, and Piaget pens, and borsalino jackets, and Armani belts, and . . . well, you get the picture. What you do not get is the slightest freshness of character, wit or idea. You have a know-it-all 15-year-old kid, a retarded yet infinitely wise old man, a dreamy 50-something Japanese woman, and other not very interesting types. Throughout the whole book, Murakami skims. Politics, classical music, surfing, Kafka(the writer), classic cars, architecture, the history of the Pacific War -- Murakami touches on all of it and brings nothing to life, or to mind - except the definite adoration he has for his own thought process. (And his sex scenes are truly annoying, written as if by someone who's never actually done it.) By page 300 of this 400-plus page book, you'll stop caring, and you'll lose all patience with the New Age ramblings of the various characters. The once great writer has become a poseur. A genuine tragedy.
I very much liked the image of the catcher who keeps those kids from falling over a crazy cliff. But I had to wade through a lot of slag to find that gem. The problem is that Holden is such an unsympathetic character.  He's a rich, East coast WASP who has been given several opportunities for a  free education. How does he respond? Well, he can't apply himself because  everyone is too phony. Hell, Holden could find phoniness lurking in a fruit  bowl. What passes for tragedy in Holden's life? Losing his fencing team's  foils on the subway or discovering that a seedy hotel also has seedy  clientele. How can you care what happens to a character like  this?Perhaps, if Holden was freed from his parent's economic bondage he  could finally toss off those golden manacles; become homeless and head  downtown for the free eats; stand in a soup line three times a day and  finally get hit with some Freakin Real! I hate Holden, Catcher and all, I  really do.
I am 54 years old and avoided reading this book for over forty years.  So why did I relent?First, because my 15 year old had to read it in Lit class, and I wanted to have something to talk with him about.  He hated it.  Really, he did.  My wife hated it too.  That killed me.  So I really HAD to read it now.Back in the 60's and 70's lots of conceited literati phonies kept saying how *Catcher in the Rye* was "The Great American Novel", "Salinger's literary triumph" and other such baloney.  They said that.  Really, they did.I ignored my *39-page rule* for two reasons----1.  if my son actually had to had to read the whole thing so did I; and --2. I thought after 39 pages Salinger would turn it around.  But no, he didn't.  He really didn't.  If you want to know the truth about it, I found *Catcher in the Rye*, wasn't all that those phonies cracked it up to be.I slogged through to the bitter end, all the while suffering as that conceited b-stard Holden Caulfield incessantly whined and complained about everyone and everything in the world.  It depressed the hell out of me, it really did.  The little rich boy should have been complaining about his laziness, absence of character, or inability to see the world and others beyond the range of his annoying petulant whine.It depressed me even more reading old Holden's monologue, spouting the word `g-ddam' practically every 25 words.  (That got old VERY quickly.)  And at the end of the book, around page 200, he drags out the dreaded `F' word.  That must've made quite a stir back in 1945.Maybe *Catcher in the Rye* doesn't travel so well anymore because it's the 21st Century and all.  The world is so much bigger now, and somebody saying `g-ddam' every other sentence isn't so unique and different.  Actually, it's rather tame for these times. Really, it is.Legend has it that after writing a few novels and getting so much attention for this book, old J. D. Salinger kind of disappeared.  He dropped off the face of the earth.  Really, he did.  Maybe I'd kinda `disappear' too if I wrote a book this dreadful and then it got all kinds of acclaim from those same phony literati scum-suckers that so disgusted my protagonist
It's an Oprah book, but not a good one.  Clich&eacute; after clich&eacute; after clich&eacute;:  divorced woman lost in the world, left by a husband who never loved her; a  son bordering on adolescence whom she doesn't understand; a kind stranger  opens her heart up.  Please, give me something new and different.  And then  in the last 20 pages, nothing but dramatic event after dramatic event.  Where was the drama through the first 200 pages?  A quick, uninteresting,  and unsatisfying read.  She should take notes from Wally Lamb.
Winner of awards?  Hmmm.  This book was given two thumbs down from my crew: boy and girl; nearly 4 and 6.  They found this book dull and lacking in the plot department.  And I have to agree with them.Story: People and animals pile in a car.  It rains.  Mr. Gumpy decides someone needs to push to get them up a hill.  No one wants to push.  Car gets stuck.  Everyone pushes.  Everyone gets dirty.  Everyone goes home.  Sun shines again.Two Stars.  Amazon suggests an age range from `baby to preschool', but I would suggest baby to toddler might be better.  I think by preschool children expect more from a story.  And as a Mom, I would hope they might learn something.  Unlike the Little Red Hen, there was no real  `lesson' or moral to this story.  Characters refused to help until they were absolutely forced to; and that was that.  No consequences.[Someone thought the text was amusing and clever, Suessian I think they called it, but I found it rather common.  Example from book follows so you can judge for yourself.]The car edged its way to the top of the hill.They looked up and saw that the sunwas shining again.It began to get hot."We'll drive home across the bridge,"said Mr. Gumpy."Then you can go for a swim."And they did.After a while it was time to go home."Good-by," said Mr. Gumpy."Come for a drive another day."(The End.)
Okay, so far I'm the only one not extolling the virtues of this little ditty of a book. Why? Simple.Actually, the book is simple. I could've  written it in about three weeks if I didn't have a real job (unlike the  author). While Mr. Halberstam is right to demolish the cliches of religious  morality and our current pop-therapy culture, he does not really offer  anything better. He spends most of the book hinting at the answers to real  moral problems. And although he certainly offers some good suggestions,  such as those about choosing friends for example, this book is simply a few  oases in the middle of a vast parched desert.For example, when I read a  book (non-fiction) I never like the author to tell me to accept his word,  or do it myself. See my review of Charles Murray's &quot;What it Means to  be a Libertarian,&quot; but in simple terms, if someone is so arrogant that  they're going to simply put some balther on a page and say: &quot;Here,  fact&quot; than perhaps that person needs to find productive work. Mr.  Halberstam needs to find productive work, like a postal carrier perhaps. In  his section on moral judgements, he tells us that we can discover more  about our values if we look at our choice of expletives when we swear.  Really? Sounds odd to me...But wait, the author never explains why this is  true, nor does he ever explain any of his assertions. The author also ends  many sentences with a question, as if the answer is particular to every  reader.Finally, this book is deceptive. There is little to do with  ethics in it. It can't even be said that this book focuses on situational  ethics, because even situational ethics require an objective system to base  them on. Mr. Halbertsam's book is not philosophy, and it really isn't great  psychology either. It's okay for a self-help book, but the writing is so  bland and vacuous that the book's entire contents could probably be  compressed into 20 pages.Not only that, but the book seems to argue for  subjective moral values sometimes, and objective values other times. But  because the author seems to be trying to avoid making any factual  statements whatsoever it is difficult to pin the truth down.You want to  really read about ethics, then try &quot;Bertrand Russell on Ethics.&quot;  A good book on situational ethics is written by Peter Singer titled,  &quot;Situational Ethics.&quot;
This was my first read of Rushdie.  I read gushing reviews of this book and thought I'd give him a try.  I only got 60 pages in and had to put it down.  I thought he was trying to prove how smart and clever he is, and I am convinced.  But that doesn't make for an enjoyable read.  Maybe the critics get wet reading this type book full of ego-driven intellectual gymnastics, but I'll pass.  There has to be some heart, something I can relate to my life, and a break from the sarcasm and chest puffing.  I read for enjoyment, not self abuse.
Man, this didn't work at all for me. Here's why:- It zipped past the ancient history (which is what I like) and spent most of its time on European and (white) American history (which I usually already know and don't care about anyway).- You know how in college you would find some weird tangent to write your paper on so it would seem somewhat original? This book feels like a whole bunch of those essays. I get it, salt was important, but it still feels forced sometimes.- After a while, you start to get that dreaded "I'm reading history" feeling, where it all starts to look like a list of names and dates. It's totally possible to write history without writing lists; I just don't think this book pulled it off.Here's the impression I came away from this book with: "15th-century Germans really liked salt. Here's how they made it. You know who else liked salt? 16th-century French people. Here's a recipe that uses salt. Guess who else liked salt?" Ad infinitum.Meh.
Spencer has one metaphor here, and he squeezes it dry, to no good end. It's shocking enough that he wasn't embarrassed to submit it to his publisher, but even more shocking that the publisher didn't notice that the emperor was naked. Maybe the fact that he was dancing all the way to the bank blurred their vision! (Sorry for milking my own metaphor.) (...) This book is a bad magazine article stretched beyond the max.
I bought this book upon recommendation of a friend, but I didn't have enough background knowledge of Barbados to understand the bias and bigotry that the characters were involved in.  Interesting style of writing, though, and a clever premise.
What has happenned to the author of such thrillers as The Firm, and Runaway Jury ?  With The Last Juror Grisham seems to be continuing his journey to who knows where ( but obviously the trip includes the bank ).I really wanted to like this book, but didn't.  Whoever wrote the NY Times  reivew on the cover, " One of his best: a thouughtful and atmospheric thirller"  clearly did not  read the book.  It might be atmospheric, but a thriller it isn't.  Also, it seems real preachy, ie hard working loveable black mother raises a bunch of PhD's and charms the young newspaper editor with food and stories about how hard it was back in the dark old days in Mississippi.  Been there and got the t-shirt many times.This book is in the category of Grisham's The Testament for which he should have been prosecuted for writing.Save your money.
Jacquelyn Mitchard's newest novel brings us into the world of the McKennas who have lost their daughter Georgia in an accident and may now lose their daughter's only child, Keefer, simply because their daughter was adopted.  The concept of the story is excellent.  Does adoption lessen the degree of importance in family ties?  Should an adopted sibling have fewer rights than a blood sibling/relative?  Where is King Solomon when we need him?The only problem is that the story tends to get lost in the explanation.  Too many characters who are not developed in a way that connects with the reader makes this a trying and not so enjoyable read.  I would read a name and have to stop and try to figure out who the person was (one of the attorneys?  the guardian ad litem? a relative?).  Or I would read a name and it was the wrong name due to poor editing.  Pages would go by where we were forced to follow the thought patterns of Georgia's brother Gordon.  These thoughts often stifled the flow of the story.There were moving moments in this book, but they were fragmented and misplaced.  Often I would expect things to pick up only to be let down again, like a car that won't start that suddenly catches, giving you hope before it dies again.I'm glad I read this book only because it will make me think twice before I read Mitchard's next book.
The title covers most of what I have to say.  The book is OK but far from great.  A good editor would have been a big help but it is too late for that so I advise you to pass on this one or get it from the library.
I see that Mr. Tharp has written a lot of investment books. I don't think that the shear volume of his writing qualifies him as an experienced trader. However, my biggest issue with this book fall into two areas.The first is quite personal. Early in the book I came across one full page of biblical scriptures. If you are a devout Christian that may interest you, though I suspect you can get that someplace else.Second, while I don't want to suggest that the need for the correct frame of mind on the part of the trader is critical and that there are a lot of personal issues that should be addressed to achieve this frame of mind, the book covers a lot of personal psychological and self-help stuff that I think the potential trader can obtain better from a different source. However, the book would be much smaller if all of the self help stuff wasn't in there and probably would not sell as well then.Finally, I do think Mr. Tharp has some important things to say, for instance in the area of risk management and position sizing, but I think he has written more focused publications on these subjects which may be a more efficient way of reading this information.
I've become a fan of Henning Mankell's Wallender stories, mostly through the British TV series. The gritty depiction of Swedish culture and country is fascinating, and the plots are laid out well enough to sustain my interest. This story is not part of the Wallender series, however.This book begins with a gruesome mass murder in a remote village, and the author captures the isolation and atmosphere of the place. Even though the incident is over the top, it's an interesting premise from which to begin.However, the author then steps outside Sweden and begins to go on at length about international politics, economics, and history. A major portion of the book is set in China, and it's quickly clear that his knowledge of that country goes no deeper than a few newspaper headlines. He has his characters expound in lengthy, boring monologues on the virtues of Communism, the wisdom of Chairman Mao and the political situation inside China. He would have the reader believe not only that Chinese peasants are ready to revolt, but that the Chinese government has developed a plan to solve the problem by relocating them to Africa. Actually, there are almost a billion peasants in China- sending a few million of them to Africa wouldn't even begin to address the issue, even if it were real. The whole structure is not only not credible- it's boring. Even the ending is bad- abrupt and unsatisfying.I look forward to Mr. Mankell returning to the things he does well. I certainly won't read any more of his stories which take place outside Sweden.
I wanted to like this book, really I did...especially after seeing the movie trailer.  The premise is intriguing.  However, I found the book to be a bit confusing since the "time traveler" appeared as child & adult at the same time and different ages while other characters remained the same age in the current year. Are you confused yet?  I tried looking past that, but just couldn't get past the laborious, unnecessary details regarding mundane events.  Okay, I'll just say it - BORING!  I found myself skimming through the monotony and finally gave up on the book altogether -- something I never do.  I'm really disappointed and hope, for once, that the movie is better than the book!
This book is good for many reasons and bad for many others.  The characters are brilliantly thought out and he combines plots and situations very well.  The statements that he makes about society in his own way are amusing and very poignant.That being said, I was expecting funny.  Perhaps I have a horrible sense of humor, but I never thought I did.  I didn't laugh out loud; I hardly thought the situation were funny.  I tried to picture them actually happening visually, and I guess that was kind of funny, but still didn't do much for me.  The characters are largely unlikeable and I didn't find myself caring about any of them; thus, I really could not get into this novel.Try it out if you want, but don't pay full price at Borders as I did.
I have a passion for reading books about outdoor experiences especially stories of the AT and PCT.  The style is very academic the author's voice only rarely appears.  The author is essentially sharing the results of a survey he did about AT thru hikers in 1989.  Therin lies the main problem, he shares insights about equipment and hiking technology that is completely out of date.  It is like reading about the merits of an Apple IIe vs. an IBM 286 computer to gain insights about computer technology.  That said, the insights about hikers and the long distance hiking are interesting, relevant and timeless.  Finally, there are many charts and list in the book that are hard to read on the original kindle (speaking of old technology).  This book is WAY too expensive for a kindle title.....
Shlaim is a self-proclaimed historian but not a real one.  If you want a history of the Middle East, Bernard Lewis is the Dean of Middle East historians
This is a collection of often old studies that the author has collected (I learned about the Harlow monkey experiments in college 30 yaers ago). His earth shattering conclusions include that we should strike a middle way between spirituality and materialism, and that often after people have bought something that they always wanted they are dissappointed. At the climax of the book he states that in order to be happy we need loving meaningful relationships and a job that provides us with satisfaction. What a shocka!!!!How we establish such relationships and find such jobs is our problem.In short a collection of simplistic drivel. However I give it 2 stars instead of one because it flows along nicely.
I was really disappointed in this book. I wanted to read it to learn more about the crazy people who handle snakes, but the author is just as crazy as they are. He barely delved in to the psychological reasons why these people might be drawn to such an extreme form of worship, but seems to take everything at face value (I.E "it's the spirit!") They were horrible people, and I question the judgement of a man (journalist or not) who would take his wife and children to see religious fanatics pass around poisonous snakes. A complete waste of time to read and only frustrating.
If you've ever developed a single web service and have read the SOA : Principles of Service Design (Which I rated highly) then the content of this book breaks down like this:50% of the content is contained within the aforementioned title.25% you already know.10% doesn't go into enough depth.15% useful content.Imagine if I was teaching someone the letter A, then I proceeded to immediately compare it to every other letter, that's what is done for every concept in this book. I actually think this would be a good thing, as a highly condensed reference book, but not how it is distributed across chapters.The worst part about this book is not really its fault. The web standards it references are out dated so you're forced to skip them in order not to introduce confusion into your understanding of the current web standards.A note about there being a prerequisite understanding would have made a world of difference. This book should not be this long.If you were reading this book to pass the S90.03 exam, then please note that not all topics are covered. I did pass, but only because of the working knowledge I already had.
This book is the epitome of useless texts.  I used this book for graduate mathematical physics as well as the "essential" version for undergraduate math methods.  I have yet to learn a single thing from this book or find it remotely useful as a reference.The explanations range from non-existent to shockingly awful to terribly incomplete.It appears that the authors simply vomited a collection of formulas into a word processor and sold it as a textbook.Mathematical Methods of Physics (2nd Edition)is much better.
Stop! Don't Do It!Behavior economics has become a hot topic of late.  Just take a look at all the books out there on the subject and frequent TV interviews of these authors.  David Adler seems to have taken advantage of this opportunity with a timely and cleverly titled book called "Snap Judgment" in which he tries to instruct his readers on when to trust or rather distrust your instincts when making financial decisions.The main premise of his book is that gut instincts or intuition can be traced all the way back to the evolutionary development of humans.  As Adler asserts, a person's gut instincts originate from the survival instincts honed by humans since the dawn of man-kind.  Unfortunately, this intuitive system often fails us in modern life when encountered with situations that require a deeper, more nuanced and deliberate analytical thought process.The book begins with some interesting stories, such as the one about a hedge fund manager who uses his emotions and instincts as a sort of contrarian indicator whether or not to invest.  Using his emotions as a contrarian signal, he continues to examine and re-examine his quantitative models and the underlying assumptions to understand the conflicting conclusions that are driven by his intuition vs. the models he generates from fundamental analysis.  Unfortunately, most of the more interesting anecdotes are used up about a third of the way through the book and throughout the second half of the book it seems to rambles and lose focus.  The 39 chapters over 264 pages covers a wide variety of topics from financial investments to health insurance and car accidents.  In the end, Adler really seems to veer wide from topic when he goes into a recap of last years financial crisis which feels more like reading an article out of Business Week than a book on snap judgments.Overall, after more deliberate and thoughtful analysis, it fell short of my expectations.  Perhaps, next time I should not be so quick to select a book based on a catchy title and the latest pop psychology fad going around the media airwaves.
Never in my entire life of rather prolific reading have I come across a book which, by its end, had me wanting it out of my sight so quickly that I all but threw it in the trash. I'm an admitted sucker for characters whom everyone falls in love with. This book takes that to the opposite extreme. Argiri gives us not one, but two men who are so obnoxious and emotionally stunted that it's all but unbelievable. The one character who I did like (very much in fact) and who made the first third of the book a perfect joy to read, leaves off rather early on. How his namesake, Simion, having lived through such a horrid and cruel childhood could grow up into such a vulgar, selfish, worthless prat is beyond me. And his beloved Professor? All he has going for him is his amazing artistic talent and his godlike looks. I'm all for beautiful people (in fiction, at least), but beautiful people with horrendous or downright absent personalities annoy me as much in the written word as they do in RL. I had had more than enough of this book with about 100 pages to go, but I made myself finish it---I think I was hoping for closure, at the very least. In the end I needn't have bothered---if anything, I dislike the book more now than when I first put it down.
If you have a clue what to do when you get older or know how to handle your elder relatives finances, this book gives you an encyclopedic approach to look up your answers. Or if you have a specific area you want to understand more, I'm sure it will guide you in the right direction.However, if you are like me and need a bit of a script or a plan for how to handle various situations, this book may as well have been written in Greek.  I guess I'm not sure where to look.  For my purposes I need something a bit more comprehensive, also something explaining in a bit more detail as to why I want to do one thing or another.I took several tactics to read this.  First from page one and just reading entire sections.  This was mind numbing and I know I will not retain this random information.  Then I decided to jump around and pick sections that interested me.  Still I found the information both too broad in category to cover some areas I was interested in, then in some I found very specific information about the category I wanted to know about, but not for the specific question I had in mind.I'm not unintelligent, I'm an engineer, but I'm most certainly not a financial or business person.  I think if you are moderately well informed about financial and issues around retirement, this book may give you what you need to know.  However for the rank novice it left a lot to be desired, which is why I rated it poorly. In reading the book description, I was expecting a bit more structured guidance.
Outlander by Diana Gabaldon is her first book in the Outlander series.  It is normally tagged as Romance/Historical/Fantasy.  2 out of the 3 tags confuse the crap out of me and this might be one of the harder reviews I have ever had to write.  Seriously.Apparently, this review needs actual discussion points. So let me start with the writing.  There are many and it is entirely in first person.  800+ pages in first person is a lot.  That being said, the words held that classic feel and undeniable talent of a word artist.  The audiobook certainly did the author justice with beautifully spoken accents that captured the essence of every character.Point two &#8211; Characters.  The two main characters being Claire and Jamie.  Claire&#8217;s character seemed to take on many different feelings throughout the book, but I am reluctant to call it character growth.  Claire felt undefined and muddy at times.  As if the author had not made up her mind on how the character should be portrayed. At times I liked her and at other times I felt she needed more than a good swift kick in the ass.  I felt Claire was especially disconnected in the first half of the book, which should not have happened with her first person point of view.  The TV show is a hot topic of discussion lately &#8211; Jamie being most of it &#8211; the allure of him through most of the book was obvious.  A wronged and beautiful man, especially in a kilt, conjures so many great fantasies and dream worthy thoughts.  He was swoon worthy and glorious.  His character, in contract to Claire&#8217;s, did feel especially well defined and level.  However; the ending of Outlander pretty much takes any hope of keeping this appeal and throws it through a wood chipper.Point three &#8211; Secondary Characters.  I thought the secondary characters were quite brilliant.  They varied greatly and really added a nice texture to the story.  I think it spoke a lot to that time, where good friends and family are the defining point between life and death.Point four &#8211; the Story.  OK, so I am going to start by just saying that this not a romance.  Sorry for those of you that feel it is.  I don&#8217;t think so.  Happily Ever After is what defines romance.  Outlander did not have a HEA, therefore not a romance.  I am not saying Jamie is not swoon worthy.  I am not saying that there was no sex.  You can put these two things into any genre &#8211; it does not make them romances.  This makes me wonder what direction the series on TV is going to take, but that is not really the discussion of this review.  I think that the overall story is a deep and unique tale, but not mind-blowing like I was expecting.  It is hard to go into why this book effected me as negatively as it did without there being a huge spoiler.  I will leave you with this thought:  I read as an escape.  An escape from reality where things are brutal and gruesome at times.  I work in a high stress environment with high conflict and abuse.  I don&#8217;t want it to be a big part of a characters story and I certainly don&#8217;t want to be left with the brutality of it lingering on my soul.Audiobook thoughts:  Davina Porter narrates Outlander like a boss.  Her artfully spoken accents added so much to the story.  I don&#8217;t think anything could have changed that would have made this a better listen.  I loved the timing and emotion Porter brought to the story.I rate Outlander 2 out of 5 Bullets and personally purchased this title via audible.com!
This book was given to all of us employees at a company meeting, a couple of years ago. We were expected to read it, for subsequent discussion in a future meeting.Normally, I would be positively ecstatic at receiving a free book, since I'm an obsessed book addict. Not this time.Had I seen this book in a bookstore, I would have moved on without another glance. As I reluctantly opened it and actually forced myself to begin to read it, I was immediately put off by the author's patronizing tone, as well as by the story itself, which concerns a silly allegory of mice hunting for the cheese placed in a maze.  How very illuminating!  So that means that, in the author's eyes, hard-working employees are reduced to laboratory mice, frantically attempting to discover ways to get the "cheese", which represents a raise, or a promotion, or any other corporate "perks", while management changes the rules at whim, forcing the employees to adjust, or lose the all-important "cheese"!This book is supposed to be about adjusting to change, especially in the corporate world.  There's absolutely nothing wrong with that.  However, there are many more helpful, interesting ways to address this topic, without resorting to ridiculous "allegories" that insult a reader's --as well as a worker's --intelligence.  Besides, the changes the mice in this book are supposed to adjust to are arbitrarily decided by upper company echelons.  Well, I suppose that should come as no surprise, since corporate America is not exactly a bastion of democratic ideals.Had the author presented practical, time-tested techniques to deal with and even use change to one's advantage, he would have been much more effective.  But then, of course, this would have been an entirely different book.A better choice regarding this topic would be `Resilience at Work: How to Succeed No Matter What Life Throws at You", by Salvatore R. Maddi.  Another excellent alternative would be "Change Thrivers: Your Resource Guide for Making Change Work", by Afsaneh Noori.There are many books on Amazon dealing with this and related topics that not only give a reader looking for answers to corporate and life change the necessary tools to cope, but do so without talking down to the reader.  Change is a complicated subject, incorporating such things as self-esteem, resilience, effective strategyzing, and communication skills. This book hardly equips one in these areas.I patiently suffered through the subsequent "discussion" meeting, which was really more of a "force-feeding", as I verified by a surreptitious glance around the room. The bored, annoyed stares of the other employees confirmed my suspicion that I was not the only one who hated the book.Suffice it to say that I couldn't get rid of it fast enough. I gladly donated it to the public library.
Casual game design is a really abstract book.  It covers things like how we play (in general, not just in games), why we play, what kind of behaviors people find compelling (sorting, seeking, constructing...), and gives examples of games that take advantage of these psychological preferences.  However, anyone who has played a bunch of old Nintendo games or online Flash games probably has a really good feel already for what keeps them interested and what flops; so much of the book is obvious.  There is very little practical knowledge in this book (not a line of code nor heuristic), and it comes across as a veiled 230 page advertisement for Popcap games - yes, we like Bejeweled and we know it's successful, but the discussion doesn't really give you any guidance as to how to make your own successful casual game beyond pointing out Bejeweled caters to our OCD tendencies.
there are def better trading books, there was someone in particular that i wanted to read about, that's the only reason i bought it
This is an interesting book that argues that returns can be made by following a regiment of buying (or shorting) as stocks break out of a narrow trend and selling according to some predefined algorithmic exit strategy.  The book is full of breezy anecdotes and biographies and tables and charts, but doesn't have any specific algorithms or mathematic modeling.  It left me curious but unconvinced.Also, the book is lacking the academic rigor and is flawed with jarring amateurishness. To take just one example, Covel recaps his debate with Geetesh Bhardwaj by giving scant explanation to Bhardwaj's objections to trend following and instead attempts to discredit him by pointing out that Bhardwaj had been employed by AIG when his white paper was written.  Covel even includes the comments of two anonymous bloggers (could they have been writen by Covel himself?) in his defense.  Covel fails to mention, as I discovered, that the white paper ("Fooling Some of the People All of the Time: The Inefficient Performance and Persistence of Commodity Trading Advisors") was collaborated by three authors, not just Bhardwaj.  All three have PhD's in economics/finance and a daunting list of degrees, awards, credentials, and titles.  Surely, their objections, if they are to be raised at all, deserve a more honest discussion.
This and Kahlil Gibran's "The Prophet" are the only two books I've ever read that I can honestly say I didn't understand one single word.
The latest version of the book is from 2006.  The kindle version is for the 1998 edition.  My rating is based on this alone.
The book does not deliver to the promise in its title.  It is yet another "discover fun in mathematics" book, mixed with a poorly written travel account.
I did not enjoy this book at all because it was writen in a very distracting fashion.  While it was unique, it was too hard to get into.  I also really hated the story, it was also too confusing to follow, to strange to enjoy, and to boring to care.  I totally hated this book and it was near torture and a waste of time to read.  The only reason that I read this was because it was for my book club.  The reivews, by the way, in the club were 50/50.  Some loved it, the rest of us hated it.  There was no in-between.  I would only recommend this book to someone who is into odd literature or to English majors, I'm not sure who else would like it.
Is this a book for beginners? Yes and no. Yes, in that it starts of with simple rules and guidance for beginners. No, in that, it soon develops into a complicated and advanced system that is definitely not for the beginner.Also, if you know Mike Mentzer's theories, this book is not much more than grand theft of his material in my opinion.There are good, detailed breakdowns of exercises and plans. There are clear explanations of the theories.Truthfully, this is the type of training most experienced bodybuilders cannot hack. So I don't know how you can expect a beginner to do it effectively.I do believe in the Mentzer principles. I do not beleive this is a good book for beginners though.
Intellectual thrillers are tough genre to get right, too often they are simple potboilers dressed up in fancy clothes or elaborate crackpot conspiracy theory ramblings masquerading as high art, or else they are heavy on intellect (or the semblance thereof) and light on thrill. Whatever their specific failings, few of their number live up to advance billing and breathless reviews that accompany them. One such work is this cowritten bestseller, which starts off intriguingly enough before dragging the reader in a long downward slide into disinterest.The book is centered on a suite of four male Princeton seniors, two of whom are obsessed with decoding the riddles hidden in a turgid Renaissance novel penned by an mysterious unknown figure. The story is narrated by Tom, the son of an academic who was also obsessed with the book (the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, apparently a real work). He is helping Paul, whose senior thesis is based on decoding the work. A very crucial premise to the entire story is the notion that while the book is largely ignored by the academic community, it inspires a fervor amongst those who seek to unlock its presumed secrets. If you don't find such academic questing interesting or believable, don't bother to pick this up. The supporting cast includes the two other suitemates, Gill (the effortlessly charming, handsome, great guy, blue blood, born and bred to Princeton and Wall Street type) and Charley (the token minority, paramedic, athletic, great guy), and Tom's girlfriend Katie (the smart as a whip sophomore, philosophy major, with a great head on her shoulders and a great a** type), along with an assortment of beady-eyed professors, a squirelly grad student, and the art dealer who is Paul's patron.The story takes place entirely on the Princeton campus, and does a decent job of integrating undergraduate life into the plot. Dining clubs play a big role, as well as more low-brow activities such as the Nude Olympics, laser tag in the steam tunnels, and the end of the year club formals. If reading about student escapades on an elite campus annoys you, this is probably a book to avoid--although honestly, these elements are handled far better than anything else in the book (which makes sense, since the authors went to Princeton). Tom's on-again, off-again relationship with Katie is supposed to illustrate the severe hold the book's mysteries hold for him, as he can't seem to manage a balance between working on it and seeing her. And although it's made painfully clear that working on the book is some kind of therapeutic way for tom to connect with his dead father, most readers will simply shake their heads and wonder what Katie sees in him to begin with.Finally, after 100 pages or so, someone is killed, and the pace picks up momentarily. Actually pace is a bit of a problem throughout, as confusing chronological jumps interrupt what little flow there is. The long middle bit is filled with various adventures in code-breaking, which rely on all kinds of arcane knowledge of nuances of ancient languages, mathematics, art, science, and Humanism in general. It's all explained, and it all makes sense, but more than a few readers will find it hard to swallow that two undergraduates are able to pull off such feats of encyclopedic prowess. (It is worth pointing out that one recent study of "genius" found a trend that major intellectual breakthroughs seem to occur at a fairly young age and are less likely to occur as one gets older.) As the boys get closer and closer to a breakthrough at the end, they are forced to contend with cracks in their various friendships, as well as the expected academic infighting that erupts around them. This all gets a bit tiresome, and isn't helped by some rambling passages about the nature of friendship and love. In the end, the identity of the killer comes as little surprise, and the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow is about what one would expect. In sum, neither a page-turner, nor particularly well-written (it is not, however, pretentious, as some reviewers would have it), this has little recommend it.I do find it interesting that it has provoked some the most unhappy reviews I've come across on Amazon. It strikes me as interesting that a number of people claim to have bought it based on the tag line that it is "The DaVinci Code for People with Brains", and then proceed to say it's no where near as good as The DaVinci Code (which I have not read). Now, if you read and enjoyed The DaVinci Code, why would you buy a book whose marketing explicitly mocks DaVinci Code readers? The book's own marketing positions itself against The DaVinci Code, why would you think you'd like it?
While I much prefer Nesbo and Nesser, I've read of few of Mankell's books from the Wallander series and enjoyed them for the most part.  I really looked forward to this book but was really disappointed.  The Chinese sections are rather tedious and long-winded and the story seems really contrived, i.e. our heroine just happens to have a friend going to Bejing, the homeland of the mysterious stranger she suspects has slaughtered the inhabitants of a tiny village.  Convenient, no?  Most unsatisfying is the ending, which seems rather abrupt.  And the motivation for this horrendous crime is never fully explored or explained.  It's as though the author said "2 1/2 inches is thick enough, I'll end it there."
I teach from this book, and I would not suggest it to anyone looking for an ESL grammar book. There are many inappropriate examples (not teaching the structures they claim to). The biggest problem is probably that the answer key of both the book and the workbook are filled with errors, which makes things very difficult for the learner. Grammar is not explained very thoroughly. The book is lacking in visual stimuli which are good to use to facilitate student discussion. (There are pictures, but they do not contextualize information, but simply illustrate a sentence or two.) Additionally, there is no coherence to the chapters. That is, no topics are covered, and therefore there is no extensive reading, and the grammar is always seen in a fairly decontextualized setting. The exercises in the book are not very diverse, mostly fill in the blank. Students almost never have to produce the entirety of a sentence on their own, and there is no extensive writing exercises.On the positive end, the book does have many graphs and tables that are nicely laid out.If you are looking for a good self study grammar book I would suggest Raymond Murphey's Grammar in Use. It has better explanations and is much more affordable. (http://www.amazon.com/Grammar-Intermediate-Students-Book-answers/dp/0521734762/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1355181039&sr;=8-1&keywords;=grammar+in+use)Another good book is the new Grammar and Beyond series by Randi Reppen (http://www.amazon.com/Grammar-Beyond-Level-Students-Book/dp/0521142938/ref=sr_1_2?s=books&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1355181069&sr;=1-2&keywords;=grammar+and+beyond)
I should stop reading Hemingway books, I just don't seem to understand his popularity although I understand he's a literary great I just don't like his writing. This will be the last EH book I read. To me the book was all about nada or nothing as one of the chapters is titled. He probably deserves his fame but I'm not a fan of his. Give me a Steinbeck book anytime. He's a great writer.
I followed this book in my undergraduate studies and what I remember very precisely is that I did not like it. William Stallings's way of writing is always dry, i.e., reader does not feel it interesting to read. This is by far the biggest negative aspect of this book. In addition, it is difficult to follow as well.There are far better options there, the best one is Computer Organization and Design by Patterson and Hennessy.
Guess what? A lot of people really like Hemingway. There are those who have never studied or even read another great author of the 20th century who has read Hem. This book was published after his death and I wonder if this wasn't something he wrote for his own kind of fun to attack and belittle everyone he knew in those years. Almost a practice writing exercise with malicious intent:  read it carefully, F. Scott is famously viscously trashed but so is every single person he meets. My feeling is that if he was in his right mind - if you were to read anything about his last years he was in very bad shape - he would have destroyed this before he killed himself.
I am always looking for interesting historical fiction as well as science fiction/fantasy novels, so when I spotted the Outlander series at the library, it seemed like a natural pick for me. I almost gave up on it entirely several times, but I was just curious enough about where the story was going to continue to the end (though, admittedly, I did quite a bit of skimming).I was truly hoping for an interesting book about the struggle of being a twentieth-century woman forced to live in the seventeenth century. The book did start off pretty well, even if the prose was a bit hackneyed at times. Unfortunately as soon as circumstances force the heroine to marry a seventeenth-century man, both the hero and the heroine become so obsessed with bedding one another that the more intriguing plot elements must take a backseat to their "great passion." Their great, boring passion. The book did get somewhat better when the couple were separated from each other--there was something besides their great "love" to read about.The interplay between sex and violence was also somewhat disturbing. I am not automatically offended by that theme in literature (I'm a Buffy the Vampire Slayer fan, after all); however, something about its execution here was unsettling--and not in a good way.Those who are looking for exciting, detailed historical fiction with interesting, albeit not always likable, characters would do much better with Dorothy Dunnett. Thorfinn and Groa in her novel King Hereafter are my idea of a great love.Those who are interested in fantasy stories would do better with Susan Cooper's classic children's series The Dark is Rising. The tension of living in different worlds is a primary story element here. Though the books are for kids, I encountered them for the first time at age 28 and loved every bit of them.
As a "first book" on commodity futures market and trading, this book is grossly inadequate in the depth of its coverage. Instead of giving the reader practical information that he or she can use right away, the author (a broker herself) devotes too much time and verbiage to history and her personal opinions. After reading the book, I still wasn't sure how to get started trading futures (which I'm genuinely interested in doing).For example, on page 57 the author talks about subscribing to quotes. She only mentions a couple of vendors -- and two of them are owned by the same company (at least that's what I think she means by "each of the two are owned by the same parent company" -- hello, editor?). I believe it's completely possible for an author of a "first book" to provide a table of accessible quote providers, *and* their current pricing levels, without appearing to endorse any of them. After reading this page of dense text, I still had to go to the web and bing futures quotes, in order to see which providers were available, as I could not believe only 2 or 3 were out there in the marketplace. Frustrating for a newcomer to futures, esp. as the book is not exactly easy to read and understand.As another example, anyone interested in getting into future trading will want to know which broker to sign up with. Which brokers charge discounted fees? Which brokers are reputable? No guidance is given in the brokerage firm chapter (chap. 5). I understand the author is a broker herself so may not have wanted to let the reader know about her competitors. Still, how can this claim to be a "first book" (which I take to be a primer) without at least printing a list of brokerage firms that the reader can do further research on. I might as well as have gotten all the general information she provides, and much more, from the web.Later chapters cover order types and commodity and financial futures. On the latter topic you get contract information tables scattered throughout the two chapters; it would have been nice to have them all in one place so the reader can easily reference it. These chapters fail to serve as either introduction (for the writing is unclear) or reference.In short, the book fails miserably at educating the reader about how to get started in the futures market. Maybe I was expecting a hand-holding tutorial type of book; so it fell short of my modest expectations. To get started in trading futures, I'll be looking for another futures primer. This book is not one I'd recommend.
At first glance, I - like other reviewers - thought that Cohen had written a nice reference where one could quickly find an option strategy that matches market conditions.  To a limited extent, the strategy table at the end of the book accomplishes this.  If you want to trade these strategies, however, you will have to learn how somewhere else.The axes of the six charts presented in each section are not labeled, do plot data and are too small to read.  The chart captions refer to option strikes that are not shown on the charts.  Neither are the  break-even points that are discussed in the text. The volatility charts often show volatility swinging from negative to positive to negative (Volatility can never be negative, but since the axes are not labeled, I assume that is what he is trying to plot here); yet the chart caption only says that volatility is either helpful or harmful.Also, the keys to the curves in the charts are inconsistent even though the curves appear to have been plotted for the same time frame.  For example, on page 79 curves are plotted for options at "Expiration", "5 months to Exp.", and "1 month to Exp." while on page 60 the curves are plotted for "Expiration", "Today - 1 month", and "Time (t) - 5 days".  I have no idea what the latter means.The text is so full of omissions and errors that it is hard to believe that the people who endorsed the book (Bernie Schaeffer, Alpesh Patel and Price Headley) ever read it.  Some examples follow.In the examples of net credit trades (e.g., p.45) the author calculates a return on investment (ROI).  There is no investment on a net credit trade.The risk profile for a calendar call (p.63) has no key.  What time period does this curve represent?The example trade for a diagonal call (p.68) states that the short call option expires in the money (ITM), but does not acknowledge that as a result of holding short ITM call past expiration, the trader will be assigned a short position of at least 100 shares in the underlying stock.As an example of a calendar put (p.73), the terms historical volatility and implied volatility are used interchangeable and both are said to equal 40%.  Historical and implied volatility are distinct terms (the former refers to the stock and the latter the option), they are calculated differently and are rarely, if ever, the same.The scenarios for a calendar put (p.74) correctly assume that implied volatility does not change.  This same assumption should have been made for the calendar call (pp. 61-63) but is not.The risk profile plotted for a diagonal put (p. 81) shows a maximum reward that is 100 times higher than the calculated value (p.80).  Moreover, the actual values for net credits, net debits, maximum risks and maximum rewards for all the example trades in this book should be 100 times higher than what is calculated.The example trade for a married put (p.88 - page not numbered) states that a stock is trading at 50.00 but is sold short at 49.75.  How can you short a stock at a price that is below the current market value?Throughout the book, Cohen instructs readers to "use online tools to find the optimum yields and breakeven points at and before expiration" (e.g., p.92).  What are these online tools and where do we find them?  He may be trying to say that before opening a position, we should find or acquire software that will plot a risk profile for that position at different time frames prior to expiration.Throughout the book, the terms "net debit" (e.g. p. 96) and "interim risk" (e.g., p.105) are used interchangeable, but the book's glossary does not define either of them.  Most traders know what a net debit means, but it is not apparent that net debit and interim risk mean the same.In the example of a straddle (p.126) the breakeven points would be more helpful if they were further apart, not more narrow.In the example of a strangle (p.131), the breakeven points are $1.30 wider at expiration, not $0.65.Throughout the book (e.g., p.139) we are told to find an option whose implied volatility is very low, but the stock is about to make an explosive move.  Only insiders have this sort of information, and if they are caught using it, they'll go to jail.We are told to compare guts (an option strategy) to a straddle and strangle "using the Analyzer" (p.143).  What is the Analyzer?  It is not in the glossary or explained in the text.The net debit for the example guts (p. 147) should be $4.20 + $3.80, not - $3.80.  And the maximum risk is the net debit - difference in strikes, not the net debit - difference in premiums.In calculating the net credit for the example short put butterfly (p.156), the premiums bought should total $9.66, not $9.64.In the diagram for a sideways strategy (p. 176), if the middle strikes of a Long Put Butterfly are separated, the position becomes a Long Put Condor, not a Long Call Condor.The puts and calls sold in the example of a short strangle (p. 185) are only one strike apart.  No one in their right mind would make such a risky trade.In the description of a long call condor (p. 198) the two middle options are sold, not bought.The description of a modified put butterfly states, "This is a fiddly strategy and should only be used if you have an analyzer handy.." (p.212).  What is a fiddly strategy and where would one find this analyzer?In calculating the maximum reward for a modified put butterfly (p. 216), the middle strike should be $55.00, not $50.00; the net credit should be $0.98, not $4.02, and the maximum reward should be $4.02, not $5.98.In selecting options for a call ratio backspread (p.221), the higher strike option should be one or two strikes higher than the sold strike, not the bought strike.The rationale for a put ratio backspread (p. 225) should be that you are looking for the stock to fall significantly, not rise significantly.The rationale for ratio call spread (p.230) states that this should be a net credit trade, but the risk profile (p.231) and example (p.232) are for net debit trades.In selecting options for a collar, the put strike should be ATM or just OTM (p. 243), but in the example trade (p. 245), the put strike is ITM."Uncapped reward if the stock falls" is said to be an advantage of a synthetic put (p. 253).  The maximum reward is actually capped at the stock price - call premium (pp. 252-253).The maximum risk for a long call synthetic straddle (p. 256) is limited if the stock does not move decisively, not if the stock rises.In trading a short call synthetic straddle (p. 263), the trader would buy, not sell, 50 shares for every call contract he or she sold, not bought.  Also, you would sell two ATM calls per 100 shares you buy, not sell.In trading a short put synthetic straddle (p. 267), one would sell two ATM puts, not calls, per 100 shares you sell, not buy.  The put's OTM strike would be lower, not higher, than the current stock price.In exiting a short synthetic future (p. 278), you cannot "exit just your profitable leg...".  Both legs are either profitable or unprofitable.I'M GLAD THAT THE OTHER BIBLE IS NOT AS SCREWED UP AS THIS ONE.
The rules have changed?  The author introduces cell phones and email to the audience.  If you are already aware of these 'new rules,' then you can skip this book.  The author is a name-dropping blowhard; and the writing is dull, patronizing, and offers little substance.Save your money for a work by someone who has actually achieved, and actually has some original ideas to share with you.  On a bright note, this book is evidence that if material like this can get published, maybe I can get my old biology papers marketed.
Generally, I like Steinbeck.  I liked Of Mice &amp; Men.  I liked The Pearl.  This book, however, remains at the top of my list as the worst book I have ever read.  It moves slowly and bored me to tears.  The only redeeming value of this book was that it was so short.
There are few early 20th century books that are more self-important, ponderous, self-indulgent, and overexposed than John Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath. Ostensibly a novel that is intended to highlight the labor injustice in the California agriculture industry experienced by Dust Bowl migrants of the 1930's, the reader quickly finds that the gaunt frame of this plot is heavily draped with endless similes, metaphors, and other descriptive machinations that merely serve to bore even the most persistent. Chapter after chapter Steinbeck's words ponderously crawl across the pages on their hands and knees, begging the reader to flip forward a few pages just to relieve the monotony. It is sure to delight every English literature college professor and fill Steinbeck devotees with self-righteous pleasure and an endless supply of meaningless excerpts to be pressed on unsuspecting but appreciatively nodding folks at the specialty bookstores in Hyannis Port and Berkeley. But for most readers, Grapes of Wrath is an unrewarding chore.Given the novel's pretensions it is no surprise that in the intervening decades legions of harried college freshmen and gawky high school students have been required to read, and lord help us all, interpret the words of Steinbeck in Grapes of Wrath until no remaining literary stone is unturned and whole forests of trees are cut down to feed the maws of the paper mills that produce the neatly ruled blue notebooks favored by professors and teachers for book reports and final exams. This constant exposure and the endless self-reinforcing literary acclaim in the seventy odd years since the publishing of the novel might lead the unsuspecting reader to consider taking it on as thoughtful grist for the mental mill. Let this review serve as warning label that should be on the back cover. There are hundreds of thousands of works written in the century before, during, and after that will better serve to both entertain and provoke the critical thinking the reader is looking for.Yes, Steinbeck was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Grapes of Wrath, a dubious distinction if there was ever one. Pulitzers are liberally handed out to the newsprint literati for purportedly socially meaningful articles and books that uplift the oppressed and cast down the powerful. So it is no surprise the Grapes of Wrath was so recognized for shining a light on exploitative corporate farming interests and the conditions endured by many in the horrid years of the Great Depression. Throw into the mix the ecological disaster of the Dust Bowl and one has a sure fire formula guaranteed to please hard-to-please snarky book reviewers. Is the book a good read? Heck no, but that is hardly the point.Steinbeck, this reviewer is sure, meant to ape Victor Hugo's Les Miserables (1862) when he wrote the Grapes of Wrath. It is telling that even the English translation of Les Miserables towers over Steinbeck's novel in terms of depth and readability, no mean feat when one considers that the French novel was excoriated by reviewers of that era as overly sentimental socialist tripe.  Grapes of Wrath continues to be a tempting resource for classroom assignments, particularly given its message of class struggle, social justice, and the neat ability to refer glowingly to FDR's social engineering conducted in his first two terms in office. Unfortunately this focus is in spite of the fact that the style of writing is tortured and archaic, that most plot elements have not aged well over the years, and that none of the main characters are overly interesting. These drawbacks are real achievements given the continuing relevance of questionable modern agricultural practices and illegal immigrant migrants in the 21st century.In terms of early to mid-20th century social relevance one could do better with The Jungle (1906, Upton Sinclair) or 1984 (1949, George Orwell). In the same era, but for literary visualizations, the reader is much better off diving into Something Wicked This Way Comes or Dandelion Wine (1962 & 1957, Ray Bradbury). And just about anything off of the Amazon bestseller list would be vastly more entertaining.
I did not understand the point of this book. The plot kept changing. In my opinion, the title is too long and since the plot changes then the title is only accurate half of the time. I never really got into the story. I finished the book but it took me forever. I could not relate to the main character or the book at all. The main character has autism. Throughout the whole book he never mentions it. You just have to infer that he has autism based on his behavior. The main character's behavior at times is not sensible at all. He's only fifteen years old yet he acts like a child. To my understanding, that's down syndrome not autism. I had to read it for summer school. If I was not forced to read it, then I probably would not have read it at all. I don't understand how it's a bestseller. When I told people I had to read this book for summer school some people said they liked the book or knew people who enjoyed reading it. I on the other hand would not recommend this book to anyone. Do not waste your time reading a book that is boring and pointless.
The early twentieth century, particularly between the wars, will no doubt come to be seen as a Renaissance of the modern era in all departments of thought and human activity. Consequently, it is of some interest to view it from the perspective of a Rosencrantz or Guildenstern, and it is this view that is presented to us through the eyes of T. S. Eliot&#65533;s wife.Unfortunately, we are no longer in that renaissance, but in a time of disillusionment and dissolution. All the great symbols are worn away, and what remains of major themes is turned into soap opera. The main thrust of this book is to paint a sinister portrait of Eliot and Bertrand Russell, and to create a victim out of the Muse and the power behind the intellectual throne of the day. There are interesting episodes here, which barely throw a small light on the minds of the major players, and it is difficult to believe that it was as incestuous and claustrophobic a community as painted here.The interpretation of T. S. Eliot&#65533;s poetry is decidedly suspect. For instance, the hidden laughter of children, so important an image in the Quartets as symbolic of the timeless, is taken here to be derived from &#65533;mocking&#65533; laughter. It is often second-rate analysis or just plain muddled or wrong.In order to paint a picture of the forgotten heroine, it is necessary to demote the status of the work to make her image stand out. This is achieved superficially by reducing the motivation of the work to the lowest common denominator, as though it may be derived from some form of closet homosexuality. This is to misunderstand the work as well as the symbolic significance of sexuality. That, unfortunately, is only to be expected these days. The painted picture of the spurned wife is indeed constructed by the author, who depicts her as one blown by the winds of fate in some tragic hurricane, passively standing by as she is robbed of her light that is fed on by others, and without which the poetry and the plays would not have been forthcoming.Much that is written here is already well-known and has appeared elsewhere. This book, however, hardly emulates or enlightens, and reads more like a re-working to support the rather suspect thesis of the spurned Muse. T. S. Eliot was no saint and was well aware of his failures, condemned by his own words to move from wrong to wrong. This kind of biography sheds little light on those times and judges too harshly and too quickly, as though our hindsight alone is proof of our enlightenment. On the contrary, it is the hallmark of dogmatic thinking which we have moved into, and unfortunately, such tabloid journalese is what passes for erudition these days. I expect it will sell very well.
This book was ok until the author flat out tells us he made it all up. Do not make it a biography if it is not true. The only good thing about this book is that it is over.
John Grisham really lets us down on this book.  The plot has possibilities, but he fails to develop it to its potential.  After The Testament and The Street Lawyer I thought Grisham would explore in more depth the moral dilemma confronted.  But instead the energy went into finding the source of the money and looking for ways to hide it.  The greatest curiosity about the book, however, is why Grisham misrepresents estate taxes as he does.  Even when considering the modest estate of the father without the hidden cash Grisham leads his readers to believe half would be eaten up in estate taxes. Surely as an attorney he knows the first $1m of the estate is tax free.  I had to wonder if he was pushing a political agenda in this book.
I love the patterns in the MinnowKnits series and have made several of them but was disappointed with this book.
Although my ESL students are enamored with Bill Gates, this book is outdated. Since technology has improved by leaps and bounds, this book is no longer relevant.
I had really high hopes for this book after reading the many online and print reviews.  I've heard from numerous people who loved this book.  I just don't happen to be one of them, I guess.Ultimately, I do not find Christopher to be a sympathetic character, and the writing style, told first-person from Christopher's POV, is highly irritating.  Almost all of the sentences start with the word "And," and it is normal for a sentence to actually be a series of sentences, strung into a very long paragraph that I suppose is meant to represent Christopher's speaking style.  I will still admit that I read this book very quickly, and I was extremely interested in finding out what happened.  However, I can't say I enjoyed this book.  It irritated me far more than it entertained me.  I suppose I should have given Christopher a greater leeway since he is autistic, but I just couldn't muster up enough sympathy for Christopher.
Okay, I won't lie, but the first night after starting this book I had a nightmare. I had a nightmare just 40 pages into the book! I was a little worried about continuing with it. Yet, I persevered and what terrified me more along the way was the writing. The writing was awful, just plain awful! I think my IQ was dropping while reading this! It got too repetitive as well. It seemed that half of the book was the main characters on the phone, explaining their experiences, or running back and forth between events. Not worth the time really.I also wonder if the events in the house are true or not. Mind you I have never seen any of the movies made to parody this haunting so I didn't know exactly what went on. I was familiar with the DeFeo murders, but nothing of what the Lutzes supposedly went through. It is interesting that nothing else happened to anyone living in that house after the Lutzes left. The activity itself seemed too much as well. I have read ghost stories and seen real investigations like on "Ghost Adventures" and stuff, and I don't think the house at 112 Ocean Avenue could realistically be that active, and if it was, then the Lutzes are just plain stupid for not getting out sooner. If their experiences were true, I'd have left on day 8, not day 28.I timed this book out pretty well by finishing it on Halloween, but next year I'm definitely going to do something different. I'll read horror stories from Stephen King if I really want a scare!
I think the book went way too slow. It came highly recommended and I was disappointed. It was the kind of book that I just made myself read because I don't like to just stop a book half way through.
I know a thing or two about autism and Asperger's syndrome - for the record they're quite different from each other - and had this book recommended to me on the grounds that it was just the sort of thing that would interest me.Sadly, it didn't interest me. It was kind of interesting to begin with - having a mentally handicapped kid as the protagonist was an unusual twist - but I found the story generally annoying and rather monotonous. Thing is... just because a book is 'innovative' or 'artistic' doesn't mean it's entertaining. Perhaps some people - mostly those authors who would make literature as boring as academia if they had their way, and who quite frankly have their heads up their bums - will think me  shallow for saying this, but I say that a book should first and above all be enjoyable to read. This book wasn't very enjoyable. It was original and innovative, yeah, but it wasn't fun. Too much swearing and smut, and grubby stuff that I felt I was better off not reading. The story rambles along on no particular path, and I never particularly cared about any of the characters.Also, its portrayal of an autistic (this kid is clearly autistic, not an Aspie - there's virtually no similarity at all) is rather unconvincing and not as moving as the author perhaps wanted it to be. I think autistic people would be most accurately written about by other autistic people. Normal people like us should probably leave well alone.
Jacob Have I Loved appeared a book of good morals. Plus, with the medal on the front cover why wouldn't you try it out? I was truly disappointed because the book had no morals at all. This story starts out with a young girl, Sara Louise, trying to find her own talents and self-confidence. She is continually hindered by her constant comparision to her beautiful and talented twin, Caroline. Sara Louise struggles inwardly with the favored attention Caroline receives. Also, Sara's parents fail to understand (and ignore) her depressing attitude (that seems to linger to end of the book). Her "granny" plays continual politics between the twins and not bothering to hide it either. Sara Louise's only comfort is with an old man of a grouch, whom she has a crush on. Completely disgusting, to which the author writes as "normal and acceptable". Sara Louise also fails to recognize how kind her best friend (I forgot his name) is for sticking up with her griping mood. Though he is described as "unintelligent", when he grows up to a young man and marries Caroline he suddenly becomes "intelligent". No explanation as to why. Meanwhile, Sara Louise notices her friend's change of mind and starts liking him right when he announces his engagment to Caroline. She's heartbroken and is forced (by her own will) to leave the island on which she lives to the mountains. There, she becomes a nurse and treats the mountain people. From here, the author rushes the ending on a few pages to say she married a farmer with a handful of kids...the end. No explanation if Sara Louise truly loved the farmer, and she never resolves her emotions on how different she is from Caroline in a unique way. This book DID NOT deserve the medal unless the Newberry standards are so low that a ten-year old who wrote a depressing story like this could win the medal. I should try.
I rented this book and returned it the next day. I read that an access code wasn't guaranteed and I didn't end up getting one with my book. I was going to purchase one separately until I realized they sent me the wrong book. The page I ordered it from listed the same ISBN as my college book list but the one on the book was different then the one I ordered. I returned it and bought it full price at my college book store. DO NOT RENT THIS BOOK!!!!!
On the surface, the idea for this book looks both plausible and filled with potential for high adventure.Positing an eccentric amoral genius entrepreneur who figures out how to take the 'many universes' interpretation of quantum mechanics from esoteric theory to operational machine, one that gives access to such a 'different' universe where effectively the date can be anything you can imagine, Crichton tells a tale of what happens to a small group of historians transported back to the France of the middle 14th century. Given that that period was not one of peaceful co-existence between the French and English, clearly any visitor would be placing themselves in harm's way. As a pure adventure tale set in period so far back that it certainly appears exotic to modern readers, it's not too bad, though just about all the characters are near-stereotypes and some of them are given to near-impossible feats of strength and endurance.But I had large problems with several items here. First were the large number of continuity errors: often the book takes sudden jumps from one scene to another, and the new scene either is not supported by the earlier exposition nor is there a back-fill later on to explain the new situation. An example is at one point our time travelers arrive at a monastery and are immediately surrounded by enemy soldiers. In the very next scene they are walking free, the soldiers having left and completely ignoring them. Looking back on some of these 'gaps', they look like they were constructed for TV episode scene cuts, there to artificially heighten suspense.Second were inconsistencies in logic. Another example: prior to departing for their trip through time, a security man desires to take some modern fire-power with him on the trip and is told that absolutely no modern artifacts would be allowed, due to possible 'contamination' of the time line - and in the next sentence we are told about certain devices they will be allowed to take, such as gas canisters, incendiaries, and in-ear communication devices, which are clearly modern artifacts that could cause such a contamination. And this is after a long discourse that time travel paradoxes are impossible. An author is certainly free to create whatever world/ideas he wants, but I do expect it to be at least internally consistent, and this isn't. Associated with this is a confusing and incomplete explanation of the 'many worlds' quantum theory and how this leads to the technology of the book.Third was an artificial suspense level created by needing to retrieve the time travelers in a fixed amount of time (and with what I thought was insufficient justification for the time limit). Chapter titles after the start of this trip are a down-counting clock, which as soon as you see the very first time hack, you just know that it will be down-counted to the last possible second. This is a very hackneyed device; it's been done to death in Hollywood thriller after thriller.Fourth is the reason provided for why this particular time and place was selected as a prime location to time-travel to, as it is another example of a very clich&eacute;d plot device. Worse, this justification is not provided until the very end of the book, so for the entire earlier portion, I was left with a nagging doubt about why they were going here and not some other more historically important time and place. Similarly, at one point there is great importance attached to the finding of a certain secret passage, but later events do not demonstrate why this passage is so important.Fifth is characters performing actions that are not supported by the previously defined type of person that character supposedly is. Certainly characters can and should change, but these were radical shifts and inadequately led up to.This is far from Crichton's best, needing a lot more attention paid to details and much better justifications behind the basic plot scenario.---Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)
After reading the first chapter, I discontinued the book.....it is not of the content that I expected.....probably a younger person would enjoy this title.
This is a candy novel. I am sure teenage girls love this book but the lack of character depth and sophisticated plot truly makes this one big bore of a read. Hmm...can everyone think "Harlequin"?. The time travel gimmick works well and is interesting for about 75 pages, then the book meanders. Henry is too boring to even be an anti-hero. The rest of the cast is a collection of ethnic stereotypes out of a tired TV series--Kimy's dialog is right out of Charlie Chan and Celia is like a hooker from any CSI show. Whew...the obsessed with sex naked man with the adolescent girl will draw in some readers but this embarassing element is even more absurd when you see this on screen in the new movie...one of the dogs of the year.
Thought I would get some real belly laughs, but no.  The events surrounding her father's death and how that affected her then and throughout her life was moving and interesting to hear about.  Other relationships and her chapters involving Madonna were just boring and I skipped through.  Not being famous I suppose I just cannot relate to how inconvenient it can be.  But surely if you make pots of money that must compensate you to some degree.  Not well written and not a great read.
but I could not finish it. It is brutally true about Mormon fanaticism. Something that is politically incorrect to talk about today.
Wow, when I got around to writing this review, I saw that there are already numerous Amazon Vine voices who had ordered this book and written their reviews.  Why so many?  Most likely because there is a lot of interest in "innovation", so that we can lead our team to build the next iPhone!  But does this book really help you get there?Pros:1. The author does offer a website for you to go and fill out questionnaires to assess your status (HealthChecks).  Registration is free.  Assessment tool is easy to use, though I personally prefer number scores instead of color bar / slider.2. Case stories - interesting reads!Cons:1. Online templates - these cost money!2. Too obvious in some places - for example, one of the tips is "learn from mistakes".  I thought that was taught when we were adolescents.What is most lacking though in the book is real solutions that a manager can use.  For example, pages 47-48 make reference to a business case.  I happen to find that business case (as in return on investment) is extremely important before approving a project.  The book does not do much beyond giving a short one paragraph description on this.  What good is a whole book on innovation if a business case can not be built to see if the innovations are worth a company's investment?In conclusion, while this book does a decent job calling attention to the subject of innovation, I find it lacking in providing real working solutions to the problem.
This is the most boring, poorly written book I have read in a long time.  It really was awful.  I do not recommend it to anyone.  I listened to it on a road trip and if we hadn't been confined to the car with nothing else to do we would never, ever have bothered to finish it.  It was so obviously a "first book" by a couple of guys who think they are smart but can't write worth a lick.
I read this book about ten years ago. I remember being entertained. I don't remember a lot of details but one thing is clear. It didn't happen.This book presents a prediction of a medical apocalypse. That doesn't seem to have happened. Does it?
the book was very dark with quitye ordinary characters i had already seen the movie which i loved particularly the eccentrc characters if i had read the book before seeing the movie i probably would have given it a miss
After the second reference to the Clint-on s-e-x scandal, I put the book down. I have better things to do than be subjected to a real life wife beater defending the philandering behavior of a wife cheater. Hey that rhymes. Now I can be a rapper.
Let me say, I was very excited to get my hands on this book.  All the rave reviews had me believing it would be great reading!  Well, I was very much mistaken.  Niffenegger's style of writing is very sophmoric at best.  She doesn't draw you in as a good author does.  I didn't feel any interest in how the characters ended up.  A truly great writer can take an idea (any idea), turn it into a novel and make you care.  This never happened for me.For example, Henry (the time traveler) would turn up in different times naked (in front of a six year old girl -- his future wife)!  I thought this was extremely silly.  The story went back and forth too many times to flow smoothly.  At one point, an older version of Henry is with the child Henry!If you want to read something worthwhile, check out Oprah's Book Club or try the classics.  Read William Trevor for some really thought provoking, wonderfully written stories. Try Edith Wharton or Ruth Rendell.I think the Today Show Book Club needs to be more discriminating in their taste...for the public's sake....please!  They wasted my time.
I really wanted to like Sam Lightstone's book "Making It Big In Software" and read it cover-to-cover, at some times forcing myself to read on. There are some good points in the book, which at its best represents a blend between the interviewing style of "Founders at Work" and the pragmatic advice of "Career Warfare". Unfortunately, the book is at its best far too infrequently to make it a recommended read.Aside from really lacking any really original advice or insights that are fairly common knowledge to folks who have spent a couple of years in the software industry, there are several other reasons I probably won't be referring back to this book very frequently:* The questions were pretty much the same for every interview. That's great for statistical comparability but really didn't do much to draw out the stories from the interviewees. At one point, I found myself thumbing to the end of each interview to find out if the "Do you think graduate degrees are professionally valuable?" question was going to be asked again.* An earlier reviewer pointed out the value in the use of personas to illustrate examples. Done correctly, I agree that this is a very powerful technique. However, the software development antics of Moe, Larry, and Curly in this book seemed less like personas and more like an attempt to compensate for the lack of more illustrative examples.* Lots of borrowed material. Much of it from the standard software journeyman's body of knowledge and some of it from popular authors such as Steven Covey, who seems to be a personal favorite of the author.* A chapter on compensation with salary ranges? C'mon, really? Aside from immediately dating the book, this is information that clearly could have been put out on a website and updated periodically so that the reference doesn't get immediately stale.This book may be of slightly more value (3 stars) to someone new to the field of software. I hope I'm not being unduly harsh but I find it hard to see how folks who have been around in the industry for 5 - 10 years can rate this book with 4 or 5 starts.
I know a little about electronics but as the add said, &#34;fix everything electronic&#34;. I thought I could fix microwaves and other appliances. I don't want to buy all of the electronic equipment it talks about. Nor do I want to fix radios and TV's. It was not worth the $13.75 I spent. I was so deceived that I shy away from paying anything for books now.
This book is ridicilous. It is a waste of money. I don't see how any publisher would ok it. I returned it. NOT worth the money or any at all. Save the trees with this one. The Author must know somebody or have an in somehow.  Don't waste money on it.  No lesson in it.
I read *lots* of not "politically correct" books to my child but not this one, b/c of the "spanking issue".  It is not at all obvious to me - as an adult - that the father would not really spank her as one reviewer suggests.For some kids these may be ploys to stay up but for many night-fears are very real.  I would not want to introduce more fears (spiders, etc.) for a child sensitive on this issue.  I don't think it wd/ help a child over-come them either.  (I don't read any of Rosemary Well's "unready" books as I don't want to introduce issues but I think they cd/ help someone overcome them.)It's not just that this book was written years ago, it is that it seems to have been written without kids in mind.  My daughter would not laugh at the mention of spanking!
Set in sixteenth-century Amsterdam, Cornelis Sandvoort hires a painter to portray him and his wife Sophia. But Jan van Loos, the painter, and Sophia start an affair, causing trouble. I liked how this had fast chapters, and I liked the Netherlands, but I found the novel not quite interesting enough. What can I say? I'm young and easily distracted! :-) (C)
Wow. It wasn't until page 69 that the author actually gives a TIP! I found this book to be worthless and the advice to be things I had already tried. I actually felt insulted by the tips she gave... as if any thinking mother hadn't already tried these things. We have a difficult child who fights every nap and it takes us 3 hours to get her to sleep at night. I was looking for a way to help her nap during the day. This book was not helpful. My husband and I laughed at some of the suggestions because we had tried all of that weeks ago. In short order, this was not for us.
As I keep working through this book, I keep coming across little errors that make it frustrating to use.  I know I make typos forget to carry over an exponent, etc.  I can always work back through and find where I went wrong.  Mostly the errors in the book seem to be with exponents xy^2 becoming x^2y.  I can accept books have errors, and math books in particular, but cannot accept there is no corrections information available to let me know when I've truly done something wrong, or the book has.  Hence, the low score.  It really isn't worth the frustration of finding out you were correct and the book was wrong.
I have read other ARS books; this one was not as good as others. THe middle and ending definately did not live up to the beginning.
Rasiel gets you with the McKinsey Brand; that's the real story here.  Good job of marketing, but the book is way too shallow to be of any use.  Rasiel hints at McKinsey secrets but never scratches the surface (my friend who works at McKinsey thinks no one will publish the "reality").  The book may be interesting for someone who would like to get a romanticized version of what it is like to be a respected consultant, but that's probably it- the book is more of a feel-good rahrah than anything truly unique and inspiring.  It seems as though Rasiel wants us to believe that McKinsey was the first to use the scientific method and engage in creative thinking... his examples leave me dissatisfied and are too general- in the end it sounds like he is sitting for an interview rather than exposing the secrets behind a well-respected company (then again, maybe he is looking for a job now?!).  In conclusion, at least the book doesn't give any really poor advice and it wouldn't hurt a younger (read 16-21) reader to brush up on the tips he throws out.
YAWN!  Nothing new and no personal responsiblity.  The man is the ultimate narcissistDon't waste your money.
Although it may be of some use as an introduction to persons who have never walked on a desert trail or been to the American southwest, and though the book constitutes a useful primer on equipment, navigation, & survival techniques, the book is poorly organized and edited with much less information than one might expect from a book of its physical size. It is not handy enough to throw into a knapsack nor is it well designed or beautiful enough to qualify as a coffee table book. The author appears to have done just enough research to cover the subject and satisfy his editors. There are no first hand descriptions of desert hiking or any first hand descriptions at all to suggest the author has any experience whatsoever. Less than one page is devoted to animal transport, ten pages to bicycle transport, and 32 pages to motor vehicles. One may thus conclude that the author has probably never walked more than a few hundred yards from a motor vehicle. The extremely modest effort made to be inclusive (to justify the title) by tackling all the world's deserts results in a text that suffers exceedingly with regard to specific characteristics of North American desert regions namely the Great Basin, Mohave, Sonoran, & Chiricahua. The few paragraphs dedicated to each of these is utterly insufficient in doing more than indicating their geographic location. The list of plants, animals, and insects for all is inexplicably conjoined and superficial (only 43 species of flora and fauna including reptiles and insects) and inadequately illstrated. Albeit a number of new species are introduced in the chapters on hazards and survival but these are not illustrated or very well described as to habits, distribution, & frequency. So much more is available from any decent nature guide (Peterson's, Audubon, etc.) Indeed the Golden Guides offer better coverage of Southwestern desert life & local culture despite their diminutive size. The author includes many lists of recommended supplies but little explication as to the rationale for their inclusion or their practical use. The author simply cribbed official sources including military manuals for much of this information. The assumption seems to be that you can carry all this stuff in a motor vehicle or helicopter. Though poor in describing North American desert regions and their ecology the book is nevertheless a decent introduction to certain technical aspects of desert hiking such as navigation and survival strategies. However all this information is readily available in other more thorough and entertaining hiking, camping, and survival guides. The skimpy two page bibliography inexplicably omits anything specific to the ecology of American deserts or to any of the well known, extremely useful, and entertaining works by Colin Fletcher ('The Man Who Walked Through Time', and 'The Complete Walker') or those by Edward Abbey ('Desert Solitaire') nor does it contain any comments on the usefulness or entertainment value of what is listed (How useful or entertaining is the ca. 1325 travel description by Abu Ibn Battuta?) The 'Resources' appendix is likewise superficial and omits a source for an important orienting product discussed and illustrated in the text (Suunto). In short, the book appears to be an editorial commission that though workmanlike as a piece of technical writing it utterly lacks any flavor or sense of what is purported to be described. The most useful chapter in the book is probably 'Water Supplies' with the paragraph on hyponatremia being the most important but there is no discussion as to how to make your own remedy for sodium deficiency until six chapters later when an inset describes the internationally accepted re-hydration formula.
What a prolific attempt at gouging medical students!  Don't be fooled, this is exactly the same as 3rd edition(published 2010), with the exception of 3 new cases.  That doesn't warrant a "new" edition in my book (no pun intended).
In their new book "Death by China Confronting the Dragon- A Global Call to Action", Peter Navarro and Greg Autry try to put China back into a fair and free trade position.  They do this by basically bringing out every bad thing that China has done globally and in particular to America's economy.  The book is layed out in a straight forward approach on issues from pegging the Yuan to the Dollar, unfair trade practices, various ethic, environmental, military build-ups, software/intelligence piracy, and other socially responsible issues.  All of these are well known and are touched on lightly in this book.  There was no index or much in the way of source references in this version of the book that I read.  Some of the issues discussed here and their possible results fall into the area of supposition and guess work.  China doesn't have an open playbook for the world to read and follow.  They play by their own rules and are not very open to the global community.  Other issues are well known like huge trade imbalances and their pursuit of off-shore resources from less developed countries.  Their cyber-attacks on America's Corporation are very real and real-time network security measure are needed.  So there are areas in this book I found myself in agreement and quite interesting.  What makes me give this book a low rating is the negative slants, biases and distortions.  The book is aimed to alarm and create emotional awareness which it does but some of the issues and suggestions fall into fear and loathing instead of real dialogue. China has very real problems that need addressing but this book, while bringing these things to light, sets up more barriers than solutions to problems that are mainly in the arena of American corporate business policies.  Not much will change unless Corporate America buys into changing the way they do business and that appears not to be happening. Good luck with trying to regulate consumption. There are so many issues this book scratches the surface on that I can't really recommend it.
Obviously Penrose is a super mathematician.  The book is comprehensive and well organized, and the illustrations are very helpful.  The first 400 pages concern mathematics, the remaining 650 pages concern physics, both of the microcosmos and the macrocosmos.  The equations are very abstruse, with very few actual computations provided, and very little physical data are provided either.  As a theoretical physicist and systems/mechanical engineer, I felt obligated to read this work, which took about 10 days to complete.  It was worth the effort, because Penrose does critique the existing theories and, in particular, explains the conflict between General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics.  He clearly knows that a better theory would be desirable, but doesn't provide one; his own theory, Twistors, has no testable predictions. No one seems to be able to come up with a viable theory of "quantum gravity."  What's irritating to me about this work is that Penrose goes through practically every idea in modern theoretical physics--except for the one I've been working with since 1965:  the Reciprocal System of Dewey B. Larson.  There is no excuse any more for the physics community to keep ignoring this unified, general theory--which is precisely the kind of theory which Penrose says he wants.  The Reciprocal System does feature discrete space-time, which Penrose himself advocates.  But Penrose will not budge from General Relativity and curved space-time, though all the recent space observations show that the universe is Euclidean.  Larson's work and my papers are freely available on the Web; after you read Penrose's book, you might want to look at the Reciprocal System.  I do recommend Penrose's book to mathematical physicists as I do think that his critique of the current situation in modern physics is right on.  I just think he's ignoring the solution!
I found that reading the majority of this book was like doing homework.  The author makes fair points but spends way too much time explaining the details to support relatively basic concepts.  For example, 10 full pages were dedicated to how news events can affect stock prices.  The first 6 chapters of this 7 chapter book describe how the average individual investor doesn't have a chance to intelligently (and successfully) invest in the stock market when compared to sophisticated institutions.  These companies utilize powerful algorithms and instantaneous technical tools, and know (and act on) critical information before it ever shows up in the news.  I couldn't agree more with this conclusion, although it wasn't a joy trudging through the arguments and examples that support it.  The last chapter finally gives reasonable suggestions on how to approach individual investing, but to really understand it you'll have to buy another book on options.
If it were not for the nuggets of good information and insights contained within this book, I would have have given it but one star.  As it stands, it is about a 2.5.  The content is good, but the presentation of it is quite dry and at times hard to decipher because of the jargon used.  Another reviewer makes a good point of that.  It is also more of a textbook and less of a self help book.I would say only read this book if the subject matter is of great interest to you or are out of other books. There are some good points made and interesting examples put forth.  Applying it to your own life is a little more complicated as there are few if any instance where to the point advise is given in a concise manner.I feel I've learned some things from reading this book, but not enough to offset having to wade through how it was written.  I'd like to say I've become an Influcener, and if perhaps I convince you not to read this book, then perhaps I have.
This book was given to me as a gift.  It costs 12 dollars to buy and it takes 20 minutes to read.  Believe me, your money is better spent elsewhere.Mr. Johnson basically trys to take a story about mice and relate their existence to ours.  We may be able to use mice to test medicine and vaccines, but they should not be used as a basis for how to live our lives.  As humans, we are FAR more complicated than a couple of mice in a maze.If you are looking for a "Self-improvement" book, I think your money would be better spent on Stephen Covey's "7 Habits of Highly Effective People."
Dear ReadersThat's right I don't like it.The first one " The Double Helix" I didn't like either but I was trying to be a nice guy.But I don't care this time. The book?......why should I like it?Because this guy got a Nobel Prize?......no sorry can't go with that reasoning.First off, Physicists, like this guy puts it on page XX of his introduction, "can only deal with small numbers of interactive particles because according to this guy if the number of these particles gets too big then physicists just walk away from the problem because "they think" as he says that they think biological problems are  "too big".........sorry that's not a fact....it's just the opposite.....in fact.oh really?...how about 10 to the power of 23....???Ever heard the term "Statisitcal Mechanics"????Then he says that "Life is Chemistry"....because DNA is chemistry or ...okay....but what is Chemistry anyway???.....like maybe Physics????He keeps saying that he and Crick " solved the problem of Life"....okay so where's Crick right now?....where are a lot of those Nobel Laureates right now?Nobel prize what????Also he ( or his ghost writer) misqotes Schrodinger on p.35....where he says"..He even speculated that understanding life.....might take us beyond the laws of physics as we understood them."right but in my copy of "What is Life" on p.47...under the heading..."Explicable by Quantum Theory"...Schrodinger writes..."the mechanism of heredity is closely related to, nay, founded on the very basis of Quantum Theory."....now what's going on?.....then we get a lesson in "Eugenics"....and even we get the name "Hitler".....is that even scholarship?...to mention Hitler?....as if this Hitler was a significant benchmark is science?....in Political Science yes I can understand.....in Pschyopathology......yes an even better topic....but do I want to associate genetics with a name like that???Bertrand Russell hated Dewey....at least not personally but hated his thinking.Dewey would say that the truth is "what we all agree on"....that is if we agree on some issue then that is the truth....well this book to me reminds me of just that.What is the truth about DNA?You won't find it in this book....I looked. ( well there's a few facts but...not the cure)This is just like the Roman Catholic Church in the time of Galileo.....it's all about authority....whose authority???...well the status quo....et al.....not about science........science is testing....not opinion....The Church didn't want to look bad....so they "did it" to Galileo.And the establishment has been "doing it" to scientists ever since.Like for example the "MIB"....( Men In Black )....don't really look for Aliens like in the movie.....they "hunt" "heads"...genius's, computer hackers, virus builders, Nuclear Device people..you name it....perhaps some of it is justified...okay...but they'll tail you 24/7 nevertheless if they think you've got something big.St.Paul to the Corinthians...???.....please!!!!!sjw
It really pains me to give only one star to anything by Georgette Heyer, but my one and only steadfast rule in rating books is that all DNFs get one star; and try as I might, I just couldn't make myself finish this one.I started The Spanish Bride expecting something like Heyer's An Infamous Army:  a nice, romantic story with just enough battle scenes and military detail to add interest, but not so much as to overwhelm the story.  Alas, The Spanish Bride would have been more appropriately titled "Wellington's Battles in the Iberian Peninsula Circa 1812" because that pretty much sums it up.It reads more like a NF account of this particular phase of the Napoleonic Wars that an HF story.  Almost from page 1 Heyer jumps right into the battles and stays there, with only brief intermissions that allow a peek at the lives of Harry Smith and his teenage wife, Juana.  I really wanted to care about Harry and Juana and their story, but Heyer didn't allow me to; she told almost nothing about them or their background, and, as I stated above, their story was really reduced to short interludes.  I made it just over 1/4 of the way through, decided it wasn't going to change, and gave up.  Life is too short to spend my time reading books that I have to speed read/skim through 3/4 or else be bored to tears!!The only people I could recommend this book to are those who are looking for a good account of this particular part of the Napoleonic Wars; it is well-written, so there is no complaint there,and Heyer is known for her thorough research and attention to detail.  The only other reader who might enjoy this is someone who is a diehard fan of George Heyer and who wants to read everything she ever wrote.If you don't fit into either of those two categories, then I recommend you skip this one.
This novel might have made a decent short story of about 50-60 pages. After you've read that far you've gotten all there is to be gleaned from it and it's a struggle to proceed further. Yes, we get it Margaret Atwood, you find religious extremism scary. And well you should, when we've seen what the Taliban and Islamic fundamentalists have done to women and gays all over the world. Had your story been more mythical, as opposed to  a poorly veiled attack on Christian fundamentalists (and I am not one so I have no particular dog in this fight) it could have been intriguing. Instead we have a dull and misguided polemic about how backward and misogynistic Christian evangelicals are.
This 2-language dictionary will translate from the first language to the second, but not from the second language to the first, a common and serious failing among Kindle multilanguage dictionaries. That said, the Collins Italian-English dictionary is some use, and it's better than completely worthless, though it's definitely not worth the price.
On the topic of ME (CFS) almost every statement was false or misleading. For example, evidence for the only two general treatments recommended, CBT and GET, is inconsistent at best and these interventions certainly have greatly increased morbidity in many cases. Clinicians are told to tell patients that most patients recover. Yet, recovery rates in studies are generally 4-8%. A high incidence of child abuse is cited, but the study relied upon (Heim) has been widely discredited (see journal articles by Prof. Leonard Jason).
1. Take a look at the bestseller list and see what is popular and making a ton of money. (Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, Dante Club, Club Dumas, Shadow of the Wind, Codex (which sucks), and any Umberto Eco)2. Steal the formula these books used to interest readers, in this case: Mysterious Murders and Secret Society (Renaissance) Conspiracy Theory based on Knowledge of the Ancients Hidden in Works of Art and Books Stumbled upon by the Protagonist.3. Center the story around a mysterious work that no one can pronounce (Hypnerotomachia Poliphili), therefore making it more exotic and intriguing than it really is.4. Use a marketing strategy that, in its hype, compares this book to the ones on the bestseller list that the story formula was stolen from, therefore implying that it is creatively and intellectually equal/better to these bestseller books.5. The fact that the writing is boring and sometimes painful to get through doesn't matter.6. The fact that all of the stereotypical characters all have individual "intellectual super powers" that come in handy quite conveniently to solve one of the puzzles to the greater mystery where no one else can, doesn't matter. And the rest of the characters "coincidently" fit into the devious plot as it reveals itself. How convenient.7. The fact that this book sucks on all levels, doesn't matter. The publisher is making a lot of money.
I really wanted to like this book.  It is in a period of history that I really like and is a length that I like.  I like long books where the characters really have time to develop.Unfortunately, this book was just annoying.  I did not care for the main protagonist and the other characters were really not developed.  I found myself skipping pages at a time to get to a part of the book where the story had moved on.  This is not something I do usually since I read very fast and have no problem getting through a book no matter how long.  I do not recommend this book unless you can get it for free.
I was disappointed in this book.  Several times while reading it I was tempted to toss it aside and pick up something more worthwile, but I plodded through it to the end.The author, a linguist, has an admitted distaste for "traditional" rules of grammer.  (Which explains why he butchers grammer throughout the book.)  He decrys the degradation of literature (and music), but at the same time his own writing style is casually-styled (he even admits this at the end) and even vulgar throughout.  On top of this, there are numerous places in which he misuses words (e.g., "anymore" instead of "any more" on p. 115).From another author on another topic, errors like that would be overlooked.  But, for a LINGUIST writing a book lamenting over the degradation of language???In the end, I had to give him two stars, simply because I agree with the premise of his book.  I just wish it had been better written.  It's not one I can recommend to other readers.
Due to the high praise I think it's a hit or miss and for me it was certainly a miss. I got through half of it which I thought was an accomplishment - it is so boring, pointless and at moments simply strange. I did not find the humor in it; the main character is a loser....that's it!
Full of errors, typos, and omissions. My guess is that Schaum is to blame and not the author, since Dr. Ross' "Modern Mandarin Chinese Grammar" text is much better than this.No table of contents: Some reviewers have said their Kindle edition didn't have a TOC, but they have printed copies that do have a TOC. My copy is a print one, but it also had no TOC. So it's not just a Kindle problem apparently -- some of the print batches must have been missing that too. Sloppy on the publisher's part.It's fantastic that there are exercises to work on, and a key to answers in the back. However, I found that many of the answers in the key used different structures than what were explained in the relevant section, leaving me to wonder exactly which kind of sloppiness this was: was the answer actually WRONG, or did the author give grammatically correct responses that happened to be poor examples of the grammar points she was trying to make?Most examples are supposed to have both traditional and simplified character versions, but many have just one or the other (not consistent).Bottom line, you can easily do better. The same author's "Modern Mandarin Chinese Grammar, Practical Guide" is greatly superior and a surprisingly breezy read, though more expensive and you have to buy a separate "Modern Mandarin Chinese Grammar, Workbook" to get the exercises.
I've been investing since the early 80's, and I have read any number of investing books, and I have to say that this is one of the oddest books I have encountered.  Not much in the way of hard information, it all seems insubstantial, but at the same time, nothing that set off any alarm bells.  Until the eight and final chapter, where he takes a hard right turn and suddenly is talking about becoming a full-time stock trader!  Huh?  I guess I'm just a dumb main street investor that can't understand the subtle nuances of investing, but I can't get my brain to reconcile dividend investing, which would imply at least a degree of buy and hold investing to capture the dividends, and full time stock trading.  And no effort is made in the book to reconcile what would seem to be two different investing methods totally opposed to each other.  And according to him, he sold a family business that "provided my family and I with financial freedoms and flexibility" in order to become a full-time stock trader.  But wait, there's more!  He apparently also talked his wife into their selling their home (!) so that they would have additional capital should be encounter investing difficulties.  Yeah, now there's a game plan that everyone should follow.  What could possibly go wrong?  This is not a book that I would recommend to anyone.
There are too many books telling you what is right, how to progress your career to be a superstar and unfortunately all of them preach the same mantra.This book is no different - talking about getting a mentor, constantly learning .... etc.  And at $24.99 - it is highly overpriced
This is a book that should be read by people just starting out.  If the suggestions in this book are followed, you may be able to retire happy, but it's too late for us.
If you liked The Secret, you'll probably enjoy this too.If you thought The Secret was a crock of you-know-what, well, this is more of the same - without as strong a theme to tie it together.Rarely have I seen such a bunch of anecdotal hand-waving in one place. And published! Is this really what they do at British universities?
&quot;A Painted House&quot; is definitely not a page turner and not John Grisham at his finest.  I think he made a mistake when he deviated from what he does best, and that is writing stories about law and order.  &quot;A Painted House&quot; is the kind of book that is easy to put down and not pick up again for days.  I found it rather slow and at times downright boring.  People slave in the cotton fields day after day and fall into bed completely exhausted every night, only to get up again the next morning to repeat the whole process over again.  This is not to say that there weren't some interesting pages in the book about migrant workers and mountain people who came to pick cotton so that they could make ends meet and put food on their table.  However, in the final analysis, I thought this tedious tale would never end.
FAR FAR left crap.  She mixes politics into a "self-help" book and swears that Obama will save us all. How's that HOPE and CHANGE working for you now.  For any Koolaid drinkers, drink away.  Facts are bogus, but White sacrifices a few wackjob Democrats to look Fair and Balanced.  Garbage in, garbage out....my Comp. Sci. prof. used to say.Five Ideas: (ONE) 80% of ALL Americans can't afford to retire (so the Feds must force employers to install pensions or 401K plane with a 9-10% cost-free contribution of the employee's earnings); (TWO) Over half of ALL Americans can't figure out how to borrow for a house (& need the Feds to tell them); (THREE) Americans can't afford college (so it needs to be a free benefit from the Federal Government); (FOUR) 35 million people are too stupid to understand credit card debt and the rest are almost as stupid, so the Feds need make new laws to protect credit card users from those nasty banks; and (FIVE) We must have campaign reform eliminating business lobbies and only allowing far-left groups, unions (like the SEIU), and groups of citizens organized by the far-left ([...]). For all these things we need to back Obama to the hilt so he can "transform the country." Drink that Koolaid.Propaganda. She mixes some truth in with psychobabble and tries to spin very weird ideas for retirement. She wants us to invest mostly in stocks.  HUH.?The mortgage mess was, of course, all the fault of the bankers. But have hope, Barney Frank and other reformers will be correcting the situation in the future. Barney Frank....HUH....a reformer...WHAT!  Roosevelt's a hero for creating the FDIC credit for ending the depression.............HUH.  Time to smash Phil Gramm and other nasty Republicans for destroying all of that. The good news is that Omama is working with a little group of gutsy reform-minded Senators, including Carl Levin, Byron Dorgan, Dianne Feinstein, Jim Webb, Bernie Sanders and Maria Cantwell, all Democrats, of course, to correct everything.White list the best places to live - why? More pages for her book.Rather that having parents save in preparation for sending their children to college, the author says almost everyone will have to borrow to send themselves through college. I have THREE in college now.  I have ZERO loans, oh yes, but, of course, as a rich Public School teacher in a school where 60% of the students get FREE or reduced lunches I can pay cash for everything.......NOT.  I planned 25 years ago, drive an 18 year old car, take my lunch to school, and am smart with my spending, so my children will have NO debt.  But I won't have any debt either.  Obviously she is fixated on the Ivy League rather than state universities.  My children are in solid, state universities that are good places of study.  Harvard, MIT, Yale.....who needs them.  Besides, a middle-class American from a religious, conservative background has absolutely no chance of getting into Harvard, even if he/she is his high school's valedictorian and scored a perfect 1600 on the SATs.  She thinks all parents are stupid? Savings are out here. White just doesn't know it. So she wants the government to GIVE students loans directly as a forerunner to free college for all.Then the corporations........VERY BAD.....mean and ugly places.....who are buying Congress and not giving their workers a fair share. She praises the unions as having been instrumental in forming the middle class, and wants the corporations and rich people to pay for almost everything. OK, so the unions are wonderful. How's that General Motors (or Government Motors) deal working out......GM just keeps sinking into the abyss.......we mere mortals bailed out the UAW whose workers earn $68.00 per hour.  Let's see how long that will last.....as China and Italy own more of GM everyday.Maybe less internet sources using Google, less Keynesian economics and more Hayek is needed to be valid.  No individual responsibility is necessary according to White.  We are all too stupid.  The left fails to understand the American people.  This is just another example of the lunacy of the far-left where the answer for everything is another government program. When reading this book, which I do not recommend, one should remind himself whether college was more affordable before the government got involved, if people lived better in retirement within their families before the government got involved, and if we're really happier now that the government gives us all this "free" stuff.  The angst of the baby-boomer generation as represented by this book simply was banished through prudent saving, money-management, and living within one's means. If one doesn't want to do that, they should not look to my tax dollars to provide for them. In a sentence, they didn't do without, so now I don't believe it's my duty to do without again to provide them with the quality of life they desire. I recommend that everyone try saving and living within one's means, but as far as buying this book is concerned, no.
Yes, I know the title sounds snobbish, but that's just what this book is, I very much regret to say.I bought this after becoming enamoured of the crime novelist Jeffrey Deaver's character Kathyrn Dance, an investigator specialising in interview and interrogation. As usual, Mr Deaver had done some homework, and was proud to list his sources in the first novel in the series. Unfortunately, I'd lost all my references, so I thought I'd purchase this volume to find out more about the area.I wish I hadn't. This work is beyond abysmal and titanically expensive, to boot.I feel rather sorry for the authors (now in their twilight years, it would seem), since they intend their work as a pioneering text with all the academic apparatus that a work in such a young field would require: footnotes, references, supporting evidence, etc. I would really, really like to think the authors know what they are talking about, but at every turn I am dumbfounded by their naivete. The book just comes across as a dimwit's idea of what an academic work is. Have you ever seen a 15-year old boy who think he's James Bond? That's as close an analogy as I can get.Every attempt the authors make at academic justification is just wrong, wrong, wrong. When they introduce an authority, they don't simply cite the work, they go out of their way to describe a biography, as though they are selling weight-loss products on late-night TV. In an academic work, one would refer to, for example, "the SCAN method (Sapir, 1987)". In this book, it comes out as:"In the late 1980s, Avinoam Sapir immigated to the United States and began teaching a method of statement analysis he created, SCAN. Sapir, with a background in code breaking for...."No, guys, Avinoam's biography says nothing about the validity of his method, and you show your amateurism by implying that his bio does just that. Wrong, wrong, wrong. This book is full of such examplesNor could the authors afford a decent editor. The exact same illustrations are printed several times through the book, some with captions, some with out. Many portions of text are repeated.But what of the actual techniques the authors propose? I give you chapter 6, Forensic Statement Analysis (pages 59-89). As a case study, the authors give the statements of four suspects involved in a furs (!) robbery subjected to Mr Sapir's SCAN questionaire, as refined by the authors themselves. The authors declare that the sophisticated SCAN questionaire can winkle out the dastardly villain. After answering the inscrutable questionaire, what fiendishly subtle question gave the real crook away? I reveal the exchange to you, dear reader, as quoted on page 83:"Did you take any of those missing furs?""Ye -- No."Brilliant! God help us if police forces around the world are actually using it as some sort of manual.
This is Bellow's most perfect work. Its tale of Money , Madness Murder Machine is yet another take on the Willy Loman small business -man- tragedy theme. Tommy Wilhelm the hero of the book is s a struggling , divorced father of two temporarily living in the same hotel in Upper West Side Manhattan that his father, the successful and mean, Dr. Adler permanently resides in. The action is contracted into a few days in which Wilhelm who has invested his last money with the dubious healer, brilliant crackpot Dr. Temkin , sees this money and his hope of rescue, disappear.The work captures the spirit of a certain kind of West- Side New York Jewishlike culture. It has hilarious and brilliant portraits of minor characters, like the small- time agent Maurice Venice who has guided Wilky's brief film- career to disaster. It is rich in the philosophy of failure and success, of desperate hope and search for deliverance.Its final scene in which the broken- Wilkie comes by accident upon a funeral cortege and begins weeping uncontrollably - is  a tremendously powerful one. Bellow builds the Wilky character beautifully, his heavy mind and heart 'sinking' to the ocean- floor like the Lycidas whose elegaic lines learned in high- school re- echo deep within himself.For every human being who has striven and failed, who has known what grief is , this masterpiece will be a wrenchingly moving tale.
Like a good management consultant Papows opens `Glitch' by scaring the bejeezus out of his C-level audience with a hat trick of ill-winds: The oncoming COBOL programmer draught that threatens to hobble our (still) mainframe-dominated data back ends, along with two `Ripped From Today's Headlines' stories of delivery systems gone wild: the both widely reported Toyota rapid acceleration problem and the misapplication of diagnostic radiation dosages.The later two resulted in deaths and I by no means want to make light of them, but in the context of a book subtitled `The Hidden Impact of Faulty Software', these examples hint at both the book's scope as well as a major problem I had with it. The author casts an extremely wide net under the banner of software failure and uses that to propose and justify an equally wide ranging solution in the form of near-universal IT Governance, one that encompasses software development, integration, and security standards.For a number of reasons I found this vision of global IT governance implausible:Much cyber espionage, like satellite surveillance, good old-fashion spying, and information gathering is performed by governments against other governments and foreign industries, with varying degrees of malicious intent. No government will commit formally to halting this activity. Cyber-security and the ability to transcend it may very well already represent the next-generation of global arms race. It's no more plausible to expect governments to disarm now, especially when it's far easier to join this `nuclear club'.Good old-fashion market competition will always rein organizations in from sharing too much that's proprietary of their plans and processes (a good thing, for those of us who believe in competitive enterprise and profit from investments in it )The author's notion that anyone putting up a commercial web site must first submit to a mandated certification process reeks of the bureaucratic labyrinths currently in place in Italy for brick-and-mortar businesses. This form of intrusive governance has contributed to that country's lack of economic mobility and stagnant growth.When a quote in `Glitch' attempts to make the point that IT governance includes managing the employee lunchroom, you can see collective eyes roll and it should come as no surprise why it's so difficult to get broad buy-in.Papows contrasts the relatively rapid (some of us would say frantic) adoption of Sarbanes-Oxley standards for financial reporting with what he envisions as the more measured introduction of IT Governance. This to me flies in the face of human nature, particularly in the modern corporate environment. Far more motivating I suspect will be a handful of high-profile cases brought and won against firms for software or infrastructure defects or negligence. That is sure to get the attention of corporate counsels and, as we all know, whatever corporate counsels mandate, they tend to get - and quickly.Papows could have made `Glitch' a very different book - the kind of book that expands upon the more practical material in the last chapter on the evolving role of software developers and the benefits of broadening their experience to encompass more of a business perspective.Admittedly much of that chapter's ideas can be found in existing IT management, QA and Testing texts and some of Papows' ideas sound a bit dated, particularly on Open Source and outsourcing. But he can clearly make the case that the continued prevalence and growing impact of software glitches points to an urgent need to reevaluate, evolve, and reinforce already established processes and techniques.Software designers and developers, being human, make errors. Good business processes focus on efficiently identifying those errors rather than a quixotic quest to prevent them.Developers' work is often driven by requirements that contain errors and ambiguities (Perhaps we could use some Marketing and Sales Governance as well!). Calling a fully accurate implementation of flawed requirements a software problem may be valid from a business perspective or a consumer's (and potentially the legal community). But it may be an invalid conclusion for those in the developing organization interested in quality and a potentially wasteful and inappropriate focus of resources to try and eradicate.Instead of the boilerplate guidance Papows offers on outsourcing, I would have preferred more candid discussion on the problems of performing realistic testing and enforcing non-disclosure with a fluid overseas workforce that has little incentive to maintain vigilance and clear incentive to sell their experience to your competitors' outsourcers working in the same building in Bangalore (think it doesn't happen?)I was a liaison and technical lead on outsourced projects for years. In no case did they feel like anything other than throwing away resources training workers who, with precious few exceptions, ever demonstrated more than junior ability compared to in-house staff.The guys upstairs can crow about cost savings, just don't ask them to factor in the time and money spent cleaning up after their outsourcers and consultants.I fully understand the need for productivity metrics, but Papows would appear more evenhanded if he discussed how metrics are frequently misapplied and often irrelevant to quality. The fundamental tension between technical people and non-technical management is the inability of the former to quantify their roles and tasks in ways that make sense to the later.And regarding those dwindling COBOL coders? While the growing cost of maintaining legacy COBOL code is real, if there's one thing we've all learned it's that, if the money is there, the expertise will come sniffing around. The prospect of grizzled CICS gurus passing on their black art to eager young adepts may have been the stuff of 80's programming book covers, but it's not likely to happen. Yet fear not, there are plenty of still-young-at-heart middle-agers like myself who started out with COBOL and plenty of experienced people around to deal with that code so long as you're willing to pay for them.Ironically, on the very day I'm writing this review the government released its final report that appears to vindicate Toyota's software ignition system and point instead to decidedly low-tech glitches such as sticky pedals and floor mat obstruction as the likely cause of uncontrolled acceleration.I guess sometimes it really does pay to sweat the small stuff after all.(I suspect Papows would respond that both the pedals and mats were likely designed and manufactured using software and therefore the failures can rightly be classified software failures. This is where honest brokers can disagree. If an engineer uses a CAD tool that accurately outputs the engineer's flawed design, in my opinion that's not necessarily a software problem. It may be a training problem, a materials problem, and can sometimes boil down to what we affectionately call a `chair-keyboard interface problem' or `carbon unit failure'.)
I once saw a Woody Allen movie and thought it was funny.  Ever since, however, his movies have not hit it off with me, and neither did this book.  It's too dry and labored, with too many weird words, though he does have a very good vocabulary.  I'll not try anymore Woody Allen material.
This book is not all it's cracked up to be. Don't believe all the hype! I had to make myself finish this book...it was so boring to me and had WAY to many details! I don't need to read a whole chapter devoted to describing one surgical procedure such as a vasactomy. This book could have been about 200 pages instead of 540 and told the whole story. There was just way too much fluff in between! The book dragged on and on. Toward the end I skimmed a lot (especially through all the surgical procedures!). I did find some of the book interesting and learned some things from this book as well. The one thing I can say about this book that I loved is that it suggests the idea that one person's action is like a domino effect...it affects everyone else around you. It shows how one bad decission or one good decission can change your life forever! This book also expresses the importance of family and that no matter what happens your family will always be there for you in the end. I also will say that I enjoyed the ending very much. The last 5 chapters were the best chapters in the book, but still didn't make up for the rest. I did end up giving this book two stars because of the ending...otherwise I would have only given it one star.
Try understanding Chapters 5 and 6.  If you're not a biologist or a biology student, but merely a layperson trying to obtain an elementary grasp on the subject this will prove impossible.  If anything, Mr. Willett mystifies the subject and for this he should be thoroughly ashamed.  Keep your money.
Why would anyone waste their time on this book or the series of books on the same silly subject is beyond me?  It's nothing but fantasy.  Fantasy for love-lorn women.  What nonsense.  For all the women out there, please take a look at Willa Cather, Flannery O'Conner, Alice Munro, Elizabeth Strout, Margaret Atwood, Marilyn Robinson and many others.  Take the time to read some books of substance.  This woman Gabaldon cannot write a lick.  Just a stream of gibberish.
Our book club had read "Paris Wife;" and, as a follow-up, read "...Feast" the following month. Heminway wrote about people he met during the early Paris years with his first wife. Ernest Hemingway was so very full of himself that he had little kindness or graciousness to give to others.Through his writing, he exhibited many characteristics of someone with narcissistic personality disorder.
I taught this novel in my French Lit class this week. I was terribly disappointed by this translation, which is British, and very old. My students, for the most part well-read graduate students, didn't get the novel at all. This shoddy and dated translation does not grasp the lyricism, the poetry, the imagination and the easy flow of Alain-Fournier's prose. There are many better translations. I fear this one was chosen because it was easiest to get a hold of, probably because the publishers didn't have to pay a  fee. I find this to be a shameful sign of the direction publishing is taking these days. LE GRAND MEAULNES is truly one of the greatest novels of the 20th Century.
A friend of mine recommended this book to me, and admitted right off that most of the books is just speculation and not much can be proven.  It was so irritating, though (I sometimes found myself embarrassed to be reading it), that I had to put it down about 120 pages into it, as he talked about Freud's theories (...), and how they related to an ancient myth about the teeth of a snake being removed to produce an alphabet, or something like that.The argument:  literacy and alphabetic writing (as opposed to pictographic writing) lead to women and goddesses losing status and being less revered by a culture, as well as leading to an increase in dogma and people killing each other over abstract ideas.  This is because reading and writing are analytic and "left brain," while [insert "feminine" traits] are "right brain."  (Shalin doesn't mention this (or, if he did, I didn't get that far), but ecstatic religious experience frequently happens in the right side of the brain, which is why people who have these experiences find them to be indescribable.)The best way to prove this thesis would be with empircal psychology and neurology.  Such a book might even be one Shalin could have written, since he is a professor of medicine.However, Shalin decides to use history to prove his thesis, and, well, the man is not a historian.  The book is riddled with speculation, unsubstantiated claims, and unintuitive symbolism.  For instance, before reading this book, I had never heard of snakes being feminine symbols.  He raises some interesting questions about some of the Bible, but he also says things that betray a lack of understanding of the Bible.  There is no lack of Biblical scholarship in this world; he could have spent a bit longer researching the passages he talks about.In addition to producing bad scholarship, he also *cites* bad scholarship.  I was amused when he cited "Black Athena."  I was baffled when he cited Velikovsky.  And, as I mentioned previously, I put the book down when he pulled out Freudian psychobabble.I would agree with him that, at least today, our society over-emphasizes analytic, abstract skills, and discourages people from developing anything "right-brained," the side of the brain connected with ecstatic religious experiences and (arguably) goddess visions.  I would also agree that this "left-brained" thinking leads to an increase in dogmatism and a lack of religious tolerance.  As far as I know, however, this is not the best place to look for exploration of these issues.  If you know of a better book, please tell me.
Maybe it is where I am in life, but I was very disappointed with Who Moved My Cheese? This is another book that has been on my TBR pile for a long time because it came so highly recommended. I started it sometime toward the end of 2009 and because I knew it wasn't doing anything for me, let it sit for a long time. However, this too, is a quick read so I finally said, "to heck with it" and finished it.Cheese is subtitled "An A-mazing Way to Deal with Change in Your Work and in Your Life." It's a parable of two little people (Hem and Haw) and two mice (Sniff and Scurry) who live in a maze. Cheese represents whatever it is in life that you work for: clients, money, home, luxury, status, image. The four maze residents awake one day to discover that their cheese is no longer where it had been the day before.And so the message within the metaphor is in how each of the four animals react to their "cheese" being moved. Sniff and Scurry have little trouble adapting because they had already realized that the cheese supply was dwindling. Besides, they've always been attracted to the place where cheese was because they smelled the cheese there, not because it was the location they were accustomed to going to. Haw eventually gets it, writing messages "on the wall" (yes, the cheese in this book is endless) to remind himself of lessons learned, but then also struggles because he wants Hem to catch up, too.Perhaps the lesson in Who Moved My Cheese? puts the familiar idiom - "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten" - on its head to instead say, "If you do what you've always done, you best be prepared for when things change and it no longer works as it always has."My problem with this book was in its simplicity. I kept thinking, "Duh? Is there nothing more?" I guess I've had so much change in my adult life - four careers, four homes, marriage, divorce, re-marriage - I've never operated on the assumption that change won't come, so this metaphor didn't offer me anything.Perhaps this would be a good group read for a unit that is undergoing adjustments - I could see where it would inspire some discussion concerning people's reactions to what is happening in their environment. Otherwise, skip it and pick up yesterday's subject.
I was totally disappointed while reading this book.  I kept hoping that it would get exciting.  As soon as the book would pick up another section would appear that was wordy, overly descriptive and even boring at times.The romantic part of the story could have been good but that was also lacking in interest.  All in all - read The Da Vinci Code and leave this one in the bookstores.  It's hard for me to believe that this one of the top 5 sellers of 2004.
I AM SORRY TO SAY THIS BOOK WAS NOT WHAT I THOUGHT. IT HAS BEEN SLOW GOING FOR ME. IN FACT I NEVER FINISHED IT. I AM SURE FOR SOME IT WILL BE GOOD. IT JUST DID NOT HOLD MY INTEREST. I SURE HOPE THE FRENCH INSPECTOR CATCHES HIS MAN. I MAY GO BACK TO IT. AFTER I READ SOME OF MY OTHER MYSTERY KINDLE BOOKS. MC
"There is no worse thief than a bad book" pp 163 from the authors own mouth, although it is a well known Italian proverb. This is possibly the worst book I have ever read. There are too many inconsistencies for this to be a good book. The example on pp189 is purely a result f bad research and watching too much tv.The glue that holds the plot together is poorly written. The post puberty immature antics of some mediocre college students are boring if not down right irritating. I was amazed that the two author have attended  and presumably done well at two of the America's premiere education institutions, I guess they must let anyone in these - a real shocker.
I am amazed at the people who will not look at history and turn a blind eye to the realities.First, a former President of the US should have not trouble finding an excellent editor for his book.  Bill Clinton does have charisma; yet this book lacks it in every way.Second, this book does not cover the important unanswered questions of Mr. Clinton's presidency.  Most galling of all the omissions is the death of Ron Brown.  Mr. Clinton called Mr. Brown one of his closest and dearest friends; yet there is no mention of the Secretary of Commerce in this HUGE book.There are so many people, even common people, who are coming forward to say that Mr. Clinton mis-represents not only himself but the facts of history in this meandering, long-winded, tome.I have to agree with many of his detracters: this book title should be "MY LIE" by Bill Clinton.
Maybe at the time the short stories were written they were good. Presentely, they are very silly! I stopped reading the book!
Doesn't give as much info about personal life of Einstein. that is what i was hoping to get.  sorry a snooze otherwise
Like for many reviewers here, Perfume began interestingly enough, with a great concept and interesting scenes of life in 18th century France.  However, round about the middle of the book, I began to read the words but not take any of them in(i.e. BORING).  Suskind uses virtually no dialogue.  He is TELLING you everything making you less like a fly on the wall and more like a bored(read: VERY bored) student just wanting to take a nap.His main character while in the beginning is intrigueing becomes a nauseating little creep that I could care less about.  The murders ARE mandane and to make up for his lack of any real energy, Suskind(like Cormac McCarthy) gives you detail upon detail hoping you're SHOCKED- but really all you're doing is yawning.The end is the best part!  Because it's so laughably ridiculous(unintentionally of course).  I won't ruin it for anyone, but the way in which the main character gets out of his due punishment must have been pulled out of some feebile dream the night before Suskind wrote it.  No one who has read three decent books would buy it, thus making the whole experience of reading this book maddening.So to sum up, guy can write but end result is convoluted, pretentious and dull.
This book is overhyped and was a disappointment to me. The book consists of 2 parts : the first part summarizes the mathematical background that you need for the second part. But the chapters are not explained in such a way that they can serve as stand-alone study material; so if you lack some knowledge, the book itself will not be sufficient to explain everything and help you through the second part.Penrose tries to explain complex mathematical concepts without formula, which turns out to be a failure. I stopped reading the book at about 70% and sold it on eBay, I didn't even want to keep it in my personal library! I wouldn't especially recommend this book.
I couldn't get through this one.  It just couldn't hold my attention.  It was great writing but the story just seemed to go nowhere.
Shenkar's book about China's (coming) economic might is easy to read. It is intended for those reader who are new to the subject. For me it was disappointing. It presents few new aspects. It is not really the scholarly work I was looking for. It lacks precision, includes few references and is sometimes wrong. For instance, Japan now runs a trade surplus with China not a large deficit as the book claims. In one figure payments and receipts are erroneously interchanged. The frequent use of "will" demonstrates that this books stands in the tradition of "Japan as No. 1" and "the American challenge" although it claims not to do this. Shenkar does not give hard evidence for many of his assertions and predictions but bases them on examples. For instance, lower exports from the US to China compared the Europe are explained by European bribes and subsidies, but it can be also due to different export structures.In the last section of chapter 6 Shenkar notices that there are actually companies that do export to China but keeps silent on the reasons for their success. The book is therefore not useful on this account as well. The tables and graphics are not up to date and copied from other publications. They often end in 2001 or even 2000. A much more detailed and up to date overview on China presents the OECD's "China in the World Economy".As a side note, the book (as well as others) is as much about the US as it is about China. China is seen only in negative colours. For instance, over and over the negative trade balance between the US and China is discussed while other countries' trade balances with China are often quite balanced. What is not mentioned in the book is that most of the developing countries including China and many developed countries are weary as well, about the US dominating their lives and economies with McDonalds, Nike, Microsoft and Starbucks, with Hollywood and US accounting firms. From their perspective, the wave of exports to the US doesn't seem to be such as bad thing but only a fair counter weight.
At the core of this book is a interesting idea.  Imagine that you could buy health insurance like you do car insurance.  Health insurance companies would compete for your business the way that Geico, Allstate, Progressive, and State Farm do.  You could put together a health insurance plan that meets your needs rather than getting one prescribed by the insurer or government.  Providers (doctors and hospitals) would vie for your business as well.  This market/consumer-driven system, based on competition, would reduce costs and give consumers what they want.That's the idea.  Unfortunately, the book bases this concept on inaccuracies, misleading information, and contradictions.  For example, in chapter 6, the author contends that the academic community thwarts efforts to create a consumer-driven health care system, in part because they are wed to the idea of a single-payer system.  The problem is that author makes a blanket accusation about a nebulous, undefined group; i.e. they're the problem, whoever they are.  As an example of this great academic conspiracy, the author specifically names two physicians who have served as editors of the New England Journal of Medicine and who openly support a single payer system.  The author (to her credit) then goes on to acknowledges that one of these physicians gave her previous book a negative review.  Other than these two physicians, all we know is that the academic community, whatever that is and whoever they are, are all against market-driven health care.The author believes that a key to a market/consumer-driven system is doctors exercising their independent judgment.  She opposes system approaches and cites an Institute of Medicine official who calls for medical school education that emphasizes teamwork and systems of care as the bane of good medical practice.  She fails to point out that the emphasis on systems approaches comes from studies indicating that adverse clinical outcomes have arisen due to the lack of coordinated care.  Then, a few pages later she contradicts herself noting that consumer-driven care will work because clinicians will work as a team to treat patients!What I find most interesting is that the author assumes that, because they are for-profit entities, health insurance companies support this concept.  Health insurance companies make money in two ways.  First, through administrative charges, which account for every 15 to 20 cents for every dollar spent on health care.  This compares to nonprofit entities, such as Medicare, which has administrative costs of 6 to 8%.  Second, through prospective payment (which the author does not specifically address anywhere in this book), insurers set the rates which they will reimburse providers.  Under the author's consumer-driven approach, insurers will have to compete - really compete, meaning that they will have to reduce their administrative costs, rates and ultimately profits.  Moreover, since providers will be setting their rates - in a competitive manner - insurance companies will never know exactly what they will have to pay.  If insurance companies balked at "Obama Care" imagine how they would react to this plan.Bottom line: interesting idea - poorly executed.
Mrs. Brown may be a smart trader but she is certainly a lousy teacher. Most of the time I do not know what she means. Is she talking about end-of-day trading or intraday trading? I could use the maximum of 1000 words with examples of unclear writing but I have wasted enough time on Mrs.Brown's book. She also promises more than she gives. Why write a book if you are not willing to share your experience and reveal your secrets?
Bought this book for the postage and it was worth about that. still somthing to read when you are at the desk trading.
Kindle readers -- this price is a 26% increase! In the middle of a recession! Kindle readers, PLEASE wait till the price of this book goes down!If you buy this at $12, then next year the price will be $15. If you buy at $15 then it will be $20. And this for a book that can't even be shared with your friends after you've finished reading.Amazon is right about this one -- If you want the Kindle format to survive, you have to fight this. Send the publisher a message. Reserve this book at the local library. Or if you have to own it, buy the hardcover at $15. There are plenty of wonderful Kindle books still available at $9.99 (or less). Those are the publishers Kindle readers should be supporting.
The book I read was called "Stuck in Neutral". It is about a boynamed Shawn McDaniel. His parents got divorced when he was a baby because his father couldn't handle his condition. Shawn has a conditionWhere he cannot control any of his muscles, but he can remember anything he heres word for word.  The only thing that he can do is sit there and drool.His father doesn't like him because his dad says that he is better off getting put out of his misery. Do we know what will happen to Shawn? You will have to read it and find out. Some parts of the books that I liked where that he had an imagination and he did not let his disability bring him down.Some parts of the book that I didn't like were where it said that he didn't do anything but slobber, it grossed me out. Overall it was an alright book.
As a rave reader of mystery books, I was expecting a lot from this one. The summary and the reviews of this book were really appealing, and I really expected something at the DaVinci Code's level. NOTHING to do with it. Although it also deals with secret codes, the book is written very poorly. You always have the feeling of reading a book written by and for high school or university students, (like those who write to participate in contests) but you never feel like you have real literature in your hands. Even in the most important parts of the book, the authors never take you to the real climax of the story. I give it two stars because I think the plot is good, yet a lot more could have been done to make this book really worth to buy it and not get really dissapointed about it!
The reader that is mystified by the tactics used to create mathematical proofs will not have much of a de inserted in front of it after reading this book. A great deal of the text is devoted to presenting background material on the fundamental facts and definitions of mathematics and very little is used to discuss the actual tactics used in creating proofs. For example, the tools of logic, the definitions of the sets of numbers and the axioms of geometry are covered.The proofs that are presented are generally in the category of the very simple, in terms of difficulty, the mathematics is at the upper level of high school. There are quizzes at the ends of the chapters with two major tests at the ends of the sections. All of the questions are multiple choice and solutions are given at the end.While Gibilisco does a very good job in explaining the foundations of mathematics, he fails in the stated goal of turning the theorem-phobic into someone that can reason their way from start to QED.Published in Journal of Recreational Mathematics, reprinted with permission
I really do not like this book at all.  I despise it because it was a complete waste of my money.
I read a fair amount of crime fiction, and tend to favor British crime fiction over that from my native country. However, I'm fairly sure I've never read anything by Rendell, who is widely acknowledged as one of the genre's current masters. So I picked up her latest in an attempt to see what all the fuss is about. The book uses that kind of loose "intersecting lives" form that was in vogue in the film world 5-10 years ago (the most immediate example being the vastly overratedCrash). The story takes place in the titular London neighborhood, zooming in on the lives of a wealthy middle-aged art dealer and his doctor girlfriend, a rather stupid and callow unemployed young hoodlum and his ex-girlfriend and nasty sanctimonious ex-con uncle, and a very strange young man who spends most of his life barricaded in his dark apartment.finally,As is the format of these kind of things, the lives of these six characters come together by coincidence and then intersect with and influence each other in direct and indirect ways. However, the entire enterprise is rather adrift. It's sort of a crime story in that there are crimes (theft, burglary, arson, murder), but they aren't really the point of the story, They are merely catalysts that allow the reader to ponder the divide between the two wealthy characters and the three poor characters. The book is also a psychological thriller of sorts in the portions following the strange young man who's afraid of the light, but that whole plotline is a total dud and feels very much like a unfinished idea grafted on from some other project. The storyline involving the gormless young man contains at least the potential of being an interesting commentary on gentrification, but this weird dude who thinks an angel lives with him really doesn't fit the story at all.Interestingly, the element that many reviewers rail against is the one piece of the book I quite liked. This is the art dealer's addiction to an artificially flavored sweet called "Chocorange" -- an addiction so powerful that it threatens to destroy his entire life. Over the years, he has addiction-hopped, from various forms of drugs to others, down to cigarettes, then to booze, and now, finally, to Chocorange. Obvious it's not a physical addiction, it's all in his head, and that's what makes it compelling, as he struggles to control and hide it. Unfortunately, that is the most interesting aspect of the story, which otherwise meanders around without the sharp twists and subtle turns I had led to believe Rendell was so expert at. It's really quite a sloppy work, Rendell seems to have muddled some of the dates in part of the plot and has a character knowing these dates without ever explaining why (or at least as far as I could tell, having gone back to reread bits to see if I'd missed a page). And the surprisingly sentimental resolution (which most readers will see coming miles away) depends on lame coincidence of one character being the patient of the art dealer's girlfriend. So -- the extraneous storyline, meandering writing, total lack of suspense, overreliance on coincidence, and mawkish ending all combine to make this a dud for me.
Would recommend HeadFirst series over this, as authors are both more knowledgable and formatting is more fun. Seriously, MUCH BETTER BOOKS!
I found this book to be very unimpressive. I know that it's supposed to be this great allegory and whatnot, but they story was mediocre and the ending, well I'm not sure that I'd call it an ending. In fact, I'm still not sure of what exactly happened at the end. Perhaps if I had read a better edition than the one I did, it would have explained it for me. Maybe I'm too dense for this book.
Transparent characters, one-line sarcastic dialogue (in place of conversation), and a thin plot makes you wonder if Grisham wrote this on his lunch hour. Certainly not one of his more intriguing works (anyone who couldn't figure out the villian in the first 30 pages?). Without a doubt, one of the year's WORST!
I only managed to get about a chapter and a half into this book. I set it down to answer the hpone, and never bothered to pick it back up. It just didn't grab me, I didn't care about any of the characters enough to want to read any further.
Very hard to read.  She goes into too much detail on EVERY concept. Check out passport for cissp by mike meyers I believe Shon was involved in that publication as well but it is a better read.
This is a peculiar book. John Allison, judging by his accompanying biography and his comments in the Introduction, is largely an auto-didact. Among his preferences in reading have been the works of Ayn Rand and of Aristotle, apparently with some Kant thrown in. Now I am an admirer of Eric Hoffer, the longshoreman who was an auto-didact extraordinaire, so I can see advantages to the self-taught route to wisdom. (And I have no problem with the fact that Allison's political philosophy represents, as best I understand it, a particular strand of libertarianism that got him selected recently to head up the Cato Institute, whose directors, including Charles Koch, bounced the long-time head, Ed (?) Crane. Internal squabbles among the far right ideologues interest me no more than do such ideological squabbles on the left, so I have no idea what Allison has that Crane lacked.)But to the book. To my mind Allison's book contains themes that could have been better served in a series of books. Allison pours his heart into criticizing the Fed in its monetary policy role, fiat money, the FDIC, FASB accounting rules, the Fed and the SEC in their regulatory roles, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, certain members of Congress, most especially the former Sen. Chris Dodd (D-CT) and Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA), certain bankers, the Bush and Obama Treasury departments, and on and on. While the list of critiques is quite extensive, it is unfortunately easy for the main theme to disappear in one chapter in favor of moving on to Aristotle then perhaps on to the Dodd-Frank "reform" bill, or to a discussion of the benefits that accrued when the U.S. was on the gold standard, with stops at intermediate points in between. A serious editor would have eliminated at least some of this meandering.Missing entirely from the book is a bibliography. Was Allison unaware of, or just indifferent to, the host of books and reports that have appeared on the subject of the financial crisis? Among the missing: the seminal work on the crisis, "This Time Is Different," by Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff; John Authers' "The Fearful Rise of Markets;" "Financial Armageddon," by Michael J. Panzner; the "Corruption of Capitalism," by Richard Duncan; "Reckless Endangerment," by Gretchen Morgenson and Joshua Rosner; and even a book that should be right down Allison's alley, "The Monetary Elite and Gold's Honest Discipline," by Vincent R. LoCascio. A huge oversight is a failure to mention the report of the National Commission on the Causes of the Financial an Economic Crisis in the United States, "The Financial Crisis Inquiry Report." This is the report in which Peter J. Wallison, a commission member and a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, filed a scathing minority view making many of the same points Allison makes, but making them more than 18 months earlier. Unbelievably, Wallison's name is not included in the index at all. Neither for that matter are the names of Neil Barofsky and Sheila Bair, who both have contributed excellent books written from deep inside the crisis. Finally, in his acknowledgements, Allison does not indicate that anyone reviewed his work and critiqued it for him. Wasn't there anyone at Cato, or Wake Forest, who could have served this useful purpose? This is a strange oversight, and serves to indicate to me that Allison in effect was winging it from his home computer.It is nevertheless astonishing to me that Allison can produce a book purporting to provide new insights, while actually plowing little new ground. Yes, there is a libertarian essay (or essays) on the place of the private sector vis a vis government, that closes out the book, but again that worthy exercise would have been better served had it been a separate, and more expansively argued, volume. (And which libertarian strand does Allison's essay represent?)So, if you are interested in a quirky individualist's look at the financial crisis, this can be a useful read. Otherwise, there are much better venues for understanding what went on and what comes after.
I am generally a fan of books of this type, and was looking forward to reading this book. I came away disappointed.===The Good Stuff===* The first couple chapters were the best part of the book-not so much because of their content, but because of the thoughts they kicked off. I had never really considered this, but what a magic substance salt must have been to ancient peoples. It made food taste better, melted ice, made water boil hotter, preserved mummies, stopped food from spoiling...* There were some interesting little facts and tidbits scattered throughout the book. Unfortunately (see below), I am not sure how much I trust some of these insights.===The Bad Stuff===* There was no evidence of a theme, or any attempt to create any flow of ideas. The book was more of an amalgamation of salt stories.* Much of the text was repetitive, awkwardly worded, or just plain fluff that should have been edited out.* There were numerous obvious errors of commission and omission, and who knows how many not-so-obvious errors.* The book was a tough read. I almost stopped reading it numerous times, but talked myself into plowing forward.===Summary===This should have been a fantastic book, and instead was a major disappointment. There was no thesis or central topic to the book, and the author offered no analysis or integration between the various stories. In short, I'd say skip the book.
Steinbeck seemed to be trying to do too much with this novel. After a really good start, with the typically magnificent descriptions of the Californian countryside one can expect from Steinbeck, the story seems to  lose its way. The chief protagonist's struggle to become the lord of his  farmland eventually becomes uninteresting, and even the potentially  interesting leitmotiv of earthy paganism vs. otherworldly Christianity is  handled too superficially to draw the reader's attention. The primary  reason for the novel's failure as a literary work is the very stiff and  unnatural dialogue among the various characters, which is something very  unusual for Steinbeck (one only has to recall the completely natural and  believable characters in novels like "The Grapes of Wrath," "Winter of Our  Discontent," or "Cannery Row"). Since the the main themes of "To a God  Unknown," i.e. rural California, man's struggle with and against nature,  etc., were so near and dear to Steinbeck, it just fails to live up to  expectations. Given the high quality of Steinbeck's many other literary  masterpieces, this novel is a great disappointment.
When I saw the title I thought it was one of those simple "how to" books, but reading it was really dry.It'd be great as a college textbook on the topic, because it looked like a big thesis paper for a graduate degree turned into a book, rather than a consumer/reader friendly read.Social Networking, in my opinion, is a very simple tool that anyone can use for both personal and business purposes. Granted, this book was written for business use, but if you're a business owner or manger/leader who is looking for a book that will help you quickly gain skills in the application of social networking, this book is not for you. It isn't a quick and easy "how to" book.
This is by far my least favorite Oprah Book Club Book.  I don't know if it was the style of writing or the language barrier but I had the hardest time focusing on the story line. I would notice I had read 10 pages but had no idea what had happened. It was very slow moving and I just could not get into it. A few people wrote that they felt the book was boring and maybe that was my problem too.
I bought this book and enjoyed reading it very much.  The information is well put and easy to grasp.  The tips on dealing with people seem to work.The problem that I have with this book is that it is almost a copy of a book written in 1981, thirteen years before this one was, by Dr. Robert M. Bramson.  There is extra material and information in this latter book, but the similarities are so great that they are impossible to overlook.  The personalities of the people are labeled similarly at times -- the Sniper, for example -- and sometimes differently -- Tanks vs Shermans -- but the bottom lines with dealing with them are very often the same.  The Complainer from Bramson and the Whiner from this book are also the same, and the coping techniques are very similar to the dealing techniques.I have the 1994 edition of this book, and nowhere is Bramson listed.  If one is to search Google books, Bramson is listed in this book in the 2002 edition, though, on page XVII, in a list of about six or seven people who were added in the acknowledgments page that shows up in the 1994 edition on page XV, sans Bramson.  It is as if someone either said something to them, or they thought after the fact to add Dr. Bramson's name.Both Brinkman and Kirschner have doctorates, and this means that they wrote dozens and dozens of papers during the gross amount of years that they attended school.  This means that they have vast experience with citation, references, and avoiding plagiarism.  To think that they would initially omit such a deep source for this book after having such experience writing papers with Chicago, APA, and MLA format is simply not acceptable.  It is even more offensive when one considers how very similar these two works are.
Stephen Mitchell begins by telling how he was conflicted, as a child, between the loving and harsh passages of the Gospels.  It was only after years of Zen practice that he finally "got it."  He went back and "studied all the scholarship that seemed to me intelligent and open-minded."  But it was only during a trip to Israel that things clicked for him, when he met a Bedouin in the Sinai desert who seemed to personify the "Abba" of timeless Middle Eastern tradition, "And a voice inside me said,' Aha!'" and he went home to write this book.I was wondering, at this point, which scholars would he rely on?  How would he define "intelligent" or "open-minded?"  What evidence would he offer for his conclusions?It turned out there were a few "facts" in the rest of the book, mostly wrong ones.  "Forty years is a long time  . . . (Some) stories and reports were made up much later, by disciples of disciples."  (But how many of us could not rely on first-hand accounts by ourselves or close relatives to write about events of forty years ago?)  "All reputable scholars agree that the stories of Jesus' predictions were added by later disciples."  (No, they do not.  But even if they did, the evidence does not support that claim.)  "The legend of the resurrection would have surprised Jesus.  He himself never taught about a resurrection from the dead, because he wasn't afraid of death."  This book is for adolescents; but I have to wonder if even a child could read such a silly and presumptuous bit of mind-reading with a straight face.But then I had a thought.  Was I being had?  Could Mitchell be simply cashing in on interest in Jesus?What could be easier than writing a book like this?  Scan the Gospels.  Read a few (carefully selected) scholars who share your views.  Tell a story about yourself to warm up the audience.  Quote liberally and freely, so half the book is someone else's words.  Use short words to market it to the young and gullible.  Leave plenty of white space.  End in 150 pages with a few rambling notes, and -- heh, presto!  Insta-book.Maybe my suspicions are incorrect.  But in any case, this book is not much good.  If you're looking for a book about Jesus with a literary tint, and without too many technical details, try Thomas Cahill's Desire of the Everlasting Hills, instead.  If you absolutely need a book like that by a skeptic, then even A. N. Wilson, with all his flaws, is far better and more interesting than this.  For more serious study, I recommend NT Wright; and he has a couple really good books on Jesus that can be easily be read by teenagers, too.author, Jesus and the Religions of Man
I had tried once to get through the first chapter of A Confederacy of Dunces before putting the book down in utter frustration. I stuck it out and read the whole thing this time, but still didn't care for the book.  It seems the majority of the readers love this novel, but I really couldn't wait to be done with it. Virtually every character is unlikable and obnoxious to the umpteenth degree. The sheer obnoxiousness of this novel is difficult to bare. The author tries to make Ignatius as some sort of Don Quixote of 1960 New Orleans or antihero spouting his philosophies on Big Chief tablets, but it just doesn't work and comes across as rather sad and trite.One issue was simply that these weren't characters; they were cartoons.  People commend the book for its dialogue, which they say is "real", but it felt more like a sitcom to me. And, much like an episode of Seinfeld, the dialogue and situations went in circles in A Confederacy of Dunces with little substance. Virtually every character behaves on the level of a maniac. Many of the other characters, seemingly caricatures, continually repeated the same cycle of badgering and belittling each other in the various episodes (Jones and the  bar owner, Mr. and Mrs. Levy, Mancuso and the sergeant, Ignatius and his mother, etc).Yeah, I get it: it's a farce, comedy, satire, etc. Still, the ridiculousness of the subplots and the level of humor just made this novel feel cheap. The whining, yelling and general chaos was more of a chore to get through than entertainment. Sure, A Confederacy of Dunces might be mildly entertaining at points (I thought some of Ignatius' intelligent journal entries were humorous), but most of the humor is sophomoric. I vacillated between despising Ignatius and feeling genuine pity and sorrow at his pathetic, deranged existence.In final, this is a novel that really irritates more than entertains, which is a pity, because I had high hopes.
This book is so popular that I felt I had to give it a chance, but I'm not sure I feel comfortable with one star.  I certainly agree with all the one star reviews however.  The beatings?  The..... I can't even come up with a word to describe what I read.  The heroine, strong?  NO.  The hero, romantic?  NO.  In fact he is the most immature 23 year old you could imagine.  I would think in that time period you would grow up really fast.  But he is really immature.  Childish.  This is a really awful novel.
I guess just about *anyone* can get a book published nowadays.  The author clearly has no understanding at all of rhetoric outside of her own personal experience of having been insulted-- which I imagine must happen quite often.  Essentially the entire book is centered around providing canned responses to eight verbal attacks, and arranging them in an 'octagon'.  Why this arrangement is preferable to any other, or what is to be gained by any sort of arrangement, remains unexplained.  The one thing I do recommend in this book is the (presumably unintentional) humorous maternalistic tone that seeps through when the author writes about the protection that her fragile women need from strong, angry men... very funny indeed.  If you really are looking for a book that will teach you something, rather than give quick and empty entertainment, try &quot;Logical Self-Defense&quot; by Johnson and Blair.  I haven't finished it yet, but they are obviously on a whole different level than Elgin.
Well you guessed it.  I bought the book based on the cover and thought it was going to be a la Da Vinci Code.  How wrong was I?  First of all the story of the Hypnerotomachia has nothing to do with the rest of the plot.  I thought the authors were showing-off their knowledge without even trying to support the main plot.  Second of all, the dialogues were bordering childish or were unreal.  Specially the dialogues with the main character Tom and his girlfriend were so out of this world and did nothing to enrichen the book.It's few days of my life I will never get back...
I'll repeat what an August 5th reviewer of Talking the Winner's Way stated : If you've already bought the book How To Talk To Anyone - 92 Little Tricks for Big Success in Relationships by the same author then don't buy this book as it is the same. I bought both of them together and was really annoyed when I discovered they were the same. How can someone re-write a book under a different title without any mention of this fact on the book cover ?You'll also note that Editorial review of both books is the same and have the same quotes from Larry King and McKay. Shame on Amazon for not giving me a full refund!
It's weird, but during this book I suffered through various feelings of like and dislike. When I started reading it, I actually liked it quite a lot, but then it sort of seemed to drag on.The inside flap of The Last Juror states that it's about how Danny Padgitt murdered a woman and while he was on the stand, threatened to harm the jury if they convicted him. But really only about the first 50 pages and the last 100 pages actually dealt with the trial and Padgitt's threat. My main gripe with this is that it deviated so much from what it seemed the actual book was about. When I started reading this, I thought that it would be suspenseful with this sort of agonizing tension starting from the trial to Danny Padgitt's threat to the picking of the jurors one by one, but it wasn't like that.Another thing that annoyed me was the actual ending. It seemed very anticlimatic and it seemed like it came out of left field. I found myself thinking "That's very, very implausible" and also "How would no one know?." The ending was also very abrupt.I guess some of the book was interesting and I did care about some of the characters. It was also nice how he had characters from A Time To Kill appear briefly in The Last Juror. Although, I really didn't think Lucien Wilbanks was such a bastard in A Time to Kill, but I thoroughly disliked him in this one.I've only read one other Grisham book and that was A Time To Kill. That one was fabulous. This one...not so much. I'm still planning on picking up some of his other books (especially since I own like six others) and am hoping the brilliance that was behind A Time to Kill, shines brighter on one of the others.
I HAD NOT READ ANY OF HIS BOOKS BEFORE AND DID NOT KNOW WHAT TO EXCEPT. HEAR SO MANY PEOPLE LOVED HIS WORKS. I CAN'T SAY I LIKED THE ROLE OF WOMAN BUT THAT WAS THE SIGN OF THE TIMES.  HE WROTE WELL BUT I DIDN'T LIKE THE STORY LINE.
I just can't get through this book. I have dragged myself through 100 pages and I am starting to feel my life is wasting away. I don't care about the characters because I don't know a thing about how they feel. The entire book is either a monotonous recounting of events or dialogue between extremely flat characters. Save yourself $12 and buy a book that is well-written and relatable...may I suggest &quot;Crow Lake&quot; by Mary Lawson, &quot;The Red Tent&quot; by Anita Diamant or &quot;Raising Fences&quot; by Michael Datcher. There you go, something for everyone and a 100 times better than Three Junes.
This book is just another one in a series of similar golf "instruction" books that do nothing but feed the billion dollar golf industry. It is not wonder that the average handicap hasn't gone down in 30 years even with manicured greens, state of the art instruction and better equipment. This book takes the swing apart and separates it into a two plane swing and a one plane swing. It us up to the reader to figure out which one to use. I can bet that many readers will vacilate in indecision. There are just too many things that Hardy has the reader think about even in the so called "easier" one plane swing.It is human nature to take a watch apart to see what makes it tick, but taking a swing apart is foolish. It is like trying to draw a circle in parts. I often wonder at the simplicity of children. They look at things as a whole and do not analyze. A good lesson for all golfers.
The book is just a recollection of speeches reprinted in a book.  Personally I did not find it useful as I thought.  You'll be better off just listening the speeches in youtube.
I read romance novels. i can tell you the plot just by reading the back cover. But that's ok, because if the writing is good and the book has action and witty dialog between the main characters, then I'm in.What in the world are you people talking about with reference to this book?  I got through this, but barely. So much time was spent throughout the book setting up the gay-rape scene, I knew it was coming, but then Gabaldon had to rehash it how many times?  And from how many different points of view?  She must have written that scene four different times and four different ways.  I guess she thought we needed a play-by-play.  We spent the last half of the book with him trying to get over it...does anyone get over it?  And the way they &#34;got over it&#34;.  Really.  I'm really surprised that this is going to be made into a movie and I can't help but think that gay men are not going to be happy with such a portrayal.  I'm also really surprised at the number of Christian women who really love these books.  I guess it's because Jamie was a virgin until his wedding night.  That little piece of fictional fact doesn't undo the last half of the book.I'm no hater and I'm not gay, but that wasn't about gay or straight, it was about rape.  I'd say these same things if the scene had been a male on female rape.  I really try to stay away from fiction writers who use rape as a story vehicle. Not that we as a society should hide it, but it shouldn't be used to advance a story and definitely not a romantic story.  I just don't think it can be done with any sensitivity to the women and sometimes men who have experienced it, and it wasn't done well here. i think most romance story uses of rape trivialize the trauma, as if the love of a good woman or man could just undo what's been done. In this story, it didn't advance the story, it was the obstacle that their love had to overcome.  It was a total turn off for me. I didn't move on to the other books because of it.I also can't get around the fact that she's cheating on her husband in the 20th century. Oh, I know, we're supposed to understand that their marriage was necessary and that their love crosses time, blah, blah, blah. Jude Deveraux did one of the first and best time travel themes in &#34;Knight in Shining Armor&#34; and there was no cheating. There was also no beating, as I recall.  I'm not a fan of that particular genre, so that is one of the only time travel books that I've read.  But the cheating bugs me. I'm married. I love my husband and I don't want to even try to identify with someone who is cheating.  i don't care what century we're in.This book is written in the old romance style. The style of Rosemary Rogers, Janet Daily and others.  Personally, I've grown and I now like stories with more modern views. There are plenty of male hero characters out there in fiction land who are still a &#34;man's man&#34; but don't have to pick up a paddle and spank their &#34;wife&#34;.  No.  We are just better off as women, leaving those characters behind in past romance literature lore where they belong.  I'm adding my voice to the warnings about these books. I wish I'd listened. Why didn't I? Well, so many of my Christian friends had read them.  I thought, &#34;How bad could it be?&#34;  If you care about any of the issues I've written about, then don't waste your money.
I'll say right off the start that my opinion is probably not going to be favorable to most people; I don't like overtly sexual books, or books where sex is the main attraction. Sorry, folks.My review and humble opinion on this book is this: It is a highly sexual grocery store romance and kink-fest wrapped in an otherwise beautifully written, well-researched, informative, and fascinating storyline involving deep characters, history, and humor.I believe it would be a highly enjoyable book to those who don't mind a lot of kinky/sexually tense situations/frequent sex scenes thrown in amongst the plot, which, towards the middle of the book, rather gives into the temptation to simply put the main character (Claire) through a myriad of the aforementioned situations, back to back.It would be an enjoyable read, however, for those who either enjoy, or simply aren't bothered by, its highly sexual content. It is loaded with the stereotypical (or I should say popular, perhaps) female romantic fantasies--the strong, but gentle and brave man repeatedly rescues the dame (again, Claire) from harrowing situations, the angry fights that turn into scenes of passion, the love-making in highly varied locations whilst danger roams about, etc.I was disappointed to find it to be one of "those" romances, where it seems to be an attempt to cram as much kinkiness and sexual tension into a book and still maintain classiness by avoiding the grocery-store romance covers of half-naked men with damsels in flowing garments embracing passionately on the cover. It is, granted, well researched, and beautifully written, once it moves on with the plot.
This book is a waste of time, even when it can be read in a very short period of time.  My two complainst are: 1) the book is too simplistic and 2)the message could be delivered in a few pages, not in an expensive hardcover with a gigantic font.On the first complaint, the examples may be applicable to black/white situations.  Unfortunately, none of my problems qualify in this category (hence why they are issues at all).  The book offers some common sense, but little in real life applications.On the second complaint, this book should be a case study in business/marketing 101.  The authors & publisher must be making a killing, as it is an overpriced book with a font ridiculously large (how do they get away with this?).  Lots of companies order this book for their employees, as senior management finds it amusing and worthwhile (go figure!).  Stick to novels for entertainment or the Harvard Business Review for education.
This book is about value investing from a Graham/Dodd perspective.  The first few chapters provide valuation examples for Sears, GEICO and Gen Re.  These chapters illustrate a fundamental weakness of the book and the methodology.  Each of the valuations rely upon a number of subjective guesses.  Unfortunately there is no consistency or explained logic behind these subjective guesses.  For example in valuing GEICO, the author assigns intangible value at 50% of acquisition costs.  For the valuation of Gen Re, another insurance company, the author assigns intangibles at 300% of acquisition costs, six times the multiple used in the GEICO valuation!  In each of the valuations the author derives a price that is remarkably similar to the actual acquisition price and as a reader I get the overwhelming sense that the author has simply played around and "fudged" his subjective guesses until his estimations have matched the actual acquisition price. Even if there was a sound framework it is of little help to the reader since it is not clearly explained.The author then moves on to macroeconomic analysis and here there is an enormous decrease in quality.  The author begins discussing technical indicators such as momentum and uses phrases such as "investors could have considered investments in light of a possible resumption of an oil boom" and "had not yet broken out above the thick a horizontal bar...investing at new highs can be a very successful strategy".  It seems as if the author has switched to writing a completely different book. The next chapter is on pricing catastrophes.  This is butchered because the author concentrates on pricing a Pepsi competition, where the odds are known with certainty.  This is trivially easy to value in comparison with genuine super catastrophes such as hurricanes and earthquakes. Unfortunately the author does not delve into this more complicated topic. The final chapter is about financial strategy and as best I can surmise is completely unrelated to value investing.The heavy emphasis on net asset value is misguided and outdated. Warren Buffett, Graham's most famous student has said "What I pay attention to is earning power. Coca-Cola has no tangible common equity. But they've got huge earning power".  Overall I believe the book provides a poor analytical framework and I cannot recommend it at all.
I'll be honest, I was bored during the majority of the book. The characters were, for the most part, unsympathetic. The premise was dull, and, though it is, in theory, Jake talking about Cohn, I didn't feel like it was Cohn's story...and he was the only one with much of a background at all. I am not a fan of the style, the simplistic adjectives and the high amounts of repetition (possibly a carry over from Hemingway's own association with Stein),and I probably wouldn't read it again, but I am content that I read it at least once.
I have no idea why this book is considered to be a so called "Classic Of Modern Literature". I have read it twice over a 25 year period and I still fail to be impressed by it. It concerns an 16 year old teenager named Holden Caulfield who flunks out of School and rather than facing the wrath of his parents he decides to rent a Hotel room in New York for 5 days. A great portion of the book is Caulfield describing his Rampant Teenage Hormonal Desires and yet when he finally gets a consenting adult female in his room he declines to sleep with her!!! This is very strange considering his obsession with older women which he describes on his train journey on the way to New York where he meets a mother of one of his classmates and is sexually attracted to her. The rest of the book sees Caulfield trying to get drunk and whining about how everybody else in this world is a "phoney " except of course himself. He also displays a fascination with homosexuality and one begins to wonder if he is in reality suppressing his true Sexuality .Read this book if you want to see how a 16 year old teenager has yet to discover that he can run but he can't hide from himself no matter how  hard he tries.
It is rarely that I have written less than a glowing review of any book dealing with the topics of globalization, outsourcing and the ilk. As someone who is intrigued by these issues, I have found all of my reads thus far to be riveting and educative. I wish I could I say the same about Oded Shenkar's book "The Chinese Century." I am afraid that was not the case.The book suffers from some clear flaws. First and foremost is the fact that it focuses solely on one facet of the Chinese growth story, viz. exports and imports, and that too from a largely US-centric world view. For someone who is interested in understanding the different facets of the Chinese story and its geopolitical ramifications (as can be seen today in China's relations with Sudan, Iran, and Venezuela among others), this book clearly falls short.Second, the tone adopted by the author is one of unbridled optimism regarding China's growth prospects. I, for one, do not necessarily share the same world view. No nation has been able to eat its cake and have it too. If you want to be a modern nation enjoying all the economic benefits that come out of a free market system, you also need to be a democracy that is built on the separation of powers between the executive and the judiciary, a free media and a vibrant middle class that is not afraid to speak up its mind. I am not sure China will be able to escape that painful transition at some point of time. The question is not "If", it is a question of "When". I would have therefore liked to see the author explain how China can make the transition from a communist nation ruled by a narrow clique to a modern nation without a democratic change thrown somewhere in between. I am afraid that he did not.Finally to round off, I would also like to point out that the book suffers from typographical errors that are clearly unacceptable in a book published from Wharton School Publishing. Two examples, both from the same page (pg. 85 of the paper back edition) for the skeptics who need proof. "Finally, there is the potential liability and litigation cost when a safety-related product such as a break pad fails, and the legitimate manufacturer is implicated." Or, "The direct losses of U.S. IPR owners in copyrighted industries (such as movies) alone in China have been estimated at more than $1.8 annually." The proof reader probably needs to be told that it is not "break pads" but "brake pads" and that the losses to IPR owners are closer to $1.8 billion than $1.8!Overall I am happy that the book finished at 187 pages. It's a disappointment though that not much of substance was said in those 187 pages.
A very disappointing read from an author I admire.  The book creates a dreary and morbid atmosphere, and none of the characters are in the least bit attractive or sympathetic. The plot is slow and convoluted. The insight into the writing process is brief. A waste of time.
I usually appreciate English humor, but this time I was really disappointed. The author's attempts at humor did not even bring a smile to my face. I was curious about the story, but not enough to finish reading something that was written in such a boring way. I just stopped in the middle.Apart from that, I suppose I simply could not relate to a writer/character who is in his twenties and still thinks of himself as a boy, as he calls himself. I'm totally ok with a person getting out of his or her job and experimenting with creative things, or even feeling lost and not knowing what to do next. The real problem is that I cannot relate to the shallow person whose story I was trying to follow. I hope he became a deeper person along the way, but I just could not read anymore of that.
I have never used Swing before. It seemed like a right choice for my latest app, whose main target is a small set of cross-platform developers. Because of the audience, I did not have to worry about getting that platform look-and-feel just right, and it is a 6 week project.I've done a lot of GUI work, so coding a new one is mostly a matter of figuring out "how do they implement this feature that I've done in 3 other toolkits". I like an overview, describinh general philosophy and main features: what's the frame hierarchy, menus, command chains, graphics model.I did not get this out of this book. There was a lot of detail, but no big picture, no "how do I get things done". The navigation was awkward, especially since there is no index. The index is in Volume III, which I do not have. That alone is just silly. It is as if they wrote one book, and then just chopped it into 2 parts.I got what I needed fromCore Java(TM), Volume I--FundamentalsandCore Java, Vol. 2: Advanced Features. Surprisingly, their swing coverage was enough to get me on the right track, the rest I can google.
I've read several of Oprah's book recommendations, and have been very satisfied with her selections until now.  I have been completely disappointed in this book from the first page.  I am on page 161 now, and although I will finish it, I'm not really all that into the story.  The book has an interesting premise:  an Irani Colonel who buys a house at an auction to try to restore his family's faith in him, Kathy Nicolo whose life is falling apart (first her husband leaves, then she loses her house to the county's mistake), and their ensuing battle for ownership of the small, one-story, L-shaped house with a hedge-lined yard on Bisgrove.The unfortunate thing is the actual telling of the story.  Mr. Dubus does have a good grip on the use of the English language, and there are some shining moments in his prose, but seeing as his first book was a compilation of short stories, and he has won awards for his short stories, and this book feels like it should have been a short story, he should have stuck with that format.  My major complaints are lack of suspense (despite what all the critics have said), a lack of humor in this dark, depressing, drag-down book (please, just one moment to laugh at somewhere), and the fact that the only characters I have come to feel any emotion for (other than complete revulsion) is the Behrani family, and Mr. Dubus gives them the raw end of just about everything in this book.  I'm sure the Persian friend he asked for help in the accuracy of the the Behranis was thrilled with their portrayal.  Give me a break.In closing, I believe there are many other worthwhile books you could spend your time and money on, and really you should pass this one over.  I'm sorry I wasted my time and money on it.
I love historical fiction, and as a doctor, I am also interested in the history of medicine. Considering that this book features the excesses of court life under Charles II and the treatment of the mentally ill in the 17th Century, I really expected to enjoy it. As a simple story I did, but I constantly felt that something was lacking.The book tries to show us the evolution of Robert Merrivel's character from hedonistic, self-interested and needy, to wise and contented. Indeed, at the end of the book Merrivel seems to achieve what he craved all the way through - a sense of worth and of being loved by someone. He thought he had these at the beginning of the book in the form of social standing and the King's affection, but discovered that he was fooling himself.It was surprising then, that in the end, he finds these things in just that - social standing and the King's affection. The fact that we are told Merrivel eventually realises his foolishness in wanting the King's friendship, and yet at the end still craves, pursues and recieves it anyway, I felt somehow ridiculous. I wondered whether this really showed a transformation of character. He made use of the same things as he did in the beginning of the book for affirmation. In short, I found it disappointing that his aims and goals, and his criteria for happiness, did not change along with his personality.  Merrivel's actions simply do not reflect what the book is trying to tell us has occured within him. This incongruity bothered me quite a lot, and left me wondering what the point of describing the inner transformation was.I also felt more could have been made of the Bedlem section of the book. It would have been nice if Merrivel had made a discovery on the treatment of mental illness, just as he realised that the heart as an organ has no sense of feeling (a well known medical fact today). But that is just a personal feeling I guess.Read this book if you want a good story, and an interesting main character. Just don't expect the emotional journey of Merrivel to make much sense in the end.
This is a very short work, more accurately labeled a short story than a novella, easy readable in 1-2 hours.  Its theme is as old as the hills, "be careful what you wish for, lest you receive it."Kino and his wife Juana live a hardscrabble existence with their newborn son in a straw hut on the beach, where Kino scratches out a meager existence as a pearl diver.  Kino's discovery of "the pearl of a lifetime" changes his life over night.  Kino imagines all of the positive things the pearl will make possible, while his wife soon recognizes it as a source of evil which soon gives rise to a string of disasters which they struggle in vain to overcome.Again, there is nothing original in what is essentially a parable of untold age.  It has been compared in style, setting and theme to Hemingway's Old Man and The Sea, but in my opinion, it suffers by comparison.
When read with Scott Patterson's Dark Pools, gives a more technical side of what's going on with traders.  I don't think that either author really understood much about the trading from the technical side, and the traders certainly didn't share anything with either of these authors.
I loved the first four books in this series, but "Fiery Cross" lacks the passion and adventure of Gabaldon's previous offerings.While Gabaldon writes well, over the course of a thousand pages she tends to repeat herself noticeably - endless descriptions of breast-feeding and red hair glinting in sunlight, for example.She obviously has done her research -- and wants to use every bit of it.  There are lots of detailed explanations of bodily functions and medical procedures, from diapering babies to treating snake bite.  While some of these scenes would have added color and a glimpse of 18th century life, it sometimes feels like the book is just a collection of medical studies.Also, while Claire and Jamie (and Roger and Briana) are still cute, without conflict and separation there's not a lot of the longing and anxiety that made the first books so compelling.  It turns out happily married people aren't that entertaining.Most importantly, I felt like nothing substantive happened in this book - I could have skipped on to the next in the series and not missed anything.  The sick recover, the bad guys get away, and in the end we're right back where we started.
THis book has to be one of my worst buys for Step 1 study.The material did not reflect the exam and many questions were much easier than the actual exam.I would suggest using USMLEworld instead...much more reflective in terms of the Step Exams
I have enjoyed this series from the beginning.  The characters have been interesting and the plots have been inventive.  However, this latest installment of the Women's Murder Club mysteries fell flat.  There is very little mystery, the writing is stilted and, in the end, the story lines seem to fall apart as the authors scramble to tie the loose ends together.As always, it is a quick read, but the story itself is a mish-mash, with a fair amount of personal issues thrown in for good measure.  I agree with  previous reviewers that there are quite a few resolutions that just don't ring true, including the adoption by leaders of a ladies biker group.  If you're looking for something to fill the time, this might still fit the bill.  But, I recommend you check this book out from your local library, rather than purchase it.
I hesitate to write a negative review but I want to warn others who are looking for good dating advice. I don't believe that advice is here.Ms. Kasl means well but the whole book is full of pop psychology, cliches, platitudes and flowery language all wrapped up under the umbrella "Buddhism" even though she talks about many spiritual traditions.Now I like flowery language...in a novel, but not in dating books.Further, I am sorry, I don't feel her information will be that helpful in the dating world.  Ms. Kasl seems to feel that we disconnect from our true selves and are "not authentic" if we take the advice of other dating gurus.  I feel she is ignoring what is obvious in life and denying the dance of dating.  It feels very "nicey nicey", politically correct and wrong.I could have given better advice. If you want to be like the Buddha dating...have compassion for everyone who comes your way, practice kindness, be honest and don't have too many expectations and accept what comes to you.  There, that was simple.Most readers will need other kinds of advice.  Practical advice...on how to set boundaries, relationship progression, how to communicate and express yourself, guidance on the first, second and dates beyond, what men want and respond to, and how to attract the one you want.  And, yes, Ms. Kasl, you don't lose your "self" when using this info...you actually form wonderful relationships.  I had to laugh at her and another Buddhist criticizing more mainstream ideas...I bet you a dime a dozen that that Buddhist man had a woman who claims to want everything "equal" has a woman who is feminine, flirty, and brings out the masculine in him.I would recommend Steve Nakamoto for the male point of view, Patricia Allen about female and male energies, a book called "Get Over Yourself".  There are so many books out there to enhance your love life, I would try those first. They are practical and will help to make dating more enjoyable and successful.
I use candlesticks myself because they are visually superior to bar charts, but their value as a trading tool is very questionable.  Because of that, I would've given this book a 1 star rating if it didn't contain some very interesting backtesting results.  Ironically, these results show that even the best candlestick patterns yield short term returns that are so small that trading costs eliminate them.
This is Arenas' autobiography. Let me say, first, that I have read his works of fiction and have found them to be excellent, and in some cases, hilarious. Second, I really found his graphic descriptions of his homosexual activities to be revolting. Third, this writer was about to be relegated to oblivion because of his frank anti-Communism and the film that was made with this title rescued his writings from oblivion, yet, it is pathetic that he is now being read by the English speaking world not because of his literary talent but because he became a famously persecuted homosexual writer. Again, let me urge the reader to read his other works, because they are good. I have read them in the original Spanish and don't know how well they've translated into other languages, so if you can read them in the original Spanish, do so.
The review quote on the book's cover called this an atmospheric thriller.  Hardly.  The book certainly had atmosphere as most well written novels do, but it was more of a mystery novel than a thriller.  Much of the novel's length was spent in character development.  The last hundred pages or so presented the mystery.  I don't like being mislead by review blurbs that don't present a true depiction of the novel.  A thriller is a book that you can't put down.  This novel was easy to put down and hard to pick up again.
This one's not properly formattedfor the KindleDon't bother!It will drive you nutsBut don't overlook the bookKipling is a lot more sophisticated than he looksSome have called this a mystery or thrillerI loved the intricate look at cultureand a little bonusA lama's enlightenment
I believe this book almost perfectly captures the essence of the Clinton administration.It is full of lies and half truths, lazy in its lack of organization, self indulgent, self serving- a perfect recap. Clinton took the advance money, and then didn't bother to write the book. How typical of his presidency, where he won the election then didn't bother to be president.Of course, what could Bill talk about if forced to discuss his presidency? After the first few months, it was 7  years of illegal fund raisers and skirt chasing. He's not going to write about that! Or should he write about how Newt Gingrich took his presidency from him? Or, about staffing the White House with prostitutes at tax payer expense?With so many things off limits, the 1100 pages are divided up about like this:300 pages about his weight700 pages of fact free filler100 pages of feeling sorry for himself.BTW: any reviewer who says they liked this did not actually read it.
This was a boring book. I got it because it was mentioned in another book I was reading. I was going to give it as a gift, but ditched that idea.
After reading all of the glowing reviews for this book, I ordered it and about 10 others. This turned out to be my least favorite.It reads like a textbook or encyclopedia. I believe they intended it to be this way, as there are extensive &#34;Review Questions&#34; at the end of each chapter. They often require external research. For example,  &#34;Gather monthly closing prices for the Dow Jones Industrial Average from 1965 until the present. A) Graph the monthly data for the DJIA for the 1965 to 1980 time period. Was the market in an uptrend, downtrend or sideways trend during that time? Explain your answer&#34;.After A -- B, C, D and E are similar questions which require extensive work. It would take more than 1 - 2 hours to do each of the &#34;Review Questions&#34;. My point is, this book was clearly written for a classroom and not for traders/investors.What's worse, most of the information they do provide leaves many more questions than answers. They have a short section on moving averages and in a simple paragraph or two will attempt to tell you the strategies that &#34;may&#34; be used to signal buy or sell trades. This does absolutely nothing for the reader.Another example: In 2 pages they attempt to summarize the different stock/market pick strategies from well known investors such as William O'Neil, Wyckoff, Kirkpatrick and others. They almost present the information as if that's all you need to know.If you want to learn William O'Neil's CANSLIM method, you need to purchase his book(s) to understand and implement it. Reading a paragraph about him provides the reader with no real value. Again, this book's intention seems to be more towards giving a summary of different technical analysis aspects but never goes into great detail, let alone how you may be profitable from using one strategy or another.
Mulla Nasrudin can be a pretty entertaining guy, but in this book the stories are uniformly just plain dumb. It's as though he's operating on another planet. The drawings that accompany the stories are pretty pathetic too. Maybe my mindset is jaundiced, but my father used to tell me Mulla stories when I was a kid and none of them were as off the wall as these.
I generously give this book 2 stars because I thought it was just bizarre. I did not find it interesting, worldly, or culturally beneficial. Based on other peoples' reviews, (many or most of which were 4-5 pages in length), I suspect I did not give it enough time; I struggled for weeks to get past the 37% mark on my Kindle. Apparently it has a belated take-off. For me, there was entirely too much unnecessary medical / surgical factual detail, and too much bizarre, misplaced, and unnecessary sexual reference.I always read the reviews before I buy. After this purchase I made a mental note never to purchase a book with too many reviews 4-5 pages in length. I couldn't get through the reviews let alone the book!I'm really not sure to recommend this book to.
I'm not a big fan of horror stories or movies, but with all the buzz about the movie, I decided to pick up this book. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The book gets close to being scary, but unfortunately it constantly retreats back into a laundry list of upscale clothing, art, food, literature and wine. Reading this book didn't make me scared, it just made me want to buy a new tailor made suit, visit an art museum and go out for a gourmet dinner (or better yet, prepare a gourmet dinner). The only real horror in this book was trying to guess what wine Hannibal would choose for his &quot;gourmet&quot; cannibal meals. Red Dragon and Silence of the Lambs were scary, this is just commercial.
I began this book in quest of an accurate historical account. Perhaps I was looking for something this author never intended to provide. I found it to be thoroughly confusing and tedious. Just about the time I thought I was beginning to understand what I had read, I found out that I was farther off base than ever! I've read reviews that indicate failure to complete is not unique to me. I made it to 40%. Perhaps upon completing other works I will return and see if this one makes more sense.
Hi:This book was the harder reading, ever. It was truly a pain to read it. There are books that you would like not to finish and books that you can&#8217;t wait to finish. This book is in the latter case. Don&#8217;t buy it!
This book is an antique and is interesting in terms of historical background. But mostly I bought it because it has some excellent info on basic principles of cohesion, coupling, etc.
This was a book I stopped reading when I was one-third of the way into it.  It's not because I think Great Britain is a boring place to read about (quite the opposite), it's because Theroux's writing is filled with so much sneering contempt for the places he visits and the people he encounters.  With a greatly inflated sense of his own intelligence, he snorts at everyone's little foibles and stupidities and sniffs disdainfully at every little town or vista he passes.  It's like being stuck in the car with a conceited sourpuss for a REALLY long road trip...  not worth it.
The prologue tells of a man, Lin, who has a loveless marriage to a woman Shuyu, whom he attempts to divorce several times, so he can marry Manna, a woman with whom he works. Without mutual consent, and barring extremely extenuating circumstances,during the time this story unfolds, a person must wait 18 years to be granted a divorce.After the prologue, the author fills you in on what he has already divulged.  Why would he tell what is going to happen when you're going to read it anyway.Save yourself lots of time.  Listen to the song "After, You Get What You Want, You Don't Want It", and you'll get the gist of this tedious book.
I've read three Iris Murdoch novels and this is hands down the worst.  The other two (The Nice and the Good, A Fairly Honourable Defeat) are very good indeed, but this one's tedious, over the top, and thoroughly inconsequential.If there's meant to be a point, it seems to revolve around an abandoned wife presented as a Christ-like figure, patiently enduring martyrdom and inspiring the adoration of various humble devotees in the Wild Highlands.  This works well if you can envision Christ as a simpering sado-masochist, alternating emotional seduction and subsequent betrayal of innocents with trembling submission to uber-abusers.  Personally, I have trouble finding a resemblance to Christ in anyone so trifling and so vicious.The other principal characters are almost equally preposterous.  As the story opens, Miss Highland Thang is attended by the New Girl - a gullible companion / servant ripe for the psychological rack & thumbscrews - as well as her immediate predecessor in victimhood, a thoroughly beaten and bedazzled Boy, and the handsome, boy-raping Manservant who varies his recreational menu with the sexual taunting of whatever woman happens to be sublimating in the immediate vicinity. Waiting in the wings are other assorted neighborhood folk in a state of more or less chronic muddleheadedness.The faintest rumor of the impending return of the demonic, wifebeating Dark Lord from across the deep, deep ocean throws all of these fine people into a Major Tizzy.The thing runs on and on, and stuff happens, but it's all quite stupid, implausible, and ultimately meaningless.  I guess that makes this an example of nihilist literature.  It's certainly boring enough to qualify.
As other reviewers have said this book is less about logic and more about ranting.  To the point, I have been reading both "How to Win Every Argument" and "Crimes Against Logic" side by side.  In CRL, page 32-35 Whyte writes about "mystery" where he rants against the Christian Doctrine of the Trinity.  In HtWEA, pages 11-13,  Pirie details the "Analogical Fallacy", and also on pages 60-63, Pirie details the "Every Schoolboy Knows" fallacy.  Whyte commits both of these fallacies in his arguments against the Chritian Doctrine of the Trinity.  He uses a fish analogy to introduce the topic and then uses the same analogy to support the argument later, which constitutes a fallacy.  Then he goes on to use the every schoolboy knows fallacy to beat down in advance any counter arguments to his point.  You, the reader, doesn't want to be "that idiot" who doesn't understand "basic arithmetic that everyone with the slightest education" should understand.  If his fallacy worked on you, you would be too embarrassed to even consider the opposite point of view, which he has not actually successfully refuted with his arguments.This is a simple slice of both books.  "How to Win every Argument" is the better book, it has less whining and more humor.  Whyte's "Crimes Against Logic" is a hypocritical work, because he uses  fallacies to make his arguments.I'm sorry I bought it.
This book seems very helpful for the Praxis exams.  It has several practice exams, and sections explaining important material that is on the test.  However, when using a practice book, I expect the answers to be correct....otherwise what is the point?  On the math section, there were several questions where the "correct" answer given was CLEARLY wrong.  For example, the book says that the angle made when the minute hand of a clock is on the 12 and the hour hand is on the 3 is a 45 degree angle.....however, this is clearly a 90 degree angle (since a circle has 360 degrees.  Since these questions are wrong, I have to question the other answers presented in the book.
For several years, Penguin had a version of this that was very handsome and professionally printed.  It was in their "Penguin Modern Classics" line.  Get that one if you can.THIS ONE, the one I'm trying to review:  the "Dalkey Archive" one, the one that has a picture of a guy standing in front of a poster for a bullfight, was not printed professionally.  It's like it's a knock-off copy or something!  The paragraphs are not centered on the page.  Not just here and there, but for hundreds of pages on end!  It gets quite annoying.  You've got 2 cm's of space from the text to the bottom of the page, but at the top two full inches between the text and the top of the page.Slip-shod work, gents.
A former employer of mine gave us all a copy of the best-selling book, telling us that after reading it, our productivity and attitude would increase tenfold.So, I, like all the others, read it. Like many on this site, I found the "revelations" to be trite, repetitive, and an insult to me as an adult.The only thing that the book tells me is that we Americans are suckers for any self-help guru with an "idea" destined to improve our believed-to-be mundane lives.
I got an audio copy of this book for a long road trip and if I hadn't been trapped in a car in a blizzard, I would never have completed it. This book reads like a co-op creative writing class assignment. The phrase "I digress!" would be over-used to describe the narrative. For heaven's sake, get to the point! 80% of the text could easily have been eliminated and perhaps that would have sharpened the plot. Except for the few references to traditions at Princeton and some of its illustrious grads, there's not much in any of the four main characters to engage the reader. I'm not sure there would have been a book without the university to anchor it. The mystery itself is treated with less than focus and is remarkably predictable.
This book is supposed to be told in three distinct voices: young Antoinetta, Rochester, and Crazy Antoinetta stuck in the attic. But the narration jumps about and it isn't told in three distinct voices: Antoinetta is in Rochester's section, and the voices are so similar that it is impossible to tell who is speaking. And it is very contrived because you know (or at least those of us who read &quot;Jane Eyre&quot;) how it is going to end. It's much ado about something we already know about. I gave it two stars because Rhys can really capture a setting, and the scene that foreshadows the fire at the end of Jane Eyre was wonderfully written. It's an easy read, so if you loved Jane Eyre and want some more of it, go ahead and read it. Just don't expect to be as moved as you were by Bronte.
I enjoyed the beginning of this book immensely and started recommending it to my friends... in the middle, the Codex bogged down and by the end it was terrible... I think writing an end to a book is the most difficult job of the author and most books fall short in this area in my opinion... but Codex may have the worst ending of any of the thousands of books I have read...  Is Edward that much of a simpleton that he sits down in the plane to England and puts the most valuable thing you can image - something he has spent a month finding - in the overhead luggage compartment and keeps his worthless laptop in his lap as he falls asleep... Grossman does both his character and the reader a huge disservice in ending the novel the way he does...  If I were to re-write the ending, I would have Edward find another way to go to England and never get on the plane to Heathrow with the CODEX!  Hey, why not take a taxi or two to avoid being followed and end up in New Jersey and fly from Newark anonymously... there are too many ways to avoid his foolish behavior at the end of the book...  Now I am telling my friends I was wrong and that Lev Grossman is not a writer worth reading!
The 5-star reviews were given only by 3 types of people: (1) Keller-Williams agents who want to praise their own company so other agents will think highly of them & join KW, these "sponsor" KW agents in turn will earn 10% of what you bring in {check the similarity of this to multi-level marketing}; (2) Other agents who want you to fail in real estate so they can be one of the very few who succeed; and (3) People who have no clue about real estate and will be duped by brokers (as is the author of this book) into wasting tens of thousands of their own money to invest in this shrinking field with nothing to show for. Read the statistics at NAR dot org and know the truth. Don't be a failure in a career with no future, unless you love people and have 10 people ready to buy/sell or CLOSE on a house right now {& I repeat "right now!"}, and 10 more CLOSINGS for each month thereafter (& you like fighting for them against other agents at the other end of the deal). With technology and info available everywhere, people are bypassing the agents. Same thing happened to the airline industry, sales, & other occupation. The economy has changed, we live in an international trade atmosphere. If not medical or service industry, I highly recommend searching about other industries and jobs that look promising for this new century.*And let me also say based on personal experience that about 90% of real estate agents out there are dishonest, unethical people. Should you find yourself needing to talk to one, ask friends about their experience and if they could refer someone who gave them GREAT service. You have to ask a lot of people to find the answer, but never rely on ads regardless of what agents/brokerages promise in it.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a nasty book!  Couldn't finish reading it!  I got about half way through.  Too much immorality of the most debased kind.  I can't understand why a story like this needed to be written.  Disgusting, hard to read, muddled plot, yuk.
I found this book disappointing, and not even close to as captivating as his other books.If you're an airplane buff, you'll like this book.  If you are a Crichton fan, maybe not.
This book is a transparent effort to hitch a ride on Obama's exceedingly successful presidential campaign. The book feels contrived -- as if Obama's presence in the subject matter is solely to financially benefit the authors and publisher. That may be the strongest business message in the book -- put Obama on the cover and sell a lot of books.There are four chapters in the book, so either the authors are very concise in communicating their important points, or there isn't enough substance contained within the covers. It's the latter.Obama's campaign will be studied at length for years to come, but it deserves serious works that examine the details. Attempting to combine that political success with what it takes to succeed in today's business environment is both a stretch where there is no connection, or patently obvious where there is one. And, so help me, the word "cool" must have been used hundreds of times in this book, and in a work as brief as this one, that is way too much.This book fails in both areas it attempts to combine -- isn't a serious business book and it isn't a serious Obama book. It does have an attractive cover.
Provided supply of tutorials of various kind is plenty,another reference might be justified in context ofillustrative reusable examples, "building blocks".Instead same, from times of his C++ complete references,printf turned into println examples.
I just finished the first book of this series and enjoyed it. I wanted to get the other two, and thought the Kindle edition would be a nice way. $9.99 for it? A NEW paperback is 89 cents more. And I can give it to my mom/girlfriend/co-worker endless times...Amazon, you need to fix this stupid pricing model.---------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATED:Gosh, now that Penguin has gone batty, the $9.99 was a deal, hunh? I would have reviewed the book initially, but it took me a long time to track down a used paper copy.For as much as I enjoyed City of Glass, the other two stories were a repetition of the same theme... I quickly grew tired of the "color" gimmick of Ghosts, and the story offered little else. The final story about Fanshawe might have been interesting, but it wasn't... it dragged on. And since the "point" of the story is the same as the first two stories, you're slogging through the writing to reach a place you've already been.Each story trades on the tension that is created by your anticipation of what is going to happen... And then nothing does. It's brilliant once, but reading the entire trilogy is like going to a magic show where the magician does the same trick over and over again for two hours. It ceases to be entertaining.I enjoyed the stories enough to read another Paul Auster at some point in the future... But since I do my reading on a Kindle and Penguin has decided they hate Kindle users, it will be only if I happen to stumble across one in a used book store. If I read a book I love, I usually read everything the author has... This was not a book I loved. This was a book that maybe kinda was good. I don't feel any need to run out and get 2 more books by Auster. There were things I liked about it, but the overall experience of reading this book is draining and dreary.If I had it to do all over again, I would have skipped this entirely and gone with the Graphic Novel version of City of Glass.
I didn't really like this book. It may be helpful for someone who was living on the other planet for couple past years, or had not Internet connection. Or may be I am too critical. Or whatever else. I just may be didn't like it.
I struggled through most of it, but did not care for the book. The story line had nothing on the hook.  Boring.
This has so much violence and gruesome detail.  It is like porn for sadists.  There are stupid remarks that just unkind and untrue about gays, cops, mothers.  It is overly dramatic -- one character would never love another man, one was angry about having to think about wise food choices.  Meanwhile there is torture.  Horrible book that will not make you feel better when it is over.
In August 1939, shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War, five cousins come to spend the summer holidays with their uncle and aunt in Cornwall. (The title refers to the lawn in front of the house, which later becomes a symbol of their carefree pre-war youth). The novel then follows the changing fortunes of these five, of their Uncle Richard and Aunt Helena, of Max and Monika, an Austrian Jewish refugee couple, of the local Rector and his wife and of their twin sons, through the war. Intercut with the wartime scenes are scenes set in the 1980s, at Max's funeral, when his surviving friends and acquaintances meet to reveal what has happened to them during the intervening years.The above synopsis might suggest that this is a lengthy novel; in fact, it is quite a short one (in my edition only 330 pages), and in my view it is the shortness of the novel which is its major problem. Miss Wesley has set herself the task of telling the stories of a large group of people, but has not allowed herself adequate space in which to perform that task. As a result, the complex story is told in insufficient detail, which means that the characters fail to come alive.The major theme of the novel is the challenge posed to conventional ideas of morality by the changed conditions of wartime. (Most of the characters either form adulterous liaisons or indulge in casual promiscuity). This theme could have been an interesting one, but unfortunately the characters are under-developed and lack any sense of an inner life. It is therefore difficult to understand their motivation or the reasons for their behaviour, and the oportunity to develop this major theme is lost. Most of the main characters, in fact, simply come across as self-centred and lacking in feeling. Even those described as being in love are frequently unfaithful to each other. This would not matter if Miss Wesley's aim had been to create a portrait of a cold, selfish group of people, but I was left with the strong impression that she wanted to make many of them sympathetic or attractively unconventional and failed to do so. This is not a book I could recommend.I noticed a few factual errors in the book. I will not go through them all, but I must say that, contrary to what Miss Wesley states, the conductor Wilhelm Furtwangler was not "very pro-Hitler".
I guess if one wanted an encyclopedia from an engineering perspective, this would be the text book.For an average RVer who wants to learn about the intricacies of boondocking, it was way too technical and boring actually, for me to stick with.The verbage was wordy, wordy, wordy and went on way too long to hang with for long.  What seemed could be covered in a paragraph or two turned into 6 pages of repeat information, said 3 different ways.Am sure engineers turned RVers would absorb most of the information, but the rest of us .... uhhh, not. I've gotten more out of bloggers explaining how/what/why they added a solar system to their rig ... in 3 or 4 posts total.
After hearing rave reviews about the movie from my mom, I decided to give the book a try. The book is usually better than the movie, and since this book got such great critical reception, it was probably fantastic, right?Wrong. Dead wrong.It started out great. Niffenegger introduces us to the conflict and the characters right away, and by showing how Clare--the non-traveller--knows Henry while Henry has clearly never met her before was immediately fascinating. I love temporal  paradoxes, and by making Henry and Clare's relationship essentially a temporal paradox, it snagged my attention and made my head spin.Unfortunately, the author didn't keep writing in that same vein. She jumped right into a sex scene (in which Henry describes his erection in a way that made me feel icky) and from then on decided to write in a way that would make the critics happy and make ordinary readers cringe. Judging from the warm critical reception it's recieved (and the glowing profiles in Writer's Digest), a literary novel needs the following ingredients:1. An intriguing premise, never played to its full potential. Niffenegger's idea for this book was fantastic, but I felt she didn't explore everything she could have with it. So Henry goes back in time and doesn't change anything. Does he ever TRY? No. We just have him saying, again and again, that he can't change the past. Why not SHOW us he can't change anything? Show him trying to be heroic! Wise! Anything but a long-haired loser who spends his days downing his sorrows in whiskey!2. Sex. I guess that's what people do nowadays, because she rarely showed Henry and Clare doing anything else. I mean, yeah, she showed them doing other things, but every time they got together, it seemed they had sex.3. Curse words. Because no one says anything else, apparently. If your character is cold, don't have him say "Because it's really cold out here." Have him say "Because it's really f---ing cold out here." That way is more realistic.4. Details. Give us details. Describe everything they do, say, wear and eat in as many words as possible. Readers care about what your characters order at a Thai restaurant, even if they've never eaten Thai food and don't know what it is they're eating. When your character gives birth, make sure you describe everything that happens in excruciating detail. Show us every minute of her agony. Of course we want to see it! Who doesn't?5. A melodramatic run on because everyone knows that writers think differently than other human beings and you want to be different so you need to write differently and make your readers long for a comma or a semicolon the way a man longs for water after eating hot sauce but there is none in sight so his mouth burns with rage and desire.6. A kindhearted homosexual, preferably with AIDS. Bonus if he adds nothing to the plot.7. Sex. Did I say that already? Silly me. Just throw in another sex scene, even if it doesn't fit.8. A black midget lesbian who, like Kindhearted Homosexual, adds nothing to the plot but a touch of melodrama.9. An ex-girlfriend who dates (for a time) the black midget lesbian and is supposed to be a psychotic harpy, but who really just makes your male lead look like a commitment-phobic loser who will readily dump his steady girlfriend for the next hottie to come along.10. A dysfunctional family for one of the main characters. This is vital. If you have an intact nuclear family, you must make it dysfunctional. If they are Christian, they must be rude as well.11. Unused setup. Did you spend the first third of the book showing how the male lead is on the run from cops and everyone else because he travels time? Have him die in a hunting accident. It's not a cop-out; it's ARTSY.12. Constant swipes at capitalism. So what if your couple won the lottery and are now living large in Chicago? They still need to make fun of the capitalist pigs. And no need to make them generous with their wealth; poking fun at capitalists is enough to show what good people they are.In short, I felt this was a fantastic premise, poorly executed. I know I could've written it better.
The author, Jennifer Kloester, evidently took this subject as her PhD. dissertation topic. One can only hope that the dissertation itself was something other than the text provided here. If there is an original thought, expression, or source in this book I will eat my hat and yours too. By page 40, enough ignorant takes on Heyer's text have stacked up that the average book reviewer would howl.The illustrations are beyond bad and appear to be an attempt to avoid paying for use of originals.I am virtually at a loss for words to express how completely useless this book is.The title of this bundle of pages should be _The Slaughter of Innocent Trees to No Purpose_, or something more pointedly defamatory about the quality of the author's intellectual and scholarly skills.Do Not buy this book. Instead, read the fun, witty and enchanting Heyer books themselves, and then read some original sources, or the many historiographical books available on the topic.
I purchased this book a few years ago in hopes that it would help myself and others free themselves from chronic back pain, but it was of no benefit.  And now I know why.  These exercises will not resolve a person's back pain, or other chronic pain, because the true diagnosis of common chronic pain is TMS (Tension Myositis Syndrome), and the treatment for TMS does not include exercises specific to the area of chronic pain, such as back exercises.MY STORY:I've purchased dozens of books such as this on how to deal with pain, in hope of finding answers to my own chronic pain as well as the pain of others. But none of the books helped.  All the 'answers' to chronic pain seemed to be dead ends.Then about 2 months ago I saw an a pop-up ad on my computer for the book &#34;The Great Pain Deception: Faulty Medical Advice is Making Us Worse&#34; by Steven Ozanich, I was annoyed by the pop-up ad and I had no interest in purchasing another Empty Promise book about pain relief. Thus I almost didn't buy Ozanich's book--but the subtitle, &#34;Faulty Medical Advice is Making Us Worse&#34; caught my attention.And Thank God I did buy Ozanich's book! Ozanich's book changed my life, because for the first time I actually learned the CAUSE of my chronic pain, which is TMS (tension myositis syndrome). Ozanich's book is about the work of Dr. John E. Sarno. Sarno has successfully treated over 10,000 patients, freeing them from years or decades of debilitating pain. Ozanich's book is about his own recovery from pain. but it also contains a whole lot of information about the diagnosis of TMS in general. See my other (TMS-related) sources below.THREE TRUTHS for the long-time chronic pain sufferer:1. Chronic pain ( is caused by TMS. Not by trigger points, not by slipped discs or other spine 'abnormalities,', not by faulty posture--but by TMS.  TMS is NOT a &#34;vague, mysterious disease,&#34;  Once you know what TMS is, you can treat it.2.  Few physicians (and authors) have heard about TMS to date--either that or they will pooh pooh it as 'not mainstream medicine.'  This is because there is a strong bias in conventional medicine against 'psychophysiological diagnoses.'  But if you want to actually fully recover from your chronic back pain, then you have to take the bull by the horns and learn about TMS on your own.The success rate of TMS is high, and improvement can happen rapidly.  Once your health improves through TMS knowledge, then YOU can teach your DOCTOR about it.3. Unless/until you learn about TMS and ACCEPT that it is the true CAUSE of chronic pain and ADDRESS it, then you will NEVER achieve full resolution of your symptoms.  Exercises, Feldenkrais, Pilates, whatever--your pain will either keep coming back or it will move around your body--from your hips to your back to your shoulders and/or neck, whatever--only knowledge of TMS and its treatment can free you from your pain.  That's not just my opinion.  That's a fact.See the resources below to learn about TMS. I'm finally resolving my own pain. I believe you can resolve yours, too, with knowledge of TMS as the cause of your pain.TO THE SKEPTICS:  You can believe me or not.  You can check out my sources below or not.  The choice is yours.  But if you don't check them out, then you will never know what you are missing.Good luck to all.Sources:--&#34;Healing Back Pain: The Mind-Body Connection&#34; John E. Sarno, MD (2010)--&#34;The Divided Mind: The Epidemic of Mindbody Disorders &#34; John E. Sarno, MD (2007)--*The Great Pain Deception: Faulty Medical Advice Is Making Us Worse&#8221;&#8212;Steven Ray Ozanich (2011)------[my personal favorite].--tmswiki.com--youtube.com. Look up &#34;Dr. John Sarno 20/20&#34; and others. Watch the video by &#34;Juliet Archdale.&#34;
Maybe this book was too subtle for a dunce like me, but I didn't get the allure.  It was given to me with rave reviews by my boss.  I thought the info on the silk industry at the time was interesting.  But I didn't get how he could fall in love with someone from such a distance.  I didn't have any emotional investment in the characters.  Like someone else said, maybe something was lost in the translation to English.  Short read, so not a huge waste of time.
On a short trip and looking for a book to read at Target, I picked up "A Breath of Snow and Ashes" which is apparently the 6th book in this series. I didn't realize I was buying a book as part of a series, which was my mistake. Still, I tried to read it and didn't get very far for obvious reasons.Since I enjoy long series I decided that I'd go back and start from the first book. I tried and tried to make it through. My second mistake was hoping this would be even sort of like A Song of Ice and Fire or Erikson's Malazan books. Not even close. My main problem is that a big part of enjoying a book is that the characters act realistically. I cannot get over how apathetic the main character seems to act towards the fact that she has traveled 200 years back in time. It's like something that happens every day to her. I expect panic. I expect her to be terrified, not for 5 minutes, but for every second until she figures out how to get back to her own time.On top of that, this book is BORING. Nothing happens. She doctors people, she eats meals, she talks to some people....that's it. I made it to page 265. I stopped two times before that, not wanting to admit to myself that I'd wasted money not only on this book but on its 5th sequel, which I'll never read. But at page 265, after she's wed and bedded a stranger from 200 years previous, that was enough for me. At that point I wondered, ok I've read 265 pages, when does the story start? I still didn't have a clue what the actual story of this book was. There is no meat. There is no conflict (yet). She doesn't seem to care too much about getting back to her own time so I don't either.I also don't like the author's tone. She goes out of her way to make her heroin "witty" and it just comes off as corny. People don't talk like this!Despite all this, I do care enough to wonder if she ever makes it back to her own time, if she's eventually able to travel back and forth between two different times, etc. There's all sorts of potential. Obviously a ton of people like it. I guess it's just not for me.
Although I thoroughly enjoyed all of other books in the series (I read them in order), I literally suffered through this one because of all the boring, rambling details.  Hopefully, A Breath of Snow and Ashes will be better.
Because, despite all the critical pans, people are actually still attempting to buy this book, maybe one more bad review will tip the opinion of the unwary toward spending their valuable money elsewhere.This is a painfully slow, poorly edited first book.  It contains a jumble of themes, ranging from life at Princeton, to parental relations, to a boring romance between emotionally uninvolved, uninteresting people, set against the backdrop of an investigation into a Renaissance book no one has ever heard, or cared about.  Individually, each of these themes may have been worth exploring at modest length, but combined, they do not blend at all.  Steak, chocolate cake and tuna salad may all be good foods, but I would not combine them in one sandwich.  The characters are two dimensional and/or stereotypes, such as the Cole Porter urban sophisticate and the big jolly African American with a heart of gold.The best and worst thing that could have happened to this book is the repeated comparison to The Da Vinci Code, which it resembles just like the actress who played Ginger in the Gilligan's Island reunion movies looked like the original Ginger --  maybe if you squint your eyes until they are almost closed, and look from a great, great distance is there a likeness.  The Da Vinci comparison is great for the wallets of the authors and publishers because it roped hundreds of thousands of people in to buy this crap, who would have otherwise ignored it.  The negative of this is, of course, that almost all of these readers will be disappointed, like I was.  This is not a suspense or adventure novel, as the advertisements claim, nor was it meant to be, nor is it meant to be like The Name of the Rose -- at best it is a very faint Eco of that book.Perhaps if you come try to read this book without any expectations, you might rank it higher, but everyone else will and should be disappointed.
First of all, almost half the material in this book is right out of Paul Fussell's "Class..." and the author even quotes straight out of this book. I hope he got a nice chunk from the sales!I recommend MOST of the advice given in this book to novices who are of the working class or those who have never read Paul Fussell's book. However, being someone who has lived around old moneyed folks most of my life, I can tell you there are some advices in this book that is just wrong. For example: Cartier tank watchs are a must for old money, capri pants and anything shiny is out and cufflinks are pretentious. All wrong. In Palm Beach, capris are on every woman out for a casual walk, shopping, etc. especially in that shiny silk material most quality neckties are made of. Cartiers are definitely nouveau, whynot recommend a Rolex! Lastly, cufflinks on Frech shirts are worn by most preppies turned attorney/banker in New York - not everyone can pull this off, ONLY those gents who gone to the right schools and belong to the right clubs and speak properly.This is a cute book, nice attempt and has some sage advice. HOwever, take the advice in this book with a grain of salt. Please note the author did not grow up among the upper class, she just dated someone who was and read Paul Fussell's book.
I bought the book because Nicholas Taleb gave it five stars. He is a thoughtful guy so I thought the book would be worth-wile reading. Maybe Taleb hates exercise and want to get fit. Maybe Taleb likes that the authors are discussing Taleb in the book. I don't know.The claim that one can be fit with an hour of training a month is a very strong claim. The author back it up with what looks and feels like a textbook. They go into great detail about physiology, probably much more than you would like. The message of the book is basically that you should push your muscles to the maximum. How do I feel after reading the book? Well, if the author's claim is true, most other people are wrong. I am not a medical scientist so I cannot really assess the multiple chapters on human physiology. In the end, what I personally find very annoying with the book (except the textbook format) is that the authors do not explain why most other people are wrong. That is really the missing section that would have strengthened the authors' argument had it been included. So I conclude that the authors have picked scientific evidence that supports their claim and that they are over-promising when stating that one hour a month is sufficient.To conclude:- Interesting claim, the truth-value of which I still cannot assess after reading the book.- Annoying textbook format with far too many pages. An article turned into a book.I still give the book two stars because the authors could be onto something.
When I was finished with this book I threw it across the room.  In real life people going through a divorce do not just happen upon their moving man being a guy with a physics degree from MIT who is a philospher and the obvious love of their life.And of course the ex-husband comes crawling back just when our heroine has moved on to bigger and better things!If this is supposed to be how real people handle divorce or experience their family falling apart, it's just not that easy folks.  Ugh!
Very Disappointed,Harris did not live up to his standards.  I expected a scary, on edge of seat, page turner.  Had to plod along just hoping it would improve.  Never did, ending was very unreal, seems left it open so  he could jot off another. I liked Hannibal Lector when he was not the main  character, he should have stayed as a bit player, would be reluctant to  purchase a Hannibal IV.
I have loved Ruth Rendell (and Barbara Vine) for years.  This book, however, is a total bore--too many characters with unpronounceable names, no discernible plot. and utterly confusing.  I have not finished the book and probably won't.  Just isn't worth my time.  I will not buy another Rendell!
This Schaum's outline really disappoints me. First of all, it doesn't even come close to the typical Schaum's formula - some theory, some worked examples, some exercises with solutions, some additional unsolved exercises. I would expect some deviation from the formula on a Schaum's outline that is about a programming language, but the biggest problem in this outline is the complete absence of programming exercises. It is impossible to know if you understand a programming language if you cannot come up with a program that works yourself. Also, the instruction part of the Schaum's is not detailed enough to really "get" the material. Especially flimsy is any material on event handling in Java. This is tricky material to explain to a Java newbie, but it is essential, since otherwise a user really has no way to interact with a Java program. I suggest if you want to learn Java that you pick up either "Head First Java" or "Core Java", and skip this outline completely. I give it two stars only because, even though I found a few errors in the code here and there, there is nothing really wrong with the facts given or the examples presented, even though they are not helpful to the end task of learning Java.
Harris is a talented writer, no doubt. He writes with conviction and his subjects, numerous and varied, are exhaustively researched to a fault. However, what made Silence of the Lambs so good -- the interaction between intriguing characters and griping pace -- is lost in Hannibal.When I picked this book up, I wanted more of one of my favorite antagonists of all time: Hannibal Lecter. Instead, he got lost in lengthy narrative and characters I just didn't care about. So much of the first half follows Pazzi and Carlo attempting to apprehend Hannibal when I want to be inside Hannibal's head.There are flashes of the magic that made Silence of the Lambs so compelling, but it gets diluted with so many unnecessary subplots and Harris's tendency to write exhausting details about scenes and subjects. The only new character that felt up to the task was the main antagonist, Mason. But, again, he seemed to get lost in a novel that overreaches.I suppose I was disappointed more by my expectations than Harris's ability to write.
The bipolar opinions of this book reflects a chasm between experienced programmers and everyone else. For those with years of programming, the Deitel text is probably God's gift. For everyone else, Satan couldn't  design a better torment for all who have lost hope in figuring out what  programming entails.As a student in a Java course, I found this text  inaccessible. There is no introductory chapter that goes into the  fundamentals of programming: the importance of initialization, why values  must be declared and how they are done so, the rationale behind  subroutines, the principles of developing them, and why they need to appear  in a certain order. The chapters do not get to the point of each topic.  Instead, they but bombard the reader with technical verbiage: The rule  seems to be to avoid ten-cent words where fifty-dollar ones will do. The  Deitels are to Java programming what Parsons is to sociology--verbose and  evading whatever point is to be made.It seems that these problems are  common to most so-called introductory books to programming. The sneer of  one reviewer about those who found the text inaccessible reflects the  elitist--and unprofessional--attitude of all too many programmers toward  beginners and nonspecialists alike.Programming is a useful tool and  needs to be learned by many who are not specialists in the field. At the  same time, there are too few programmers who know how to teach. The Deitel  text reflects this lack.
I'd read this book in the early 90s when it first came out and I had the same reaction now as I did then: it's just not believable. In order for me to accept that she adapted so quickly to conditions in the 1700s I had to constantly remind myself that Claire came from war-torn 1945 and not the latter half of the 20th century. The fact that I constantly had to do that really took away from the story flow and made it difficult for me to finish reading it. Gabaldon would have done far better with this book if she had written first about 1940s male-female relationships and the war time conditions Claire faced before her time travel back 200 years. Or, at least, inserted a few "flashbacks" (flashforwards?) or correlations to both time periods.Here we have a woman from the 1940s who is displaced to the 1700s. Men and women's roles and relationships haven't changed THAT much in the space of those 200 years, so why on earth doesn't she cook? Or sew? Cooking, sewing and all sorts of domestic chores were, in both time periods, the responsibility of the women, not the men, so why is she exempt from all this? I would have had an easier time swallowing the story if she had been required to act as a women from that time period should have, rather than an unexplained visitor from the future.I, also, did not care much for the beatings as her reactions to them did not jive with her free-spirit, free-thinking and independent character. And, yes, they WERE beatings. I grew up in the 60s and felt my father's belt on my derriere more than a few times. I know what it feels like to be spanked with a belt and how long it takes before you can sit down, sleep comfortably and ride a horse. Claire was BEATEN, not spanked. I also did not care much for the fact that Jamie *enjoyed* beating her. If I want to read S&M; I'll buy an adult sex book, thank-you very much.Ah, and speaking of sex, once I got to the middle of the book, that's about all there was to it -- SEX! She was either being kidnapped/captured/almost raped or having sex with Jamie. I got so bogged down in the "same old, same old" that it put me to sleep.I highly doubt I will read any of the other books in the series.
This book, set in Paris in late December follows a hobo named Armand, who's gruff on the outside, but reveals his inner warmth when he finds a newly homeless family living under &quot;his&quot; bridge.  While this book does have many good points, this isn't a book I would recommend.  The story would be very entertaining to a fifth grader but the vocabulary skills and difficulty understanding Paris or gypsies would frustrate a reader in this age group.  A sixth grader, however, would more easily comprehend the vocabulary (I admit that I didn't know many of the words and had to guess at their meaning in context--and I don't consider my vocabulary skills poor by any means) and cultural situations but they would be bored by the simplistic story.  In all, I would not recommend it not because it is a bad book, but because I think there are better choices out there.
Here we go again, for some reason there never ceases to be an audience for worn out Cold War revisionism. Whats in this book is a fairly old shtick: The entire Cold War could have been avoided had the United States cooperated with Stalin, who was a reasonable and peaceful man, and the entire premise for the conflict was created by paranoid reactionaries in the United States. You could argue that this sort of pseudo scholarship may have been defensible 25 years ago, but since the fall of the Soviet empire the sheer volume of documentary evidence that completely debunks this nonsense could fill several warehouses.Some examples of the more preposterous and easily debunked claims in the book: Had the US been nicer to Stalin in the 1930's (during the height of pruges), he never would have allied with Hitler, which was only done so the Soviets could prepare for the inevitable German invasion. Left out is the fact that the Soviets signed an extensive commercial agreement as part of the Molotov-Ribbentrop which helped the Germans evade the Allied blockade for 18 crucial months. The Soviet Union fought the Germans by themselves until Normandy. Left out are the African campaigns, Sicily, Italy and the air war over Europe. Stalin and North Korea invaded the south ONLY to prevent an invasion from the South. The Marshall Plan was nothing more than a deliberate provocation designed to enflame the Soviets and the Berlin Wall was actually a good thing and done for the best interests of peace.The book along with the documentary is full of this kind of material, but for all the "new looks" Stone and Kuznik give to established conventional historic wisdom, they still cant seem to stray very far from the left wing dogma on Hiroshima and Nagasaki which states that the bombs were unnecessary, the Japanese were looking to surrender, the war would be over in weeks without their use and the only reason they were used was to intimidate the Soviets. One of the most comprehensive books on the subject, "Japan's Longest Day", written by Japanese's historians using archive material and interviews with survivors, explains why the bombs were necessary. The Japanese cabinet alone had the power to surrender and the decision had to be unanimous. The hawks of the cabinet, Army Minister General Anami, Army Chief of Staff General Umezu andNavy Chief of Staff Admiral Toyoda knew that the Potsdam declaration would allow them to keep their emperor and they also understood that victory over the US was impossible. The hawks believed that the Soviet entrance into the war, along with a costly guerilla campaign on the main islands, would force the US to offer terms more to their liking including possession of some overseas colonies and leaving the political structure they had become accustomed to intact. Although the emperor could have imposed his will on the hawks, he knew it would mean a military coup and his imprisonment. The hawks had no intention of stopping the war and their troops were fanatical .. a fact often left unmentioned. The atomic bombings decimated the hawks plans of a long term bloody guerilla war on the mainland because that forced them to acknowledge the reality that America didn't have to lose one soldier to annihilate the island.  I say bombings, because right after Hiroshima General Anami still refused to concede defeat arguing that America only had one weapon and wouldn't/couldn't use another. The bombing was directly responsible for Anami, Umezu, and Toyoda coming to table and endorsing surrender along the terms laid out in the Potsdam declaration.If there were a zero star option, I'd give it.
Murakami's prose style involves constant name-dropping. It's like a nervous tic. In the very first sentence, the protagonist can't just listen to music, he has to listen to "the overture to Rossini's 'The Thieving Magpie,' which has to be the perfect music for cooking pasta." (1) Nutmeg smokes Virginia Slims, not just cigarettes. The owner of a cleaning shop doesn't just own a boom-box, he owns a JVC boom-box. "It suddenly occurred to me that true believers in hard-driving jazz -- Albert Ayler, Don Cherry, Cecil Taylor -- could never become owners of cleaning shops" (81-82). It reminds one of Dostoevsky'sKarmazinov: "Some wood-nymph played in the bushes. Gluck played the violin among the reeds. The title of the piece he was playing was given in full, but no one knew it, so that one would have to look it up in a musical dictionary."I think the point was to try to make the setting more realistic, so when the fantastical elements take over, they somehow seem more believable. It is a cheap way to create realism, but, to be fair, there are fewer nervous tics in the second half of the book. The historical flashbacks in particular are much more gracefully written, with many elegant descriptions.No, Murakami is no mere hack. His depiction of the protagonist's marriage, in the first half of the book, is a good piece of work. It is derivative ofKawabata(Kumiko's long letter is clearly inspired by Fumiko's long letters inThousand Cranes) andSoseki, but the imitation is good. Murakami perceptively shows a seemingly comfortable relationship where there is a low-key contentment, but also a palpable aloofness. The eventual breakdown is not obvious, but still emerges convincingly from these uneasy cracks.The second half of the book (after the episode with the well) devolves into a series of fantastical vignettes, sometimes unintentionally funny. Murakami fetishizes computers in the way of someone who isn't too familiar with them -- he describes what is essentially an instant-messaging exchange, but in a ridiculously grave and awed way. But that isn't the main problem. Murakami's eventual resolution to the protagonist's marital troubles is some fanciful thing involving lucid dreams and grave pronouncements about "defilement." Essentially, it is a huge pile of details and plot devices designed solely to avoid saying anything truly resonant about marriage and reconciliation.Here's an example. The protagonist has a flashback to a time when his wife became pregnant, then went in for an abortion while he was away on a business trip. The protagonist mopes around Hokkaido, and there is a sense of genuine sadness. This is one of the best scenes in the book. The wife has certain feelings about it that she cannot express, and this drives a wedge between them. Very perceptive. But eventually, we learn the thing that she had wanted to express, and it is absolute nonsense. The simple fact is that Murakami had no idea what to say here, how to tie up this loose thread in a meaningful way.There are several flashbacks to World War II, full of melancholy fatalism and vivid imagery. But the subtext is hardly poetic. Murakami's take on the war is earnestly liberal on the surface (all the Japanese soldiers express doubts about their cause), and yet, very carefully guards Japan's role in the war. Occasionally he makes telling slip-ups. The second "zoo massacre" chapter has the following statement, after the soldiers decide not toshoot the elephants: "The Chinese workers may have regretted the omission -- they had missed out on a lot of meat and ivory." (508) See, the soldiers are occupiers, but at least they feel sad. It's not their fault, see, it's all the fault of the government. This abstract, faceless government was bad, but these soldiers, see, they are sophisticated enough to feel pity for the poor animals -- unlike the locals, who are just out for some elephant meat. And the poor refined soldiers are doomed, anyway, so you can't possibly blame them for their actions, see.Murakami really wants to convince you that everyone else was much worse. Lieutenant Mamiya describes an encounter with a Soviet officer; the officer is cruel, but appears to exhibit a rueful understanding of his own cruelty, and a distaste for pointless killing. Later, the officer appears again, only now he's a grotesque comic-book villain, slaughtering countless people without remorse. Now Mamiya can exonerate himself: "I knew very well the bloody history of oppression...carried out by Stalin... Even if I had believed in the communist ideology, I could no longer believe in the people or the system that was responsible for putting that ideology and those principles into practice." (539) Murakami coyly adds a single sentence, "I felt the same way about what we Japanese had done in Manchuria," with few specifics; having performed this token act of contrition, he is free to spend the rest of the chapter on the evils of "Boris," piling on tons of horrific detail. A typically nasty little touch: when Murakami describes a Russian prison guard, the guard is illiterate -- of course, he's not at all like those sensitive, sophisticated Japanese soldiers who felt bad about their sins, which weren't really even their fault to begin with.The war is not the central theme of the book. In fact, it is eventually shoved aside with no resolution, like so many of the side plots. (For instance, Murakami never resolves the mystery of Nutmeg's husband.) The protagonist's connection to Nutmeg's father is never developed. At some point, Murakami hints that the evil of Noboru Wataya (the main villain) is somehow derived from the war, but this is never developed either. Perhaps one shouldn't dwell on it too much, but it is a reminder that one should not be too credulous toward Murakami's engaging style.
the stories are definately meant to shock the west and make money from it...there's no compassion  in the compassionate attempt she makes in writing these..the writing is below standard.
Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim, published in 1901, is considered a classic tale of adventure and a seminal precursor to the modern spy novel. It even makes frequent appearances on top 100 lists of the best books ever written in the English language. Such high praise creates high expectations, and this novel didn't even come close to living up to them. Though obviously penned by a highly skilled wordsmith, the novel offers neither enough adventure nor enough espionage to satisfy on either front. It does provide a detailed depiction of India worthy of a vintage issue of National Geographic, but one that is needlessly verbose and unfortunately dull.Kim is a white boy in India, the orphaned son of a poor Irish soldier. He lives on the streets of Lahore, jovially scraping by as a beggar and errand boy. When a Buddhist Lama from Tibet comes to town, Kim volunteers to accompany him on his journey to find a mystical river of healing. Along the way, he is recruited to practice espionage on behalf of the British government, and becomes a participant in "The Great Game"--the contest between Britain and Russia for dominance in central Asia.The chronicling of Kim's travels and training allows Kipling the opportunity to present a vivid panorama of India in the late 19th century. Kipling, who was born in India, obviously has a great love for the land of his birth and proves himself quite knowledgeable on the richness and diversity of Indian culture. There is an overall comical tone to the book, however, that leaves a bit of an aftertaste of imperial condescension. The narrative is populated by a myriad of characters, and each one is indeed a character. While Kipling displays a comprehensive ethnographic understanding of everyone's races and creeds, he often depicts their beliefs and practices in so quaint and picturesque a manner that he seems to be making fun of them. What's worse, he's far more interested in the personal quirks of his characters than in the parts they play in advancing the story. He heaps on so much local color that it's detrimental to the plot. Every conversation in the book is four times longer than it needs to be. When Kim comes to a figurative fork in the road, the reader knows immediately which way he's going to turn, but must read through a half hour's worth of deliberations peppered with proverbs, prayers, and song. One finds himself wishing Kipling would just "get to the yolk of the egg," as Kim so aptly puts it. The instances of espionage in the book are not the least bit intricate and are far from exciting. With so much talk going on, it takes over half a chapter just to don a disguise.As a reviewer, I take no pride or pleasure in taking shots at sacred cows (no pun intended). I have nothing against Kipling in particular--I did enjoy the Jungle Books--but here he's guilty of overindulgent description at the expense of good storytelling. Readers who don't care for that sort of thing probably won't like this book, and can consider themselves warned. Should you choose to tackle Kim, prepare yourself for way too many adjectives and not nearly enough verbs.
What does its title really mean, and its content truly spell out?By holding out a very publicly advertised and spurious notion of a 'Pure' market that can only be pretexted as an ideal, it seeks to make allowances for any and all grave mis-operations that have occurred. Taken beyond the level of plain unacknowledged errors in judgment, it extends the 'oversight' into any and all foreseeable future(s) as the shirking of responsibility conveniently ascribed to any form of governance or due transparency. As a blanket resort too, flipped but now covering (up) the most egregious lapses within its own sector in the process - and thereby delimiting an avenue for which all fault can be apportioned outside its "industry" and [their] own operations - indefinitely. A sneaky hiding "in plain oversight" maneuver more worthy of a tawdry trick in qualitative analysis.If a free market were the goal, it would have made sure its own actions - at all times - had run no risk of steering policy in the other direction, especially when working with whatever resources it could get its hands on, no matter the context or its principles in often unsaid connections - such as they are - seemingly held near-exclusively as a fault-line so that it can then turn and blame a known 'enemy', or stipulate funds or policy as 'immoral' to start with when necessary, as a perpetuating externalized delimiter (and ready excuse accordingly) while postulating absolute knowledge, personal responsibility and as its self styled (but not truly wanted nor always taken, let alone 'take-able' and altogether actually imaginary) "Cure" pill - more important and vital (or "real") in cover image only. Literally, and putting forward extreme and unlikely fixes with the other hand that share the one common factor in having virtually no chance of implementation - in any real terms. Then - no matter how often - simply (and vainly) use it as a declaration of intent - more 'usefully' implying nothing else is possible in a faulted system - whenever so needed - as the ultimate table-turn.It's not (in) what it seems, and knows it, so needs those of its readership (not so initiated) to believe in the attempt/s to cast itself as not only synonymous with the world economy, but as actually being the voice of the "only hope" of a free one - using Rand's thin worn "Rationality!" cloak - (and dagger) - as a by-productive use of the ONLY possible inverse function that it could have chosen in a forever-put-off passage to any real onus to "work" and workability (pretending to be desired as the ever far-off ideal) knowing it's less likely every year - by its own actions to boot - adding a phantom kick now, out of field and over the crowd in sheer non-functional impossibility by any credible projection, but as the necessary cry of accusation as one of ready-spun "mis-use" or "foul" - disguising its own fraudulent 'play' mind you - and as its 'real' kicker - one that's out for a perceived score of a different and far more immediate 'result' or 'end' entirely.All wrapped, or packaged into the same (old) bundle, albeit with excess handling in Allison's case, and some degree of necessarily utilized and easily brand(ish)ed "force" made up by another 'originally' and 'good' until 'the (proverbial) end of time'? It's certainly meant to look that way. As a very "usefully" (held up) vain hope? - Indeed.A ploy to distract the attentions of the audience from where (how, and in what) its focus may really lie - while protracting and making use of a pre-captivated following in the process.
I picked up the book because I was told part of the series takes place near New Bern, NC, with which I'm familiar.  The book started out promising enough.  The writing was smooth and the characters engaging.  In the end though, it was tedious, and the spanking, whipping, buggering, public nakedness, etc. was too much for my tastes.  It basically turned into literary pornography.  If it had been a paper book, the pages would have been stuck together.
I wasn't too impressed with this book. I did like her 92 secrets and felt this book just fell short. It's not a bad book; but not a really good read.
Although Phelps chapters on the nature of bipolar spectrum disorders are excellent,the wheels come of his book when discussing treatment. Phelps although not a researcher receives pharmaceutical company payoffs due to his well-known website. He raves about Zyprexa which has never been shown to have any mood stabilizing effects except in studies by it's manufacturer Eli Lily. How anyone who knows anything about research can accept drug studies influenced or done by the manufacturer of that drug, is clearly dishonest or doesn't have a clue about research.It's akin to having someone on trial after committing a felony paying off the judge and jury then claiming they were acquitted by an "impartial" jury. He makes numerous factually incorrect statements include absurdly claiming Zyprexa has "substantial antidepressant effects". He is obviously just another shill for the pharmaceutical industry which has ruined the healthcare received in the US in their incredibly unethical quest for ever increasing profits. If there was real justice some pharmaceutical company top executives would be behind bars such as those who worked for Merck when they,despite 38,000 deaths attributed to their "wonder drug" Vioxx refused to take it off the market. There is no industry which has caused more harm to people overall than the pharmaceutical industry.
Not my kinda textbook.  In talking to my instructor, it seems that this book is the gold standard for intro finance texts, and if that's the case, it's too bad.  I didn't feel I learned much from it.  Almost zero worked problems within the chapters, yet they toss you into the deep end at the end of the chapter with the problem sets.Personally, I learn a lot by studying and working through examples and seeing worked-problem solutions.  They provide some example problemshere and there but they're usually on the order of "you should check our answers for practice."  Well, what if your answers are wrong?!  I should add, the supplemental materials of the text are not very helpful (powerpoint slides/lecture outlines.)  Just read the text, work whatever assigned problems your instructor gives you, and hope for the best on the tests.  Thankfully our professor just gave multiple choice open-book tests so everyone got an A or B on every test.It is a pretty basic text.  The authors explain things ok usually, but their writing style is borderline archaic and they often take the long route in explaining important concepts.  Their discussion of bond pricing and TVM (time value of money) needs improvement.  They also refer to Sarbanes-Oxley as "Sarbox" - nobody else calls it anything except SOX.  I took Intermediate Accounting before I took Finance, and we used the Kieso, et al. textbook, which was pretty darned difficult but better than this text as far as explanations of TVM and other topics.I am alarmed to see that a new copy of this book sold for over $200.  It has over 20 chapters but they are all short and the information within this book is definitely not worth such a high pricetag.  Actually, I rented this book for the course because the cost was far more than I was willing to pay.
I was GREATLY disappointed, for the following reasons:1) Most of the hacks in this book are lame. (Sorry, a board game using Lego pieces does NOT count as a hack).2) There's very little in this book about the Mindstorms NXT. The first 79 pages of the book don't address the NXT at all, and the rest of the book only addresses the NXT tangentially, in most cases using only five or six NXT parts to build the hack. (Some hacks don't use NXT parts at all).3) The book seems to have had a "first-to-market" strategy, in order to make a quick buck and to take advantage of the interest surrounding the NXT.Rock-bottom message: it's a slapdash, hodgepodge assortment of stuff that will not advance your knowledge of the NXT one iota.Save your cash and get another book.
Open House was one of the most tiresome novels I have read in recent memory.  The protagonist has lived a privileged life, and upon the demise of her marriage decides to soothe her pain through the purchase of jewelry and fine china.  When her soon to be ex-husband mandates a stricter budget, our heroine decides that she must become independent of this unreasonable ogre.  She hasn't worked in her adult life, and takes in boarders and takes on sub-standard jobs to survive.  How can we feel sympathy for a woman who whines incessantly and who creates the very problems in which she finds herself?...
I have actually heard more than one person say that "The Sun Also Rises" is their favorite book.  I have no idea why they would say that.  Maybe I just didn't "get it."The novel revolves around five English-speaking expatriates who spend their time drinking and carousing their way from Paris to a festival in Pamplona.  The four men in the group are all in love with the one woman to some extent.  And the woman has affection of some type for each of the men.There is some humorous drunken dialogue from time to time.  There are some good descriptions of bullfighting and trout fishing .  Beyond that, there is not much to recommend "The Sun Also Rises."There is very little story to be told.  The book reads like the travel journal of a lovesick person that has been translated from another language into English.  Perhaps it just hasn't aged as well as some of Hemingway's other work.  "The Sun Also Rises" was lost on me.
In my opinion, not his best, sort of a middling tale with characters whose actions led me to not have a willing suspension of disbelief, especially the older daughter's behaviour.
It is clear Mr. O'Neil is extremely good at selling books and newspapers giving advice about outperforming the market.But does his advice actually work? I have had trouble finding any solid evidence. Fidelity has a fund that it says implements the CAN SLIM system -- it's record since inception (8 years) is below the market. But, to be fair, it underperformed by less than its fees. So, maybe if you are willing to put in a lot of time and can trade very well (this strategy entails a lot of trading of stocks that are not very liquid) you can outpeform.AAII has tried running screens based on CAN SLIM and measuring performance. It suggests that the 2nd edition worked well but that the 3rd edition did serious damage. And the performance does not include trading costs which would be quite high given the turnover and that the stocks involved are often not that liquid. Not enough time has passed to have a record based on this 4th edition.This might be the most expensive book you ever purchase.
This book has been no use for us as the chapters do not correspond with textbook. Has anyone else had this problem?
THE COMPLETE RIGGER'S APPRENTICE by Mr. Brion Toss is a no-brainer simple compilation of standard rigging technique.  Most of which can be found by reading past editions of old rigging manuals and from the writings of the International Guild of Knot Tyers, or from company product manuals.  Nothing new or original has been done in this work; and the 'Compilation' of any subject matter has always been considered a cheap way of getting published.
Theodore Dreiser is considered to be the leading American practitioner of Naturalism--which consists of writing about sex and violence in the lower classes in order to reveal what I gather were supposed to be shattering truths about the bleak aspects of modern industrial urban life.  To that end, Sister Carrie tells the story of a pretty small town girl who uses her feminine wiles to sleep her way from the factories and saloons of Chicago to the New York stage.  Along the way, the tavern owning married man who stole to fund their escape to Chicago, kills himself after being abandoned by Carrie and ending up in Bowery flophouses.  Meanwhile, An American Tragedy tells the story, based on a sensational true crime, of a young man who is working his way towards the American dream and refuses to let a pregnant former girlfriend stand in the way of his chance for romance with a wealthy woman.  He takes the slattern out in a boat &amp; clobbers her, but is tried and executed for the crime.It is an open secret that even critics who admire Dreiser, consider him to be a horrible writer technically.  American Tragedy has been called &quot;the worst-written great novel in the world&quot; and the otherwise loathsome Garrison Keillor has an amusing column about how bad he finds Sister Carrie on rereading it.  His books have all the literary grace of the phone book.Thus, his reputation rests solely on the agreement of Left wing critics with his hatred of American capitalism.  Well, 100 years on, I think we can safely say that the American system has served us pretty well and the Sister Carrie's of the world are not simply insignificant but, worse for a writer, uninteresting.GRADE: F
I was so excited when I saw this book was available on the Kindle and for such a low price!  Thank goodness I downloaded the sample first.  I was confused from the first line:"Introduction Woman as Other FOR a long time I have hesitated to write a book on woman."It took me a while to figure out it should have read:"IntroductionWoman as OtherFor a long time ..."I was turned off already.  But I went a few more pages and found more errors.  "Tou think thus and so because you are a woman."  Is that "You" or "To"??I can't purchase this book if this is how it will be throughout.  Who knows what other errors there are.  As another reviewer stated, it looks like the text was scanned in and not even edited.  I've read other Kindle books and they were of much better quality.  I'm so disappointed.
I found the book densely written, overly long with interminable descriptions of minutia about a sorry lot of characters.  The characters  come across as cartoons living in a cartoon world.  The author's purpose was not clear and the book left me with the feeling that he was only trying to convey loneliness, futility and despair.  The reader would need to be of like mind to enjoy it.
Yes, maybe I was expecting something different from Hard Case. I devoured the previous books in the series and enjoyed most of them. But this one stopped me dead in my tracks. It was well-written, no doubt about that. The author has a way with words. But as far as plot goes.. Cliche after cliche. *spoiler* (and as if by the first chapter, after we are told about his dog, we aren't supposed to EXPECT him to sacrifice someone at the end? come on..). *end of spoiler* It was a real chore to get through this book. When I want high literature, I want a layered plot with atypical characters and situations. This book, however, had a plot right out of a Europe-based crime movie complete with idiot foreign gangsters. I probably could have dealt with the cliche plot if the narrator didn't just go ON and ON about philosophy and about film theory (though the chicken thing was interesting, I'll admit) and film editing. Very tedious. Boring. If I wasn't collecting every Hard Case Crime book, I'd through this one right in the trash. I also think HCC was stretching it by releasing it under their name.. This was a mild crime novel that was mostly about friendship and love (not a thriller as the cover blurb says).So yeah, if you enjoyed the other Hard Case Titles, just skip this and get any of the previous ones. You've been warned.
When a book lacks tension and features extensive quoting, it's bound to be boring. This book is boring, and the main reason is that it lacks a narrative thread, other than "been there, saw somebody, told me a long and winding story about somebody who was here some day". All trips are inner trips, but in this case I would say Chatwin looked inside himself, found not a lot, and decided instead to cut and paste from old stories from down south.
This book first appeared in the UK (and that's important to know) back in 1997. This is supposed to be a 2011 updated edition, but it's not very updated. Do you want to know about CRTs, J-K flip-flops, and PAL television standards? You're in business. Do you want to know about HD Radio, or ATSC (the current US digital TV standard)? Forget about it.I swear some of the diagrams look like they came from the 1940s. For computer design there's a "block diagram for an 8-bit computer, typical of types produced in the mid-1980s". That's a quote. But, we're told, it's good enough.The book is very UK-oriented, so there's a lot about the broadcast systems they use there, but not a whole lot about what we use in the US.And there are plenty of places where opinion passes as fact. Actually, the more I look at this book, the more it seems that opinion is far more common than fact.I can't recommend this book to anyone, unless you're in the UK, and you just suddenly developed an interest in antique electronics.
Although there were some humorous passages, overall this book was rather boring.  Lots of repetition, characters dopey and not very believable.
We read this book for our book club after reading The Paris Wife the month before.  I think Hemingway is much more of a man's writer plus all that prodigious drinking by all the characters really turned me off.
I have no complaints about the content, but the Kindle version of this book is horrible. The layout sucks, Figures are cut in the middle of the page, the formulas are hardly readable unless you zoom in and generally everything looks very cheap. I cannot believe that I paid $60 for that. How hard can it be to generate a good looking PDF-like file?
I didn't know what to expect downloading this book.  After reading it, I thought it was pretty lame.  At least it was free :)
I have a very straight forward personality. I know what is okay in the work place and what is not. I also believe that just because you may be the little person in a big corporate office doesn't mean you sit there and take whatever they may dish out to you. Also if you're the big wig doesn't mean you can be a jerk. I don't think you need a book on ethics and boundaries and plain old common sense.
Aphoristic cliches are all well and good, but not when they cost $20.  Fear not, thinking animals of the farm!  This book is only a number one bestseller because of it's corporate connections--it proudly lists 72 of them (AAA through Xerox) before the title page.  Reminds me of the George W. Bush campaign's $100,000 Pioneer donors being passed off as a groundswell of popular support--admit it, ninety percent of you read this book because your company made it required reading.I'm reassured that the head of my 25-person company gave it to his staff with some idea that he would be insulting their intelligence, but that the book would spark positive discussion anyway (last year's title was Ken Blanchard's RAVING FANS).  I just lament the $250 or more he must have spent on it.What about the message of this cute little hardbacked pamphlet?  Change happens, deal with it or starve, you silly mouse you.  Obviously Spencer Johnson has a nice franchise going for  himself.  Let's just be honest about who finances it.To use a better rodentine image, I quote Lily Tomlin: &quot;The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you are still a rat.&quot;  What are we America?  I wasn't insulted by this book, but it did make me wonder about the answer to that question.
Our sister-in-law is a speech therapist and introduced us to the idea of signing with our kids. We signed with our kids and I'll agree that signing is very helpful. Instead of getting frustrated when they don't want to eat anymore and throwing their bowls off the high-chair, they can sign "all done." They can also communicate when they're tired and want a nap.However, this book spends a great deal of time and space to say:"Communicating earlier with your child is helpful."I have to wonder at the utility of a book that lists "Hippo"as one of it's words, but not "Mommy", "Daddy", "Brother", "Sister" or for that matter,"Poopy-Diaper."
As another reviewer said, we are not incredibly conservative or anything.  But I'd like to keep my three-year-old's innocence going as long as possible.  I threw this book away after reading it just once, since the main character just picks fights with everyone.  Why would I even want to introduce the notion of fighting to my son?? This is not a good children's book.
This is a review of BURY MY HEART AT WOUNDED KNEE: AN INDIAN HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN WEST, by Dee Brown.  This book was first published in 1970 by Hold Rinehart and Winston of New York.  Mine is the hard bound edition, second printing which came out in February 1971.  This is a long book running 487 pages including end notes, bibliography and an index.  The book is well illustrated by black and white photographs and drawings and it's attractively bound.  I've been carrying my copy around since 1971 and it's held up well.This is a book which also has some historical significance.  It was on the "best sellers" list during the early 1970s and, according to some sources, helped inspire the American Indian Movement (AIM) to occupy the small village of Wounded Knee on the Pine Ridge Sioux Reservation southeast of Rapid City, South Dakota, early in 1973.  The anti-Vietnam protest movement was winding down in the cities and college campuses across the US as "Vietnamization" went forward and American combat forces were withdrawn.  A lot of those protesters gravitated toward AIM, especially when it "occupied" Wounded Knee triggering the largest Special Weapons And Tactical (SWAT) operation in American history.Dee Brown, the author, had no way of anticipating AIM's occupation nor am I trying to suggest otherwise.  Brown was an experienced writer, mostly of novels.  He was not, however, educated as an historian.  His graduate degree was in Library Science and he was a librarian at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign campus.  He also served in a number of other roles including that of a reader for the University of North Carolina Press.Historian Lawrence C. Kelly reported in the September 1971 issue of the JOURNAL OF AMERICAN HISTORY (Vol. LVIII, No. 2,  pp. 560-564) that he'd submitted a manuscript to the University of North Carolina Press for publication and then noticed long portions of his manuscript in BURY MY HEART AT WOUNDED KNEE.  He accused Dee Brown of using them without permission and without attribution in addition to transposing details for dramatic effect.  There was a settlement and the next printing (which I have) does include a footnote crediting Kelly and his book (published as NAVAJO ROUNDUP in 1964 by Westernlore Press, on page 451, note 8.Despite Dee Brown's skills as a writer, I consider his book unreliable.  Dee Brown wasn't an Indian and his book doesn't deserve to be considered "history", let alone "an Indian History of the American West."  That's why I gave BURY MY HEART AT WOUNDED KNEE only one star.  That's all it deserves in my opinion.
i was attracted to the premise of the book: a high flyer's tumble into insurmountable tragedy/ realizations catalyzed by one's impending mortality. but i was severely short-changed. this book gave me none of those things. it does not deserve to be called a memoir because i learnt nothing about the author's family, upbringing or reflections on his personal journey. the book was co-authored or ghost-written by a developmental editor hired by kpmg, the author's employer, which figures. this book should have been titled 'a salary man's forced retirement: a glossed corporate overview'. there are plenty other cancer journals and memoirs available for a lower price. this one does not enlighten at all, which is a pity.
David Foster Wallace classifies Updike with Roth and Mailer as one of the GANs, "Great American Narcissists," and anyone who has read Updike would tend to agree. Wallace's characterization of the man was not necessarily an insult, just a description, and Wallace generally approves of Updike. One can be an narcissist and also a great writer as well.I had wanted to read Updike, and a great place to start was the Rabbit trilogy. I must admit, I found parts of "Rabbit, Run" to be repulsive, but, in the end, I saw what the hoopla was about, especially considering Updike's skill with descriptive prose.I had high hopes for "Rabbit, Redux," but unfortunately I was disappointed. A classic is able to appeal to audiences of different eras and points to themes that are universal, part and parcel of the human condition. "Rabbit, Redux," was written during a very interesting and tumultuous period in America's history (think 1968), and one can see that it is the sort of novel that is inextricably linked to its time period. It features all of the typical concerns of the time period, such as Vietnam, a facination with drug culture, the tendency to do drugs and talk politics, but most especially the prevalance of racial tensions. There are even long descriptions of news reports of the time (the lunar landing, the Chicago riots), and a few side references to the Beatles.The dated racial attitudes prevalent in "Rabbit, Redux", I found to be the most off-putting aspect of the novel. It is as if Angstrom's white utopia of "Rabbit, Run" had been infiltrated by black people, and this created a sort of existential dilemma for Angstrom. He examines black people with the detached, "scientific" fascination of one who was obviously was raised in a very homogenous racial environment.The book also features the "apocolyptic" flavoring that was prevalent in the 1960s, the feeling that something big was "about-to-happen" that would change everything. In the middle of it all is 36 year old Harry Angstrom, who is not nearly as interesting as the twenty-something Angstrom of "Rabbit, Run." Everything Angstrom says is flavored by conservativism and cynicism, and it leads one to wonder why hipsters like Jill and Skeeter would spend any time with the man. Despite this, women seem to throw themselves at Angstrom, and there is a good deal of sexual description. In all, I would rather read the novel from Jill's perspective than from Harry's. Some like Kerouac rode the wave of the time period. Others just stood in the water and looked around.I can see why readers of the time period would have hailed Updike as the messiah of American literature. But, given the perspective of 40 years, one can say with certainty: Updike is a good writer, but "Rabbit Redux" is not a classic, and it is not as good as "Rabbit, Run." It's not as good as "On the Road" either, for that matter.
I had heard so many good things about this book, but it was such a disappointment!  The book was too long with too many absurd happenings that I found myself rolling my eyes and wanting to throw the book across the room. I do admit that there were some good parts, but overall I cannot bring myself to give it more than 2 stars.  The author came across as a homophobe, and the rape scene between the men was absolutely disgusting. Just thinking about that part alone, I am tempted to rate it 1 star! Overall....Do NOT recommend!!!!
This is a thoroughly nasty book. Not a celebration of Paris or anything else, but rather an attempt by an aging and embittered man to settle scores (imaginary and otherwise) against people no longer able to defend themselves.Take the chapter on Ford Madox Ford. Hemingway was well aware that Ford was the superior novelist, but rather than confront him on that level, he makes a point of mentioning Ford's horribly foul breath. The heroic ambulance driver fails to add that Ford's lungs were nearly destroyed in a gas attack while he was leading troops in the trenches. Very classy, particularly since Ford's injuries later killed him.Similarly, Hemingway bends over backwards to make it seem that something of Lovecraftian depravity was going on between Gertrude and Alice, while presenting no evidence whatsoever. You don't have to be a radfem or a Stein idolater either to find this obnoxious.And on it goes, one chapter after another, almost without relief. It's difficult to grasp what readers see in this thing. I can only surmise that they've been blinded by Hemingway's genius. Though in point of fact, there's little enough of that in evidence here. This book was written by the man who wrote so gloatingly of rotting "Kraut" corpses during World War II. If you want the artist who changed fiction writing so profoundly and permanently, you'll have to look to the early novels and collections.
Perfect Phrases for Documenting Employee Performance Problems provide terminology and limited guidance for writing employee performance evaluations.Perfect Phrases for Documenting Employee Performance Problems provides negative examples of terminology used to document and correct inadequate performance. While this book provides sound guidance on delivering evaluations, many of the proposed "perfect" phrases fail to indicate performance problems in an appropriate or constructive manner. The majority of the proposed phrases defy legal expectations, best practices, and even the advice provided in the book itself. Although it suggests providing concrete, specific examples of an actual behavior requiring correction, with clear steps to achieve improvement, phrases are frequently inappropriate for inclusion in a performance evaluation. For example, "Doesn't seem to really like people," "Evidently has low self-esteem," and "Will not admit to being depressed often" are of questionable suitability for a performance evaluation and appear to be almost completely subjective. In many instances, these unquantifiable phrases border on obnoxious and condescending, as indicated by "Does not know how to effectively brain storm, instead `brain drizzles'" and "Needs to take a class on delegating." Similarly, phrases often employ jargon and complex concepts that confuse the issue, such as, "Needs to read Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More than IQ and Working with Emotional Intelligence, both authored by Daniel Goleman" and "Is a Theory X worker." Finally, some leave no opportunity for improvement, are ambiguous, contradictory, and frequently appear wholly irrelevant, including "Has mismatched pieces of clothing," "Doesn't care that GED is the only educational credential he or she has," and "Cannot accept colors, fashions, trends, or styles outside the norm." While there are certainly a handful of applicable phrases, these "perfect" phrases are far from it and should be considered carefully before use.Perfect Phrases fails to provide meaningful suggestions, and its use will probably result in headaches and lawsuits. Skip Perfect Phrases, and instead consider Effective Phrases for Performance Appraisals, and select a performance review book to supplement the vocabulary with appropriate evaluation strategies.
I appear to be in a minority, but I thought this was awful.Basically, I didn't like any of the characters, but several other things prevented me from a) loving it, b) liking it or c) just finishing the damn thing. I hated the time-skipping device; it was like Doctor Who on speed and was confusing, ridiculous and a bit creepy (little girls, grown men, etc).Actually, I read it some time ago and can only remember the characters names were Clare and Harry (I think). I don't remember anything else happening. Considering I have a superb memory for detail, that just about sums up how memorable this novel was. I gave the book to a charity stall and felt bad about someone else picking it up in good faith. Still, at least Cancer Research is 99p better off.
This has got to be one of the silliest books I have read in a long time.  I borrowed the book from a lending library at the local YMCA, needing something light to read while my husband was taking a Tai Chi class.  The book reminds me of a scene in a film in which one of the characters is riding around in a limousine interviewing some celebrity for People Magazine.The writer was told to keep the piece short, because people read the magazine during bathroom breaks.The story is derivative of the Beltway sniper case, with a lot of unresolved loose ends thrown in for novelty.I have never read a book before that relied on "he looks like so and so actor" to avoid lengthy characterizations.  If Alex is really that good looking, he probably does not need a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins. He could just go to Hollywood and play a doctor on TV.The first person/third person narrative was confusing for a while until I realized that the "novel" was probably intended as a first draft for a movie script.Not wanting to spoil this for another reader, let me just say that the plot device the book relies on is insulting to us (and to Dr. Cross).
I was curious about this book when I noticed it on the self-help bestsellers list and also saw that it was written by a psychologist. I was eager to delve into it as the psychology of money is my specialty area and I am always looking for more material and research in that area.This book is not really about the psychology of wealth in that it does not address the material from the psychology knowledge base. That was a disappointment to me. I think that it's value lies primarily in its tone as a motivational document. I do think the benefit would be short-lived as it generally is with motivational speaking. The effect is temporary and people need to have the tapes, podcasts,webcasts, etc. continuously available to keep inspiring themselves over time and with repetition to try to build new attitudes and habits.The focus of the book is primarily on telling inspiring anecdotes and on the development of character traits. Character traits like responsibility,persistence,self-discipline,etc are really emphasized here.There is also a lot of emphasis on raising oneself up with the wise use of credit to invest in your own ability to earn money. I question the wisdom of using local loan shops for consumer installment loans to lift up your position in life. Depending on the state in which you live and how well they are regulated, you may need to take this advice with caution. Here in Georgia, the private loan companies often take advantage of consumers and the collection activities can border on illegal.They have a strong lobby and most consumer advocates want them more regulated. The profit margins can be very high as well.The story of the sewing machines is from another century.Those cautions aside, there is place for motivational stories and the emphasis on character traits but this could not really be called psychology as it makes little use of the knowledge base of the social science field we call psychology.
I am a Junior in High School and am instinctually drawn to literature.  This novel was a required reading, but that didn't spoil the story for me.  The story did that itself.  I have never been so bored in my life.  Honestly, I'm astounded to find that so many people "loved" this book.  While the story did have a great moral to go along with it, it was about dirt!  Dirt and migrating.  Dirt and migrating and more dirt.  I couldn't even sit down to read it for more than 15 minutes before dozing off.  What an awful summer read.  I even think I chucked it out the balcony once.  But please, decide for yourself.  Opinions on literature are very diverse, so make your own, and make sure not to operate heavy machinery while reading this one.  Things could get drowsy.
This is a required text for a class I am taking, but I have found it to be a poorly updated 9th Edition of a book. The first chapter gives such basic information about email, computers and the internet, that you would think the internet was just invented. Shame on the author and publishers for selling a book originally published in 1993 with very little work put in to making it relevant and current in its 9th Edition. For any aspiring or out of work authors, perhaps here is an opportunity to write your own book with a little more effort, which can be much more useful for today.
Selling Blue Elelphants. How to make great products that people want before they even know they want them.Moskowitz & Gofman. 2007. ISBN 0136136680. This is a very important book. It should finally put a bullet into money wasting focus groups. This is the applicationo of the scientific method to product development with a high tech web tool. Prodcys reange form consumer, hiugh tech, services, teh US President, stocks, competitive analysis - it is a very thorough treatment. The truth is people do not know what they prefer if they have not exerienced it. Previous work in this area promised bland and mediocre. These two marketing scientists have written a definitive work in this area.From the cover it does show the following* Discover "how the world works" in your market* Reveal the hidden rules that define your next breakthrough product* Create prototypes that answer the right questions, fast* Get at the truths your customers don't know how to tell you* Use automated tools to streamline the entire process* Streamline your research, and get actionable answers in just days* Extend RDE value throughout the enterprise* From messaging to corporate communications to investor behaviorIt is an important book. But, it is tiresome to read. Each chapter starts out brilliantly and then it drops numbingly into the data. I would have put most of the data in appendices. If you can get through it the results you can bring to your firm that are worth it and save time and money.
Duh, huh what?  I just keep reading but failed to understand what this book was about.  Maybe because I'm a CPA it went over my head.  Would someone please explain this book to me.  Thanks!  Also, I've never seen an alien or been taken aboard a spaceship.  I never have any fun.
For as hyped up as this book has been (thanks, STARZ), I was really disappointed. There were too many things going on, too many characters, and too much sex. Romantic time-traveller stories have been done before and much better. I struggled through the book because I paid for it, but I was in no way enamored of the lead characters and really didn't care about what happened to them. On top of that, the writing style is a bit immature; It may have been better told from a third-person narration. I very much doubt that I will read any more of the books in the series unless I get a free copy, and even then probably not.
Tsk, tsk....Who could imagine that Hannibal Lecter would be *gasp* boring and silly?  I've long admired Harris for his character development and knack for nail-biting suspense. He seems to take his time between novels  which leads to rich, frightening reads. HANNIBAL, to me, seemed rushed and  juvenile. So unlike you, Mr. Harris!From the very beginning,  favorite characters from SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and RED DRAGON do not behave  consistently with the way they were originally written. I think Starling  must have suffered several blows to the head to act as she did in this one.  The entire sequence with her and Hannibal alone together is just not  believable. And the scenes in Italy are uninteresting at best.Several times I wanted to put this novel away for good but kept reading  in hopes that it would improve. Unfortunately, it just got worse and worse.  If you have to read it, save some money and buy the paperback. I rushed out  to buy it in hardback when it was released, and that hardback is now  sitting in my &quot;to be donated&quot; box. I'm very disappointed, Mr.  Harris. I'm a hardcore horror fan, and reading this novel took up time I  could have used to read something worthwhile.
Salt is a collection of stories with one thing in common: salt. However, it is not a book of history, needless to say it is not a book of world history, as the title claims. It is more a compilation of readable stories about events in history that are more or less related to salt and fish.
I got this book, and I made it through 34 pages before I finally quit reading. I noted in the margin, "At this point, I will stop [reading]...I have the feeling that the rest of this book is going to be nothing but B.S., anyhow."
The worst book I've ever purchased! It was our monthly book club choice, I was reluctant to purchase but did because I was hoping to be surprised and gleen something from the book. I flipped through a lot of it and it's a very small book. I love lots of dialog, instead I got paragraphs of descriptions, the plane, the meadows, blah blah blah. When there was dialog it was like a riddle! It might have helped the story be more in depth and real if I had been eased into a story line and a back story to help you believe, however it jumps right in and I'm to believe there is a messiah flying a bi plane and flying people for rides?!? That he left the limelight of being a messiah because the people got to be too much?!? I don't like to say I hate books, but this book would be to use for a great fire strarter.
When S.A.R. first came out in the 1920's, a review of the day said that Hemmingway's prose,"...put conventional English to shame."  Well, that was then, this is now.  The more I read it the more I wanted it to end.  Is it entirely possible that in the American myths about Papa's alcohol soaked hunting and fishing trips, we've elevated the work because we wanted to like it as we seem to like the man?  Hemmigway is the perinneal 'Uncle That We All Wanted', but a much better and true account of the Lost Generation authors in Paris is A Moveable Feast, please read it before reading 'Sun...'.
I would pass this book because there are better books that deliver. Whenever I read a book on technical aspect be it trading or horticulture, I expect to learn something from it. But this book was author's personal experience quoting mostly from popular books like Market wizards etc.. Only chapter which had some nice facts was chapter 5. Conventional wisdom/market timing, again no technique or insight but made good reading. Mostly the book dealt with emotion and psychology of trading but I would recommend Dr. Alexander Elder's  "Trading for living" which is all time bestseller on this subject.
This book is total crapola. Pretentious, meandering, empty. Save your time and money and stare at a wall for a couple of weeks. You will look back at the time as having been more productive than reading this screwed up exercise in bad typing.
Got this for my 8th grade homeschooler. It's too overwhelming for someone just beginning the study of Botany. Not for the beginner
Don't let the title fool you into thinking that this slim novel is about baseball or even agriculture.  Set against the nostalgic backdrop of World War II as it was winding down, CATCHER presents a series of flash backs from the 17-year-old protagonist, who is housed in a mental facility in California.  Holden Caulfield at 16 is hardly a heroic type; rather he's a poor little rich kid who's just been expelled from his 4th boarding school.  The entire 213 pages consist of Holden's non-stop personal revelations about himself, his family and his fellow students.  Rarely requiring sleep or even sustenance, this whacked-out kid rambles during 100 pages to recount just one 24-hour period, leaving readers somewhat bewildered and breathless.For various reasons Holden decides to leave Pencey Prep several days before their official Christmas break starts-thanks to cash from a generous grandmother.  Taking a train to NY City-where he was raised-he tries to make it on his own for four days, before shamefully returning home to admit yet another academic debacle.  During this time, when he drops below the parental radar screen, he experiences a series of social and physical adventures-most of which prove unsatisfactory or unsavory.  His fertile brain spews out unceasing commentary on Life, plus those kids and adults who crossed his path; he dips ever deeper into flash backs about his previous schools.Salinger's style of verbal gushing is easy to read-chatty and conversational, in fact--but the frantic pace can exhaust his readers.  The way Holden abuses his body results in several bouts of illness for him, but his deepest wound may prove the death of his brother during the war.  Were it not for the loyal devotion of his little sister, Phoebe, Holden might not be able to hang on his sanity as well as he almost has.  He wonders if he needs faddish Psychoanalysis.  Shrinkage is what he eventually gets, but is that the only path to the full recovery of his delicate psyche?In the mid 80's one Ferris Bueller took a Day Off-- perhaps inspired by Holden's mid-Forties private break with reality.  Contemporary teenagers may not sympathize with his anguished pilgrimage to escape the phonies of this world.  CATCHER proves a grim roller coaster ride through the thought processes of a disturbed youth, who makes a point of honor to be NOT HOME-alone.
This is the first book I have ever read by this author. He is a gifted writer and can spin a lovely phrase. However, the basic premise of this book - that an ignorant pre-adolescent child can influence events - struck me as false. I did not for a minute believe Briony was a real person. And, the truth is, human lives are seldom sent spinning out of control by the thoughts, actions, and lies of an adolescent.Once I saw where this tale was leading, I put down the book. The author had brought his story to an absurd and intensely frustrating spot. As far as I was concerned, I didn't care a whit about Briony. So everything that happened stuck in my craw and seemed just plain old ridiculous. The author was unconvincing; no kid is that innocent at her age.Perhaps it all worked out in the end but I didn't bother to wait around to find out.Here's my hint to all authors: the pre-adolescent mind is not a very interesting place to spend time. Spare your readers the trip to this tiresome, and in this book, very dangerous place.
I Chose the rating as per the above, amazon reeeally need to work on how they display series lists it would stop this from happening ... but maybe that's why it is terrible...
After looking at the third edition, I ordered this book for a class that I teach. The fourth edition contains many changes, all of them for the worse. The literary selections in the 4th edition are not as well chosen; the added paragraphs in the chapters on New Criticism and feminism are stylistically awkward and often confusing and repetitive, not to mention factually questionable (the claim that there were no voices in feminism between Pisan and Wollstonecraft!). Most distressing of all, this edition was apparently rushed to press in time for classes in fall 2006, for it contains typos about every five or six pages. The chapter on feminism alone has at least ten errors, e.g., "one in the same," "least" instead of "lest" (that mistake was carried over from the third edition), "lastest"!!!, inconsistency in verb number after "a variety of [plural nouns]," etc. The publisher should send an apology to all purchasers of this book, along with a list of errata. On the bright side: I tell my students that I can't penalize them too much for small errors, when the textbook contains so many!
I've often wondered how I got through college as an English major without reading any Hemingway. The classics have always been my favorites, and American lit specifically. So, as an adult, I've tried to add some of those critically acclaimed books I missed in undergrad to my "Have Read" list. The first Hemingway book I read post-college was A Farewell to Arms. I liked it ... not loved, but liked it enough to read more of his work. But this one ... I struggled through it. I felt like each page was the same -- group of friends who don't all like each other and lots and lots of alcohol. I did make it to the end despite my minimal interest in the story (or lack there of) because, no matter what the story is, Ernest Hemingway's style of writing is a great example of a true gift.
Mr. Snicket has run out of gas.  He filled the pages of this book with silly nonsense at the expense of plot and character development.  You would think that the last book would give some sort of satisfying explanation to the questions raised in the previous 12 (else why would we have read this far?), but you would be wrong.
Jerry M. Newman's book "My Secret Life on the McJob" is a bit of an eye-opener, but not only about fast-food "McJobs."  It's also an unintended expose of greed and worker exploitation schemes by many, if not most, fast-food franchisees. Newman does a good job in explaining the physical and emotional stress which fast food workers operate under, but he seems not to care personally one whit about it. In the world of workers and management, business professor Newman is definitely on the side of management.If you ever wonder why the customer seating section of fast-food restaurants is often so dirty (and Newman really doesn't wonder), it's because the franchise owner, his managers, and assistant managers are too cheap to hire the appropriate number of employees to keep the place clean. Despite the managers' universal mantra that "if you have time to lean, you have time to clean," the managers themselves live by the code of "minimal manning", and that translates into more profit for the owners, bonuses for managers, and less service for the customers.  And when you think about it, every time you, yourself, have to wipe off a table or throw someone's trash away before you can sit down to your own meal those same owners and managers have even gotten you, the customer, working for them - and for free, no less! Now you've got your own, unpaid, McJob! We the customers have allowed these guys take us for saps, something else Newman ignores.I had a visceral reaction to the smug manner in which Newman presents his findings.  He is more concerned about describing leadership techniques behind the counter that he is about ethics in the fast-food business.  That kind of makes me wonder about the ethics of business school professors.
If the author wants a positive review of this book, he's not getting it from me. This is one of the worst self-help books I've read. First of all, on the backcover it claims to feature "100 new tips, tricks, and skills" for getting what you want. Well, guess what? None of the tips, virtually all one-pagers, is new. Examples of tips in the book include:- know what you want- set your deadlines- sound confident- always say thank you (I bet your mother never told you this one so Mr Templar is the first to let you in on this big secret)- Show you understand- Use the right words- make a date- rehearse it- don't give upWhat makes the book useless is the lack of real-life examples. There are a few short examples but they sound vague and contrived. The author just gives you general "advice" in the way of a boring preacher (think that guy on The Simpsons). Also, since the tips are one-pagers, most of the headings occupy a page on its own, so there is tons of wasted space; the book's 208 pages could easily have been consensed to 100 or so.In short, this book is pretty much useless, unless you are from a country where people ask for things they want in a totally different way than here in the West. A much better book is Dale Carnegie's 1937 classicHow To Win Friends and Influence People, reprinted with updates many, many times since then.
An ok book but not a great one, writing style is friendly and conversational and the kid knows his stuff but it is not a beginners book.  I wanted to adapt it for a short course on Java game programming and found it useful.  I was able to cull some ideas from it so maybe I was expecting it to be more than it was.  Along with some other Java graphics book it will work well.
John Steinbeck wrote several bad books (The Red Pony, Tortilla Flat, The Grapes of Wrath...), but this one just might be his worst.  His message to the poor and ignorant: "Be glad you're not rich and smart---money and knowledge are the root of all evil and only lead to misery, so take comfort in your community of poverty and ignorance!"  Leave it to a successful, well-educated "humanist" to write an absurd, contemptible little parable glorifying these things.  It isn't even well-written (even for Steinbeck), and the story is truly ludicrous.At least Steinbeck wrote some good books too, books like Of Mice and Men, The Winter of Our Discontent, and East of Eden...pick up one of them instead.
This book promised from the exerpts to be an interesting book about a man's awakening, but it turned out to be a christian book which was more preaching than journeying. A real dissapointment.
The Rule of Four should be retitled The Rule of Bore.  I kept hoping it would become somewhat compelling and fun, but, despite a good first 50 pages, it never did.  It resembles The Da Vinci Code like John Kerry resembles George Bush.  In other words, it doesn't.  Don't waste your time or money.  If your curiosity is still piqued, then simply check it out from the library.
Q: Do I blame the author or the translator? A: the authorThis is one of the most puerile pedagogic rants you will ever read. Let's start with the plot. You can guess who of the "dun it" by page 70 of the 359 page book. Clue? He does one of those Conan Doyle alkali plane tricks. Then there's the circa 1970s NUS bromides throughout the book. The evils doers are all capitalists, with a special place reserved for Americans. Then there's colonialists. The author can't seem to maintain his calm as he describes Ian Smith's Rhodesia as brutal, racist and fascist on three successive pages. Mugabe is "misunderstood and fair" and, best of all, the Cultural Revolution a "whoops but well intentioned mistake" that modern China should yearn to return to.It's palpable nonsense from beginning to end and swarms with that upper class superiority that only the Swedes can engineer. Don't bother. My copy hit the trash the day after Christmas...and I paid for it.
I was really disappointed with this book. It was basically a psychology book masquerading as an advice book.I already have a very good idea why the toxic people around me behave as they do, and I do not think that it is my job to coddle them and condone their rude, selfish behavior. There is no excuse for them refusing to do something about their problems.What I wanted was tips on how to cope with them and minimize the damage to me, not tips on how to feel all sorry for them when I probably have much worse problems than they do. I spend a lot of money and put a lot of effort into being the best person I can be, and they could do the same if they wanted to.I really wanted my money back for this book. What a waste !
I had heard about this book for years, and finally ordered it. What a load of pretentious crap. First of all, the characters were so poorly fleshed out that I truly could not keep them straight. And they spoke in this antiquated, affected style, like something out of a 1940's drawing room play. The whole Greek and Latin aspect of the book may be interesting to some people, but it wasn't to me. I kept waiting for it to get good. THe acknowledgements include a big thank you to literary agent Binky Urban who was (is still?) a big deal in the literary world. I kept wondering if Ms. Urban caused all of the fuss over this book and reviewers just bought the load of goods. The book is 557 pages long, and I got to 468 and could not continue. It was BORING! I hated the narrator and didn't believe that A)  it was a male...the voice didn't feel male at all to me and B) didn't believe anything about his story. It seemed so contrived.
I just ordered this book and I was more then suprised when has arived. The book ofered 96 pages of reading with blocks of letteres big enough to read it from any of Ljubljana scyscrapers. As normal, this one couldn't less more then 40 pages. So I try to put my disappointment away by reading this pile of paper. And it was the same. It statrts very promising, but soon this promise diminished in quite demeaning manner. Maybe this book is just good enough for HS kid. I was expecting book dealing with many ways of changing, specialy with it's practical look. But this was kind of a new-age mambo jambo, which is solving problems in black&amp;white manner.  It's a good start but don't expect to much. Try to find new cheese.
"Blood and Gold " is the eighth novel in the non-horror series "The Vampire Chronicles" as told by Marius to a new Norseman character calling himself Thornevald.  Akin with prior novels, the author describes the characters and environments marvelously.The Norseman encounters Marius after rising from a frozen grave on a mission.  The excitement soared as I saw an opportunity for Thorne to become a vengeful specter but was dismayed when after a small first section of the book most is written as first person Marius revealing to Thorne his entire story.  Countless times the author plugs Botticelli, an obvious obsession with unnecessary references throughout Marius' life, and again gives lessons in Christian art and history, creating a wearisome story.  The final dozen pages cover Thorne's unclearly motivated mission, a far cry from the anticipations cultured at the beginning.After eight novels, I notice many similarities.  Vampires tell their version of tales already known but more elaborately, they suffer emotionally, they love an art form, they tell a story of a vampire telling a story, they cannot or will not glean thoughts from even the weaker vampires yet regularly reveals their own thoughts, and eventually become exceptionally powerful.  This virtual indestructibility leaves me wondering why wouldn't a vampire over all the millenniums seek dominance over the human population instead of becoming another crying whelp.The author forgoes some of the traditional limitations found in the vampire genre such as the crucifix, holy water, and garlic, creating her own world where images on reflective surfaces are allowed.  The outrageously powerful vampires have telepathy and the eldest can perform telekinesis and spontaneous combustion on the younger vampires, abilities I've not encountered in other works.  I believe having certain restrictions on the undead brings some balance to the victims yet the novel isn't as much about the conflict between vampires and humans as it is about internal turmoil.Thank you.
The two stars are for the far too high price when there is no linked TOC, and hazy pictures. For $18, it must be much better set up, and even then.. Anyway, unsatisfactory Kindle edition.
All right, here it is folks.  This book is O.K.  It's completely predictable.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy great adventure.  It could be the simplest story and pulpous as all hell, but I'd still champion it if it was written well and with some real heart, not with the movie in mind.So, I  touch on the problem with all of Crichton's books; he has the script in  mind while writing.  Great, go for it.  But don't put it on a bookshelf,  leave it on your agent's desk.  If you want entertaining time travel see  Connie Willis(To Say Nothing of the Dog) and her homage to Jerome K.  Jerome(I didn't know who he was either).P.S.  From viewing the  &quot;Also Bought&quot; list.  You people need to get off the bestseller  list, it's all fodder.  Check out who Crichton reads, and respects, and I'm  sure you will run into Phillip K. Dick and Harlan Ellison(two far superior  writers). They are more than likely in the genre(if there is such a thing)  you like.  Hell, Dick's stories were the basis for Blade Runner, Total  Recall, and Screamers.  All of those flicks bury those giant lizards  somewhere along the Congo, marked by a giant Sphere.
Whenever I try reading this book my eyes just gloss over.  It's extremely dry material with cartoons added to every page to make it seem as if it'll be entertaining and easy to learn from but IMO it's neither.  On the contrary, it would probably be best as a reference book.  Almost every page has a new equation or symbol on it and I rarely felt that they were adequately discussed.  "What does it do? When is it useful?  What does it mean if the value is high/low?" are questions I constantly asked myself and the book doesn't take the time to answer.
If you are a history fan and a medieval times fan, like I am, you will at least love the first half of this book.  It's down hill from there. This book is like a bad movie in which the main characters keep getting themselves into bad situations and incredibly get out of them intact, and you can't stop thinking: "When is this piece of poo going to end!?". And just when you thought it could not get worse it does... again and again.This is by far the worst novel I have ever read, ever.Since I am a Michael Crichton fan it is very disappointing for me to have undergone from his writing such a horrible experience.Skip this book. It is definitely not worth the pain.
i had tough time with this book; took half the book to develop some interest & balance of book i enjoyed parts but struggled to get through the rest; if you like a story about a group of self centered, college kids who abuse alcohol, drugs & tobacco & want to hear naratives of their hang overs so many times it becomes monotinous you will like this book; she did not do a good job of developing the characters either; i do not recomend this book & will not download anymore of hers; story had potential but she blew it in my opinion
I have come to the conclusion that of the current 69 reviews, most must be from the "Real Estate Millionaires" the author interviewed to help promote the book, or from the author's friends.  I'm half way through and I am throwing in the towel on finishing it.  It is painful to read with a lot of quotes from the "Real Estate Millionaires".  There are plenty other real estate books out there that are MUCH better.  Don't waste your time with this.
Despite its strong premise and appealing style, 'Open House' has about as much thematic resonance and depth of character as a two-dollar Harlequin romance. If that's what you're into, fine. But why not just read (or for that matter, Elizabeth, write) one of those? It starts well enough, with the sudden abandonment of Samantha and her young son. How will she tell him? What will they do? How will they cope on their own? All good questions that suddenly-single parents must face, and surely the basis for a fine and thoughtful book. Unfortunately, 'Open House' isn't it. Berg sidesteps the all-too-real financial and legal ugliness of divorce, and chooses instead to wander through the more picturesque emotional landscape of Samantha's 'spiritual recovery'. In this endeavor she is ably assisted by a phalanx of unrealistic family, friends and lodgers, including a potential new beau: an almost-virginal astrophysicist with a strong sideline in home repair. From there, it's downhill all the way. The novel quickly degenerates into a sappy, middle-aged personal growth fantasy involving everything from moral victory over your ex to developing a better relationship with your mother, and seems over-informed by specious self-help books, vacuous pop philosophy, and most other forms of commercialized American voodoo. No wonder Oprah loved it: it reads just like a story from one of her diabolical 'Remembering Your Spirit' set-pieces.  But what do I know? After all, this book wasn't written for me; I'm a young Australian man, not a middle-aged American woman with 'relationship issues'. But I can't help thinking that a better book could have made me appreciate just what it's like to be that person anyway. Call me crazy, but I kind of thought that's what good writing was all about.
What a disappointment. I was hoping for some insight into the comic market and its future by a "futurist" but this is the same rehashed info you can pick up from reading a few comic blogs online. There's really no insight into the comic business, which is perhaps not surprising as the author is not in the comics business himself. The examples have little or no data to back them up. It's all second-hand news, regurgitated in an overly-long and not particularly scintillating form.Also, an editor would have helped a lot. The author really needs to "show" and not "tell" his story. Some pithy anecdotes would be welcome, but the details he does give (his nephew's 5 hour ride to the convention, long blow-by-blow descriptions of panels, etc.) are just not compelling.
Disappointing, but well written.
Have you ever encountered a book that you feel you simply ought to like, but don't, and have no idea why? Have you ever felt you ought to read a book, try, fail, try again, and fail? It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. The book becomes an impossible hurdle, and eventually, as with me and A Possible Life, one gives up. I give up. It's only fiction. My life doesn't depend on reading it.I wish I could tell you exactly what left me cold about this book. As I wrote, I wanted to like it. Sebastian Faulks' Human Traces (Human Traces (Vintage International)) is a book that I enjoyed reading so much that I was sad to see it end. That's quite a feat for a book that is almost 700 pages long.On the other hand, I could not make it through even one of this book's five chapters. My interest wasn't piqued. I was not moved by anything or anyone. One of the things that makes Faulks so readable is his rendering of character. So, when I saw that this book was a collection of character studies, I figured I was in for a good read, irregardless of plot or whether or not the five stories were linked. Unfortunately, that was not the case.So, in the end, this review is simply one where I say (as per two stars) "I didn't like this book." End of story. Why didn't I give it one star? Well, since I have no good explanation for my boredom and the professional reviews were glowing (more evidence I ought to have liked it!) I'm left with the feeling that the book was over rated, but, that in the end, the problem in this case was more the reader than the writer.
The book was a book club selection for my monthly book club.  Many of us remember the era when the book took place and were able to reminisce about familiar people and their role in creating the landscape when these characters ruled the headlines and the conversation of ordinary people. There was no blogging and twittering just talk, talk, and more talk.We found the book well researched complete with facts and trivia about the subject matter. It was also very repetitive and too long for most people to get through in a short amount of time.
A disappointing sequel to Prior's earlier book. Gone are the helpful graphics, the friendly tabular formats, the interesting side notes and historical background. As if they got half-way done, did a flat-text dump of the content, and then just decided to publish. The product of a bloated dysfunctional bureaucracy - something you'd expect from the old Soviet Union, or from those ignorant self-righteous ninnies in the malignant DC-EmpireWe were expecting an upgrade of Prior's 2003 book - correct the mistakes & typos - maybe add more depth in some areas. But this 2008 publication by McGraw-Hill is a big step backward. Most of the content is more shallow and less friendly to readStanding by itself we might give it three or four stars - Prior is a good source. But compared with his 2003 publication, this new book gets a well-deserved two-stars. There's no excuse for this downgrade. We guess the author must have lost control of this project
A classic that represents th  ills of society. A lost generation with a lost purpose.... most depressing books I've ever read.
The reasons this novel sucked were many and varied:It was unbelievably, maddeningly slow-paced. The plot and characters were all very boring.  The author switches back and forth in time, causing confusion to the reader. The author switches tenses; also confusing. Even for that time period the characters names were all stupid except Daisy.  There was very little dialogue and much dull, overblown narration.  The novel's pretension and silly names reminded me painfully of a Toni Morrison novel.I wasn't surprised that the audiobook was opened and closed by the stodgy puffed-up voice of George Guidall, but I was disappointed that the usually wonderful Alyssa Bresnahan narrated this colossal waste of time.
Lots of conventional wisdom in this book about branding and marketing. Sort of Marketing  101 type. The title is catchy but misleading. It offers nothing new about marketing, but only some "consultanese or jargons" to crowd some issues. It focuses on why, but not many actionable hows.We see less and less exciting marketing campaigns these days because books like this on marketing tend to recap some conventional concepts or ideas from some marketing gurus .Go for Al Ries, Kotler, or David Aaker's books on brands or marketing, you have far more to gain and save some time or money!I cannot finish this book because it does not deliver as the book title and the book jacket content promised.... The new rules suggested are actually old rules. Cases tended to be adapted from marketing news, not much hands on cases from the author.Borrow from library, if you stil decided to read it!
I've read all the reviews posted here and can see I'm in a tiny minority of folks who've read this, but I can't for the life of me see what this book is about. Nothing ever happens, just talk, talk, talk, and a lot of feel-goodism. The word "leisurely" has been used a lot, and that's putting it kindly. Books should be stimulating, not stultifying. Sorry to all the Mitford Fans, but I just can't like these books.
This book and its ilk offer precious little of any value. Of course, the book is very fat, but much of that volume can be attributed to (a) reviewing background material that has precious little to do with &#34;hacking,&#34; whatever that might mean in the authors' stultified world view; and (b) the fact that, wherever two lines of code would suffice to illustrate a point, the authors instead to choose page-filling screen shots of nonsensical Windows tools that, ultimately, and I do mean ULTIMATELY, offer those two lines--if you succeed in hunting them down.I earned my CISSP thirteen years ago, when it actually meant something, although the exam was--to be blunt--TRIVIAL compared to a challenging exam such as the CCP. This was before the Department of Defense legislated away the Orange Book and its associated core of intellectually vital output from leading researchers, choosing instead to buckle to the pressure of Microsoft and such (hey, they are, after all, in bed with them: one sees Microsoft Windows on even the OJCS's desktops).Yes, modern security practitioners know a whole lot about computer and network security. That's why, almost weekly, we hear on the news about how the latest retail chain was hacked and N hundred thousand or K million credit card numbers were compromised. Your latest coterie of &#34;CISSPs&#34; will rush to babble about encryption, although encryption was never more than a Band-Aid approach, and the ease of stealing the keys is never mentioned. These keys live--guess where--in disk files that are no safer than the disk-file-resident ciphertext with which they are associated, but your Johnny-come-lately CISSPs, who have no experience with professional operating systems, have zero understanding of the underlying mechanisms and architectural strictures that make SECURE systems secure.It makes one incredibly angry. Do you remember when some Russian group commandeered iPhones from afar? Yes, the iPhone comes out of the box with no identification and authentication mechanism, so Joe Anybody from across the globe enjoys the same privileges as the physical owner of the box. But, of course, security is &#34;of vital importance&#34; to Apple and Google and their ilk. S-U-U-U-U-R-E it is . . . I remember when I interviewed at Microsoft many years ago, before the genie was out of the bottle. Although nearly everyone enjoyed the freedom of a luxurious office, their current &#34;security guru&#34; was some clown in a cubicle who had the UNIX file permission algorithm PDL (yes, all six lines of it) displayed on his wall as if it were gospel--and as if a rhesus monkey couldn't memorize it.Given the academic and experiential basis from which the authors proceed, one can almost feel pity for them rather than revulsion. But I did say ALMOST. The book is garbage because the material is nonsense. One can find any number of textbooks about, say, UNIX, offering spellbindingly accurate, broad, and deep coverage of this and that. But, look for &#34;the Bible&#34; on Windows security, and all you will EVER succeed in finding is a few vague mentions here and there, along with statements that the mechanisms are &#34;in flux&#34; or &#34;difficult to understand,&#34; or other excuses that might fool a grade-schooler. Christ, they can't even get the terminology correct: an audit &#34;profile&#34; (as one might reasonably term it) attached to a file system object is called the &#34;system access control list&#34; or other such nonsense.Even more pathetic than the content is the packaging--&#34;Hacking Exposed,&#34; as if they're offering the keys to the kingdom. They're offering vague, quasi-applicable, extremely intermediate-level nonsense.
This is not a book for the casual reader interested in familiarizing himself/herself with the classics. If you enjoy a book that has a narrative that you can understand, then this book is probably not for you.I suppose if you want to really study Faulkner so that you can get in on all of his inside jokes and hidden symbolism, then this book is for you. (The rest of us have jobs and lives outside of the University.)
My Book Club assigned this book.  I never would have chose it on my own.  And I certainly never would have finished it had I not been obligated to do so before my next club meeting.
This book is a white liberal's distortion of the personality and motivation of a black person treated like cattle and struggling to survive being worked to death. The fact that many Confederate apologists want the names of Turners "victims" put onto a memorial monument sails close to this joke of a book. A memorial with the names of very black man, woman child killed during slavery in the US would be closer to the truth. Under the guise of "brutal honesty" the author just creates another stereotype and uplifts the white man's burden in bad prose.
There are many types of people - some who suffer psychological abnormalities. The first part of this novel is powerfully compelling as we learn to accept the peculiarities of a disturbed mind, and suffer with his victim. But in the second part of the novel we find the victim revealed in an awful way - is she as abnormal as her tormenter? And what of the man she sees as her guru - is he abnormal too? They are certainly immensely unlikeable characters to me - and anyone who actually likes either of them, well I have my reservations about them! (That goes for the author too!!)So what is the author saying to us? Does he believe all people are 'abnormal' and in extreme situations this will be exposed, where it might normally be obscured?But then we come to the ending. Perhaps it is just a pointless thriller. I didn't like it - despite how compelling it was to read at times.recommended other reading:'Working with Monsters' - John Clarke (Random House Australia)'The Man Who Tasted Shapes' - Richard Cytowic'The Story of Ruth' - Morton Schatzman
After I got over feeling that the author was pompous, I disregarded all his unknown (to Me) references and finished the book.  Enjoyed the last 25% the most.
The book is not straight forward.  Instead of teaching the basic concepts and then moving on to a more detailed analysis, the author first complains about all of the problems about this or that license.  Then, in the process, you get only bits of basic information.  It's a jumbled mess.The editor really let the author down.  It's the editor's job to make sure the information is edited to be clear and logical.If you need to learn about open source licensing, watch the FREE training videos from Black Duck Software.  Just Google "black duck webinars".  I believe the author of this book is involved in those as well.I've found other open source licensing books that get high ratings on Amazon, but none of those are very good either.  Well written books on open source licensing seem to be hard to find.
I brace myself for writing a negative review of a Pulitzer winning popular book. Many will not appreciate it, but here it goes...Cannery Row may serve as a great book for an English class or a book club, but it was not enjoyable. There is so much ambiguity and you can spend hours discussing the meaning behind incidents and actions of characters. How do you really know what the author meant or was trying to convey? Even if you did, what makes him the authority on that subject? Like a great political speech (great from the speaker's standpoint), you can take from it what you want. The genius of a book like this or the speech is the vagueness. Some may make a valid argument that if it promotes discussion and thought then it is a great book.The characters in Cannery Row do not seem real. They were not convincing or behave like real people. I do not think Steinbeck was even intending for them to be real. As in East of Eden they are more likely to represent a human condition. I think this is better done if the book is realistic. The alternating chapters also broke the flow of the book and added to the dullness. I recommend avoiding this classic book unless you are unfortunate enough to get it for a reading assignment.
Although I have read far worse books than this one, I had a definite feeling of disappointment after finishing it. The expected story line comprised only a fairly small percentage of the book. This in itself need not be fatal. The same thing could be said about the much-loved "To Kill a Mockingbird."In this case, however, the "filler" around the plot just was not strong enough to carry the story. The characters were fairly interesting and fairly compelling but (again) not strong enough to carry the story. The "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" characters, for example, did a better job in a similar situation.The narrator of the story became less and interesting during the course of the book. He confessed to be, after running a small town newspaper for ten years, "tired of writing." The more tired of writing he became, the more tired I became of reading what he had to say.Finally, several of the "mystery" elements of the story had loose ends that were not resolved or even mentioned.I gave the book two stars because I believe it would have to have been at least a little worse to rank only one star. But if it would have to have been much better in the areas mentioned to have been rated four or five stars.
Do I enjoy the book?  Yes.  Did my 4 year who enjoys long books enjoy it?  No.  The simple nature of the drawings is lost on the younger crowd.  You are being over ambious to think a child will enjoy this one
I gave these books a chance but they are really bad. I purchased another Demystified title as well and there is a lot left out in these books and there are incomplete examples leaving you to guess what the author means. I was very frustrated and sought out examples on line and found much better books, like a college algebra text book I ordered used, I would recommend the algebra for dummies books if you need to start completely from scratch in algebra. The examples and rules are very complete. I would like my money back from the author of the Demystified series.
This is an AWFUL book.  Two sad sisters with a disturbed Uncle hiding in one home with only the one poor sister going out to town to the store and having townfolk who hate and tease her each time she does so.The secret comes out at the end - about the murder - but the whole book is a real downer.  It is sad, Pathetic and show how cruel people are.
Some might think this is a weird story for HCC to publish. Yet, it seems to fit once you realize these are the same guys that republished "The Last Match." HCC has proven to be a diverse little company that turns out some unusual gems from time to time. However, this little nugget should have just been thrown out.The book opens up in the middle of a guy's existential crisis and beats you over the head with it for the first chapter. The scenery and descriptions are unimaginative symbols for the emotional wreckage of his life. It also opens with a sense of ambiguity about the lead character's sex and sexuality. Which in the 1980's might have been fresh - when done correctly - but comes across as poor writing in this particular book. I got very little sense of whom the character was in anyway for the first bit of the book. This left me not really caring at all about the character later in the book. I had no reason to feel an attachment.It also struck me as kind of ridiculous that this character that has been projected as very meek (if not down right weak) finds the ability to have a sudden burst of  "Special Ops" level fighting skills. Where these fighting skills come from is never explored and mainly used for the sole purpose of producing an object to use for foreshadowing. Which makes it seem not only inauthentic to the character but the whole arch of the story.This book was peppered with clich&eacute;s, plot devices, and flights of fantasy. It became a chore to slog through the story. When the writer was not making the protagonist seem like a whiney drunk he was twisting the story to fit his predetermined course. The plot did not seem to flow logically and characters seemed produced like bridges. They cover the holes so that we can eventually get to the destination. A destination that was obvious nearly from the beginning of the book and most certainly from the time he takes the job.I would advise people to skip this offering unless they are a hard-core fan of Hard Case Crime or just a collector looking to complete their collection.
This was a tough book to stick through.  I found it confusing and repetitous...and upon finishing the book I was left feeling empty because the story never resolved itself.  The book looked at the raise and  detremental fall of a Politician in Minnesota and how this lead to the  disappearence of his wife.  It leads the reader through many confusing  hypothesis and court depositions to really come up with nothing in the end.  I found myself quite disappointed with this book.
I liked the idea behind this story. It was a great idea of Love enduring through time. I really like the character emotion expressed. What i didn't like was all the graphic sex scenes. I don't want to read that. I know everyone thinks I'm a prude but it seemed to me that as a new author she did not know what to do with the story so enter another sex scene. We can get the idea of enduring great love with out all the details. So I would not recommend this book to other readers who don't want to read a story that should have been a harlequin romance novel. And I hope the author will grow in her story telling ability for her next book.
The money you save by NOT buying this book will put more money into your brokerage account which you can use in more useful ways.  Just another book with a sharp title and cover to lure one into wasting their hard earned money on a useless product.  DON'T BUY!!
On the plus side:The pages turn quickly...the book maintains a positive tone and is great for anyone who feels like the investment world has turned its back on him. I believe it rightly calls out the finance-centric media machine for filling the airwaves with a lot of information that isn't relevant. Book also puts the spot on pundits who wax poetic about cause and effect, yet their ideas are only a small piece to a much larger, more complicated puzzle.However, I think the book has more on the minus side:Despite all the motivational language, I wasn't convinced that any of those ideas were critical to the topic - namely, that following price-based market trends significantly better than other alternatives to playing the market.  The idea that price is the only thing that matters is ludicrous (So was the housing bubble just a big mistake...should homes be valued even higher?). Also, the book is quite weak on methods.  Not that I think any of the trend-trading paradigms are robust, but I was hoping to be humored a little more. The book even maintains that George Soros was probably more likely to make a fortune than Warren Buffett because Soros "did almost everything" while Buffett merely decided "to buy a few companies." Also, the book doesn't really follow-through on ideas that seem good. For example, it blames Federal Reserve actions as a culprit in the latest financial meltdown (a fair claim, I believe) but then it supports it with a shallow list of summarized Fed actions over the past decade. Weak!Conclusion:Why have people rated this book so high? Frankly, I'm glad I didn't pay money for it.
it was &#34;required material&#34; for my course. Which in reality it means to say that &#34;The publishers bought lunch for the administrative office at this school and/or bribed us into forcing you to buy this book.&#34; Programming books in general do not make any sense, the nature of the beast dictates that it's all going to be online for free with multiple perspectives.
Half way through the book and I still dont know the plot. Too much boring detail about how people dress, where they are going to go,,,,ugh.
You can probably get most of the same information by surfing the internet.  But if you're itching to spend the $11, there is a sample of a DEED OF TRUST and a NOTE AND MORTGAGE.  Until now, I didn't know that not all states hold property with a deed.  So I learned something indeed.
The number of five star reviews for this book can only be explained by the fact that peple will always believe what they want to believe. Prange ignores - deliberately in this reviewers mind - two key points. (1) Roosevelt had every incentive to set up the attack as the American peple were overwhelmingly opposed to another war in Europe. (2) He pursued precisely the methods he would need to follow in order to set up the attack.There is no need to get involved in a mess of details, such as whether the famous "Winds Execute" message really made it to the White House, etc. The smell and stench of cover up, intimidation of witnesses, etc., from Captain Kramer and the rest, is everywhere. People who believe Prange probably believe the Easter Bunny planted the thermite at the two World Trade Centers, too.
Steinbeck seems to have a rather elitist attitude in this book.  His ego is on full display.  Example: he doesn't like the transformation of the American infrastructure from highways to interstates because you lose touch with the real America because of all the billboards, efficient truck stops,lack of scenery, etc, etc.  John would't be happy unless we were all farmers living in old mother Russia telling stories around a fire.  Sitting around a fire because we didn't invent electricity because it might elevate us socially above our neighbor or possibly rob us of the joys of sitting around a fire telling stories; all while eating raw potatoes and drinking water out of a hole in the ground.  While I have always thought Steinbeck could write beautifully, his books seem to be little more than propaganda to further his socialist desires for society.  But who am I?  I guess I'm just more of a Hemingway kind of guy; I didn't get a college degree in something that only offers a job teaching the same subject as my diploma.
I want to start by saying that I loved The Firm and liked several others of John Grisham's books.  But this book was a huge disappointment.  There was way too much time spent talking about church visits and introducing yet another new undeveloped character.  The middle of the book drags and lacks direction. The best part of the book was the relationship he has with Callie's family.  The nine years that Padgitt spends in jail could have and should have been condensed!
how can I give it less than 1 star? if I could I would! this book is unreadable, despite the reviews. it is gratuitous and demeaning; an imitation of Lord of the Flies? the author seems to feel that one teaser of an opening page will entice the reader; this doesn't occur as the book becomes a droll nightmare (or nap because it is so difficult to stay awake) for at least the 1st half until the 'plot' thickens, but by then she has lost me. I am also insulted by an author's insertion of Greek, Latin and French phrases that no one (or the vast majority) have no idea the interpretation of; it is condescending and serves no purpose. don't waste your time!
Thus book is really not much more than a brief introduction to the field of ETFs. As for the "trend following" in the title, readers interested in the technique will be sorely disappointed. The only recommendation is to buy when an ETF trades above the 200-day exponential moving average and sell when it falls below it. That's it. Seriously. Add to that the frequent plugs of the author's website and you really have to wonder why anyone would bother to put out a book like this and seriously claim to be providing any sort of useful service to the investing public.
Unrealistic, materialistic, we-are-all-the-same neighbors (must have plastic snowman on roof! big brother is watching you!), boring plot, peer pressure for the middle-aged ending.  What a waste of perfectly good paper.  There is absolutely nothing in this book to make you glad you read it.  I know I'm sorry I did.
The examples are not good and the explanations are difficult to understand. It is a poor book in order to learn statistics.
Come on John, get a grip ! This book had a scrawny story line which you dragged out to the bitter end. They might be paying you by the word but please have a heart , there are people out there actually reading this stuff.Nothing much happened did it. It certainly had an intriguing start but the story remained paralysed and just edged along at a snail's pace and then went out with a whimper.Why on earth did you bother.. and why did I?
Big book, yes. Some good ideas, yes (not necessarily new)Skillful advertisement to the "indicator package" yes. Confusion? Of course. So how can we solve this problem? How can we make money using this five star book (as the crowd suggests) I guess he (the writer) expect either subscription to his service or buying the "new" indicators; or both: to increase the odds in your favor. I really disrespect the principle of writing something vague with clear contradiction to what he is preaching in his 8 minutes video about the "scalper indicator". In the book he stress the point of dealing with three consecutive higher closes or three consecutive lower closes "because this where the action settles or closes, because that is where the rubber meets the road" as he say. Now I have a small problem with the incomplete formula in the book (higher than what) but the problem got bigger when I watched his video while talking about three higher highs or three lower lows regarding the same indicator "the scalper" (which is basically a reverse bar) with additional filter that is not mentioned in the book.  I do not need to understand what he is trying to do for the buyers of his book and indicators. He is selling short "his" stuff. This scalper is nothing more than going opposite to the pivot point with whatever filter you like to add. The rest of the book is somewhat good reading about trading in general, with very low value regarding new ideas of successful trading. Yes, there are Lots of examples saying the same thing over and over; to print more pages without adding any new ideas to the first example. I am not sure if the five star reviewers have read the book and liked it, the way it is. Or used it profitably I the market. I am not sure what they think about the contradictions (between the book and the website) or the poor ideas in the book. Be aware of visual and mental confusion before you buy. If it was a complex and hard good trading book, then there is no problem to spend more time to get it. But if it is based on confusion and selling gimmicks then it does not worth a penny . this book is empty of anything new, all what you will get is some old stuff with new names, so hopefully - as the writer wish - someone will try using those "new" indicators to sharpen his or her trading edge. some other authors are doing the same strategy to achieve some financial goals as an alternative to what they failed to do trading the markets. the best you can do is to use it as a tool to stimulate your thinking to fix and complete the confused thoughts and come up with your won methods and strategies. I am glad to find something positive in the book by the end of my review. Good luck to you all who believe in this book, you all badly need it
Okay, I'm trying to incite. When people look back at the 1990s, though, they'll wonder why people went so gaga for with the &quot;Mars/Venus&quot; hypothesis which reduced most debate on gender issues to a comic book  level.  Feminists and sympathizers, think.  Are women innately illogical?  Are men completely devoid of spirituality and intuition?  This book just  rearranges stereotypes in a manner so they sound progressive. I don't doubt  the author's good intentions but his level of scholarship is just bad.To  challenge the book's general thesis point by point: there are serious  reasons to doubt whether the goddess societies he described ever existed  (those who take this as a point of faith won't care, of course, so I'll  move on);  there are MANY examples of preliterate societies which survived  into the modern age which didn't and don't resemble what the author  describes (and none, literally, which did or do);  should the question of  &quot;what comes next&quot; really hinge on some anachronistic notion that  men and women might just as well be of different species, isn't this the  kind of nonsense we're trying to move beyond?This is a bad book.  Gave  it an extra star because it might expose some people to ideas which are new  to them, those who like the Mars/Venus dichotemy will give it extra points.  I have no doubt, however, that all of these books will look silly ten  years from now, this is the 90s equivilent of books which predicted that we  would run out of oil by 2000, or global cooling would be a major problem,  or that Japan would be the coming superpower, written for the techno new  age feminist self-help crowd.
I am half way through this book and feeling very skeptical that it is real. Having had a lot of experience in China and being part of the adoption community for 8 years now the honesty on the part of the people committing these acts don't ring true to me. We have all heard stories like this. The horrendous things that happen to Chinese baby girls in China.  The sad state of orphanages.  Fact or fiction?  I have no doubt the facts are accurate. Babies are abandoned, murdered, cast away like they aren't human. This is a fact.However what doesn't ring true to me is the way the women who have gone through this open up to this author and spill their innermost secrets.  The way random men on a train openly discuss what they have done with their daughters and the terrible choices they have made.  The way she witnesses murders and does nothing but cry. The way women so eloquently discuss what they have done and how it makes them feel and yet are still described as repressed and having no voice. I absolutely don't believe that these people have been so forthcoming with her.It all feels like exaggeration and feels like she is claiming to have firsthand knowledge of these things. Making firsthand accounts from stories she has heard.  It is actually bothering me so much that I am going to look into who this author is more. my feelings so far are that this author feels tremendous guilt and disbelief that these things happen and is trying to somehow justify the actions of her fellow Chinese people by presenting to the world how devastated they are for behaving this way.Of course I believe these things happen and that the Chinese people forced to commit these atrocious acts suffer and feel remorse. that it ruins many of their lives. That they kill themselves and never get over it.  I just don't believe that they opened up to this author about it.
Uggh! Thats how I felt reading this book.  It's almost as if it wasn't written by the same person. I mean it was so obviously written as a screenplay to be made into a movie.  All that was missing was the word &quot;CUT&quot;, at the end of each scenes discription.This book is a disappointment not because it is so blatently written to assit in the movie adaptation, but because it is a sellout of the previous one.  The author let us down when we expected so much more, and we deserved it because we know he has it to give (evidence Silence of the Lambs).Also disappointing is the fact that it goes for cheap gore.  Yes I know Hannibal eats his victems, but that is only a part of what makes him frightening.  What really makes him scary is his crazy intelligence, his planning, his passion and manipuation, his power over his victems.  All of these things were so brilliantly highlighted in Silence of the Lambs, that the reader has no choice but to be let down while reading this.It's like the author tried to pull a fast one and thought no one would notice.  It makes me angry because readers are smarter than that.  We know what the author is capable of and we expect their best and no one got it in this book.
Every year bunch of pundits write books about the next market crash.  Eventually, half of them are right.  But, they are often justFooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets.  Talbott predicted the housing downturn back in 2002, three years before it occurred.  Was it genius or just dumb luck?  After studying his book, I conclude it was luck.  Read on to find out why.Talbott develops home valuation metrics that are methodologically flawed.  He compares the Debt/Cash flow multiple of sound LBO transactions (around 7 times) vs the ones he estimates for home borrowers (around 14 times).  But, he omits that the interest rates on the junk bonds financing LBOs were twice as high as mortgage rates.  The resulting debt service burden on the LBO is higher than the one on the mortgage borrower.  He similarly looks at Price/Rent multiplier and Price per square foot of homes vs apartment buildings.  Those are apples and oranges comparisons.  It is like stating Google is overpriced because its P/E is higher than PG&E.;  But, Google P/E will always be much higher than PG&E; because Google is a growth company meanwhile PG&E; is a mature regulated utility.  Similarly, rents are capped and regulated meanwhile home prices are not.  The quality per square foot between homes and apartments are different.  The privacy, lifestyle, amenities, amount of land are also different.  The resulting demand and supply curves are very different too.  Renters have much lower income than homeowners.  Also, he again forgets the impact of interest rates.  In table 6.4 he compares the price per square foot of homes in September 2002 vs apartments in January 2000.  During this near three year period interest rates had dropped by 120 basis points.  This alone should have caused apartment building prices to rise by 15%.  Thus, his related price multiple of homes vs apartment is overstated.  On table 6.3 he looks at home price/personal income multiple.  Again, remember the Google vs PG&E; analogy.  There are fundamental reasons why Google has a higher P/E than PG&E.;  Similarly, there are many reasons why San Diego has a higher P/I multiple than Gary, Indiana.  Climate, environment, job opportunities are big drivers of P/I multiples for cities just like earnings growth and business opportunities are for P/E of stocks.Talbott also shows much data that actually contradicts his position that a housing bubble had started.  He shows a graph of declining crime rates that renders communities more attractive and should support higher home prices.  His graphs showing housing prices to income multiple and to cash flow multiple showed that such valuations were a lot lower than back in the early 80s.  And, they did not crash back then.  Figure 3.2 shows that LTV ratios had reverted back to the mean around 74% by 2002.  Similarly, the % of homebuyers with LTV ratios of 90% or more in 2002 was far lower than in 1996.  On figure 3.5 he shows that the coverage of interest expense by average worker's cash flow steadily increased over the twenty year period from 1982 to 2002.  All those facts did not support his bubble hypothesis.There is a good reason why Talbott had to be lucky in his prediction: nothing in the data at the time suggested the onset of a housing bubble.  He tortured the data every which way to support his arguments.  But, as investigated above he failed.Talbott also makes a lot of conceptual mistakes.  He confuses cause and effect when he states that women had to enter the workforce so households could afford homes.  Instead, women entering the workforce boosted household income which caused home prices to rise.  Later he states "As he [Reagan] adopted a policy of borrowing to fund deficits, rather than printing money, inflation came under control."  But, running Budget Deficit would certainly not curb inflation.  Meanwhile, printing money refers to the growth of the money supply that is not controlled by the President but by the Federal Reserve.  During the Reagan years inflation came down not because he ran large Budget Deficits, but because Paul Volcker, Federal Reserve Chairman, restricted the growth of the money supply growth.  On the graph of figure 3.1 he thinks he is showing how households are getting more leveraged by showing their rising debt over time.  But, this graph is really meaningless without considering their rising assets over the same period.  Hopefully his handle of plain economics will have improved in his upcoming bookObamanomics: How Bottom-Up Economic Prosperity Will Replace Trickle-Down Economics.Talbott also cherry picks a lot of short-term trends that are meaningless.  He shows a graph of stock returns during the dot.com crash (2000-2002) and is alarmed noting that home prices did increase during the same period.  Later he shows a similar graph over a short term period showing how commercial real estate prices decreased meanwhile home prices increased.  But, all those graphs are showing is that stocks, commercial real estate, and residential estates are separate asset classes with somewhat uncorrelated returns.  Their divergence over short period of times is to be expected.  This in itself did not mean home prices were overvalued at the time.In the second section of the book his recommendations on protecting personal wealth range from the mundane to the ludicrous.  He advices borrowers to reduce their leverage, carry adequate insurance, and diversify their portfolio.  That's common sense.  Then he moves onto the ludicrous by recommending you sell your house and rent instead, or move to a cheaper home market area, or even consider bankruptcy filing as a preempting strike against your creditors.If you want to better understand home price differentiation between cities I strongly recommend Richard FloridaWho's Your City?: How the Creative Economy Is Making Where to Live the Most Important Decision of Your Life.  On the housing and credit crisis I recommend Charles MorrisThe Trillion Dollar Meltdown: Easy Money, High Rollers, and the Great Credit Crash.
I hate to rain on the Gaddis-is-God parade of reviews, but i tend to think  that there was a reason he was so &quot;unjustly ignored&quot; for so long.  i found this book intolerable reading as it reminded me of Thomas Wolfe  and D.H. Lawrence at their worst.  its filled with struggling, confused,  self-obssessed artists making obscure references to second-rate classical  music and irrelevant philosophies.  the protagist is moody and obviously  feels himself to be superior to everyone else (hence the comparison to  Wolfe and Lawrence: two writers who thought too much of themselves),  although personally i found him profoundly annoying.  moments of vivid ,  grand imagery almost make this book worth reading, but doesnt quite save  the book, for there are other writers who also paint strong imagery without  the pretentious dialogue and postured writing style.
The Buddha was married. Please give your books titles that make sense.  The Buddha also had a child, hence the terrible title of your other book.  Why would people buy these when your lack of knowledge is so evident?  I feel sorry for anyone lost enough that they actually bought these.  I can't wait for her next book &#34;what if Jesus was a Jew?&#34;
Sorry, but this was an impenetrable mess. For academics only. I have a Master';s degree and several hours of advanced study beyond, and I am no slouch in the brains department, so I'm told, but this thing...The layers of meaning hinge so critically on classical studies and extensive knowledge of classical languages that I was reduced to a bystander musing at a babbling rant. Can't decide whether to reevaluate Joyce's genius, feel duped by an incredible literary joke, or write the whole thing off as pompous pretense. Probably just not the book for me.
Like another reviewer, I only finished this because it was so short. I found the characters (especially the two sisters) flat and uninteresting. Everyone keeps talking about the shocking final scene, but it just struck me as ridiculous. You can't just throw some incest in there and expect everyone to be shocked into liking the book. Apparently he can, though; everyone else seemed to enjoy this less-than-enjoyable mess. I just finished the story, bored and totally unimpressed, 5 minutes ago, and I figured I'd better write the review now or I'd forget all about it by morning.A way to fill up a couple of hours, but nothing more.
A little disappointed. I tried to find some good hints but none was found.  However, there are many good reviews here. It could be from Amy's friends or just me.
I will be brief: Penroses writing is mediocre, his drawings obfuscate more than clarify.The vast majority of the book is devoted to completely and utterly extraneous topics, and seems to largely be a platform for Penroses new quantum theories.His arguments are unclear, weak and largely dependent on philosphers like Lucas and Searle, while his idea of quantum effects is improbable and surely in the end irrelevant (cannot computers tap into quantum effects?) and his knowledge of computer science deeply, deeply suspect.For example, I quote here from the final sections which actually have something to do with his ostensible reason for writing the book:"Neverthless, one still might imagine some kind of natural selection process being effective for producing approximately valid algorithms. Personally, I find this very hard to believe, however."The entire flourishing, commercially succesful field of evolutionary computing begs to differ here, Mr. Penrose. SUch bonehead errors compells me to point out that this mathematician has no clothes.
Extremely slow and wandering. I was so happy when I finished it. The characters lacked depth and the plot plodded.
There was a point and time when Michael Crichton was all I would read, and then I read `Timeline' and sadly since then I haven't touched one of his books (while I do own two I have yet to read, `Airframe' and `Prey').  The problem with this novel was that it failed to grip me, not even in the slightest.  I was bored throughout most of the novel, the characters were uninteresting and generic, the plot was too much like `Jurassic Park'...the list goes on and on.  I will give Crichton one plus though, and that's his dedication to detail.  I really felt like I was back in the 1300's running for my life from knights, but once the book was closed I found myself wishing it was all over.  I drug on for way too long with no real payoff in the end.  This could have been wonderful, I mean no one can deny that Michael is a great writer, but instead of giving his location a great plot he dumbed it down and handed us what feels more like leftovers.
The short book doesn't unearth anything new in the world of critical and positive thinking. It covers various thinking techniques on the surface level and hardly helps to get the reader motivated to want to revolutionize their career and transform their lives. It was a bit annoying that one event was used throughout the book to demonstrate various thinking styles and achievements. While a moving story, there are other examples of revolutionary thinking other than the story of transporting a young girl with a heart problem from Iraq to Tennessee and back. This book makes some good points, but I expected more given the book's topic and sub-title.
A friend of mine left this behind, along with some other eclectic freeware books. What's this PHP stuff? Well, I took a gander at this book and it really put me to sleep in no time flat. Reads like an (incomplete) reference manual. I found it about a hundred times easier to simply dive into a few of my friend's PHP pages and play around/add features just by inferring the syntax. PHP is that simple (mostly like a simple version of Perl), but this book obscures that in mind numbingly boringness. To boot, it's not even that useful in configuring your system. Avoid O'Reilly's "MySQL & mSQL" by Yarger et al. It's ...[horrible], too.
I'm about halfway through Revolutionary Road and it's unlikely I'll be able to finish as I have no real desire to find out what happens to Frank and April.  Will they find marital bliss?  Will someone die?I don't really care.The story is told predominantly from Frank's POV, and he is a shallow, selfish, immature lout.  This makes you want to root for April, but she's pretty shallow and immature herself.  Two young suburbanites who are watching life pass them by and dreaming of something more.  BO-ring.The author has a nice writing style - very prosey and old-fashioned.  If you like that sort of thing, you'll probably enjoy this book.  But if you're looking for a page-turner that will grip you and make you want to read all night long, this isn't the one.
At first, this book seemed very scientific and I was impressed by all the studies. But then I encountered some statements about protein that just seemed kind of off  and were poorly supported by research so I looked into who Amy Joy Lanou is. Turns out, she is a vegan, animal rights activist who appears to have a hidden agenda to get people to stop using animal products. She's a member of PCRM which has been described as follows:"The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM) is a wolf in sheep's clothing. PCRM is a fanatical animal rights group that seeks to remove eggs, milk, meat, and seafood from the American diet, and to eliminate the use of animals in scientific research. Despite its operational and financial ties to other animal activist groups and its close relationship with violent zealots, PCRM has successfully duped the media and much of the general public into believing that its pronouncements about the superiority of vegetarian-only diets represent the opinion of the medical community."Less than 5 percent of PCRM's members are physicians," Newsweek wrote in February 2004. The respected news magazine continued:[PCRM president Neal] Barnard has co-signed letters, on PCRM letterhead, with the leader of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty, an animal-rights group the Department of Justice calls a "domestic terrorist threat." PCRM also has ties to People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. An agency called the Foundation to Support Animal Protection has distributed money from PETA to PCRM in the past and, until very recently, did both groups' books. Barnard and PETA head Ingrid Newkirk are both on the foundation's board.New York Times columnist Joe Sharkey put it more crisply in a November 2004 piece about PCRM's annual airport-food ratings. "The physicians' committee has a PETA link," he wrote, "and its food rankings reflect that agenda."
It really pains me when I read a book that is hailed as a classic many times over but for some reason or another it just doesn't click at all with me. This is the case with The Handmaid's Tale, which is unfortunate because I was very much looking forward to reading this book. I really really wanted to like this book but I can't force what isn't there for me.The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian novel set in Gilead, which is formally part of the USA. Most of this book is told in the first person perspective by a character named Offred. Offred is a handmaid, which means her sole purpose in this society is to produce children for her commander (whose name is Fred, Of Fred, you see). Because of the fallout from a nuclear war most women are unable to have children, but Offred is thought to be fertile so during times when she is most fertile she is more or less forced to have passionate-free sex with the commander for the sole purpose of having babies(since his wife is unable to do such). Other women play their role as well. "Aunts" keep watch on the Handmaids and are allowed to read and write (unlike the Handmaids), "Wives" are the highest level caste, whom are married to high ranked men. "Marthas" are older, infertile women and "Econowives" are women who are married to lower ranked men. For men there are commanders, who are high ranking men, "Eyes" who are like the police and "Angels" who fight the wars. Only babies who are deemed as "keepers" are kept, "unbabies" vanish to somewhere unknown. There are other elements such as the Wall where people are hung-up dead for all to see, if they violate the laws of Gilead.What we have is an excellent setup for a good novel but unfortunately there are some serious issues with this book.First, this novel is really disjointed. The novel often bounces between present-time and Offreds past, but the transitions aren't smooth. This novel is written in a stream of concious style and it just doesn't work for me. Because it bounces around all over the place it can be a bit confusing at times which draws me away from the story.Next, the prose is just bad. I understand what Attwood was trying to do here, she's trying to make the character sound more real, but it often feels boring and the areas that are supposed to feel emotional just fall flat. It doesn't have that organic feel to it like, say, 'We' by Yevgenny Zamyatin, which is also written in the POV of the protagonist. Attwood often times tries to sound poetic but to me it comes off as just plain cheesy. She'll often write a cheesy poetic line, followed by a word or two which is supposed to feel impactful but it just doesn't to me. Or she'll write repetitive lines to try and build on the impact, but again it falls flat for me, for example -"The Commander is the head of the household. The house is what he holds. To have and told hold, till death do us part. The hold of a ship. Hollow."Or"What I feel towards them is blankess. What I feel is that I must not feel. What I feel is partly relief, because none of these men is Luke. Luke wasn't a doctor. Isn't."Or lines like -"Moira had power now, she'd been set loose, she'd set herself loose. She was now a loose woman."This type of prose is strung throughout the book (in fact I just fumbled through a few random pages to find these for this review, there are way worse). I was constantly drawn out of the story because of the cringe-inducing prose.The characters are also a bit flat. Offred is *slightly* three dimensional but most other characters are stuck in two dimensions. A good dystopia needs characters that really pop out of the page to succeed in pulling at my heart-strings.Finally, the ending fell flat. There is virtually no resolution. It seems like Attwood was going for an ending which would spark conversation (and for many people I'm sure it does) but I really don't like books where there is no resolution, you have no idea what happens to the protagonist.So, unfortunately this book just didn't work for me. It's hard for me to say I don't recommend reading it. Perhaps it's me and I'm just missing something. So, even though I give it a pessimistic 2.5 (rounded down to 2) I'd still say to check it out because so many people love this book.
This was a great book, but my Kindle kept crashing.I'm not sure why the book is still in the Kindle store - I was just on a tech chat with customer support and was informed the book was removed due to quality issues. Sure enough Amazon has removed it from my device, and are sending me the hard copy ($179, but free shipping).Why is this book still listed in the store?
Hello People wake up How Many times can the same 3 children escape 1 bad guy?!? this Book was horrid! Boring, Boring, Boring, After the 5th book i was snoring and this tops it all its not even the last one!!!!! After 12 books its still not over, my grandchildren will be reading the100th book if he continues like this! (and between me and you, what kind of a person cant recognize a baby in a conciarge outfit)I dont plan to even bother to read the 13th book, i can see lemony saying the series will continue after the book "The end" if there was a 0 star i would give it!!!
It's obvious that crime stories are rarely credible. But they have to be intrinsically credible. Father Brown knows things which he cannot possibly know. His predictions - which always turn out to be true - are mostly just too implausible.
I didn't read this... it seemed boring when I started. maybe i'll try again.. I'll stick with Joyce Meyer. yea!
I tried reading this book because it is our book club selection. I am an avid reader and have a stack of books to get to. I can do that sooner than I thought because I will spend no more time with this one. I read half way through thinking it would get better. No. I can't remember the last time I gave up on a book. I feel liberated now that I closed this one. Geez. Where was the editor? WAS there an editor? I gave it one star because I am not allowed to give it zero.
Except the interview with Mark cook and Ahmet Okumus who give a few tips about trading, the rest is Just a waste of time and money,
My previous experiences with the author as a customer of his &#34;sought after&#34; Turtle Trader System leave me skeptical of any promises his books or products might make. He is an aggregator of information & that's just about it. My best advice to anyone buying this book or any other product from Covel is to keep your expectations in check.  The only person that can make you $$$ in trading markets is you. He will not teach you how to handle a trade that goes south on you and the myriad of emotions you'll experience in that process. Look anything is possible...but, The institutional traders he profiles have a different set of circumstances than the guy or gal with a day job & trades a $25,000 acct part time.Keep your feet on the ground when reading his material. Nothing in the markets is that seamless or easy.
This is the first year that my daughter is studying Spanish and she is totally lost using this book.  Unfortunately, I am unable to help her because there is no English translation to any of the activities.  It just goes into conversational spanish without teaching any basics whatsoever.  There is an anemic little glossary in the back, but there are many translations missing.  She's just struggling with a Spanish/English dictionary and it takes her forever to finish her homework.  It's a shame that learning a language has to be so grueling for her.
As the parent of an adventurous and challenging two year old, I was intrigued by the title of this book and decided to investigate a bit further. Promoted as "the clinically proven five-week program for parents of two to six year olds", this guide for behavior modification may be helpful for some parents but is not the best choice for those of us who choose Attachment Parenting as a way to stay connected with our children.Week 2 focuses on external rewards including using language which induces a desire for your child to please others instead of developing true self-confidence. Some examples are suggested phrases such as, "I really like it when you obey me!" and "I like it when you come to dinner when I call." Why not allow the child to develop a healthier and more positive desire to act appropriately by promoting self-esteem - "You picked up your blocks and put them away all by yourself!" or "You came to the table for dinner all on your own when you heard me call you!"?I was also disturbed by Week 3: Ignoring. :( There is even advice to ignore your child if she screams or cries for attention. This is not responsible nor loving parenting and does not communicate or model appropriate behavior for any age.Week 5 is all about time-outs and personally I don't agree with their advice to put your two year old in the corner for any reason. There are much more loving and effective ways to model and teach without humiliating your child.Other chapters offer helpful and caring advice, but because of the above-mentioned negative suggestions, I would not recommend this book to "attached" parents who choose more child-honoring methods.Parenting The Strong-Willed Child is helpful for frustrated mainstream parents and caretakers who spank and need specific directions to improve parenting skills and stop hitting their children.  However, if you are the type of parent or caretaker who follows your heart and works hard to instill healthy self-esteem and nurturing relationships, do yourself a favor and consider checking out "Easyt to Love, Difficult to Discipline" by Becky Bailey, PhD, "Raising Your Spirited Child" by Mary Sheedy Kurcinka or "The Discipline Book" by William Sears, MD.
This review is of the free version of the story.Overall, a very disappointing read. The story is superb, probably the best Christmas story other than the story of Christmas itself, but the formatting is outright horrible. No effort was put into proper conversion from print to ebook. It was literally scanned with text recognition and exported to HTML. There are characters that display incorrectly because they are just 'typed' and are not the correct code. The page numbers from the print version are randomly scattered through the text, making it very hard to read. There are no page breaks, no table of contents, and absolutely no formatting whatsoever. Some text is in caps, other text in bold, you know where I'm going. Download it and see for yourself.You are better off spending $.99 on a decently formatted version of this story. I have tried a sample of several versions and this one has left me fairly happyA Christmas Carol, as it looks to be very professionally done(Embedded cover, active table of contents, page-breaks, appropriate 'stave' headings, etc. I imagine it will be the same way throughout the book). Will buy it soon.
This book is good on theory, but is weak on application and implementation.The book reads well, but when I try to apply or implement the described utilities the necessary details are not there.This book may work for a class where the tests are given as paper exams, but is weak if you are going to set up an actual machine.  Wondering about why this book would be this way I looked at the "About the Authors" section and discovered why:Evi Nemeth is retired and sailing her sailboat.Garth Snyder is now an MD.Trent R. Hein is running a company.I admire their accomplishments and wish them the best of luck.However, they have lost touch with Linux.  Linux is very dynamic and requires constant attention to keep up with.  It appears that they don't have time to stay in touch with Linux.  My guess is that they are cutting and pasting from their old books, and maybe have some cheap college students ghost writing for them.I recommend reading the Linux books by Negus, Sobell, and Jang.
I'm as curious as the next person & was enjoying the book until they began talking about the Big Bang Theory.  I am a Roman Catholic & I do NOT believe in that theory.  That alone was reason enough for me to stop reading this book.
There are, roughly speaking, three worlds of programmers: the enterprise world, the startup world, and the academic world. As its ridiculous subtitle suggests, these interviews are with stars of the enterprise world, where Java and heavyweight IDEs dominate. If you don't use Spring and Eclipse, then most of the chapters will feel irrelevant to you. Personally, I'm a refugee from the Java world moving toward Ruby and Python (the languages that reign supreme in the startup world). The most pertinent interviews were with Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas, the founders of The Pragmatic Progammers. They do fine work; I'd much rather read just about any of their books than this one.The overproduced design of this book is consistently annoying. Each interview is prefaced by a "Fact Sheet" about the rockstar programmer, with a baseball card-style breakdown of factoids. "Number of kids: Four." Uh, OK. Then the author places interjections throughout the chapter [and not just explanations on square brackets, though there are many of those] but also sidebars like: "Character attribute: Pragmatic, not excessive, optimizer." Ooookay. Why are you interrupting this interview to tell me that? It's as if the author expects me to go build a fantasy baseball team with these programmers. Then the book concludes with a totally superfluous interview with Weird Al Yankovic. Like the rest of the book, that interview doesn't know who its audience is: If you've never heard of Weird Al, it won't make you want to listen to him; and if you're already a fan, you won't learn anything new from it.But the real problem with this book is the lack of depth. Interviewing programmers in depth without getting mired in too much technical trivia is a big challenge.Masterminds of Programmingmakes the opposite mistake, producing interviews that are tediously low-level. The one book of interviews with programmers that I'd recommend is Peter Seibel's outstandingCoders at Work. If you really want to know how smart programmers go about solving hard problems, that's the book to read.
You know, I've been somewhat critical of Murakami in the past, but even if his writing did tend to become formulaic, I would never have anticipated that he was capable of writing something as bad as this.It seems to me that he was trying out a more overtly 'Japanese' type of writing than usual for him: there's none of the hyperkinetic jumpiness or gonzo plot twists that we find in much of his work; instead, we lots of vagueness, mystery, and emotional threads not fully explored.  I think he was trying to be Kawabata here (with the exception of the sex scenes, which, incongrously, made me think of Bukowski).  And I'm all for that, in theory: writers ought to stretch their wings.  But the reality is not pretty.  Make no mistake: Kawabata would not have won the Nobel Prize if he wrote things like this.The problem is the protagonist and narrator, who is a deeply unlikable person.  Obviously, that in itself isn't a literary judgment; nobody would condemn Lolita because Humbertx2 is on the despicable side (actually, somebody probably would.  I don't want to know about it).  But the fact is, Hajime is supposed to be sympathetic.  Don't argue with me!  He bloody IS!  Every positive reviewer on this website thinks so.  Not that I wouldn't be willing to concede that ninety-odd people could all be wrong, but they're not.  He is.  Murakami is working in overtime to try to create a sense of melancholy/regret/bittersweetness--all centered on his character.  Unfortunately, he appears to be teetering on the edge of narcissistic personality disorder.  All he does his entire life is hurt people.  Sure, he feels guilty now and then, but guilt without action is meaningless: it's just a way to make yourself feel better without ever actually having to change in any way.  Murakami's characters always have a certain degree of self-absorption, but ol' Hajime just takes the cake.  It was utterly impossible for me to sympathize with him in any way.  And the way his wife is willing to enable his pathology is simply stomache-turning, and creates the VERY strong impression that this is really nothing more than an unpleasant masturbatory fantasy.If you want subtle, lingering emotions of regret, read Kawabata.  If you want Murakami, read Wind-Up Sheep Dance Wonderland.  I can think of no good reason for you to read this misbegotten novel.
I am so confused - I finished this "biography" completely unsatisfied. Around page 150, I started to wonder when Crankshaw was going to actually start writing about Maria Theresa. This book is not a biography - it would more accurately be described as "The Times of Maria Theresa" because he spends more space on the wars, nobility, architecture, musicians and Joseph II than on Maria Theresa herself. I got the feeling that if it weren't for Joseph II and Marie Antoinette, he'd have written even less about Maria Theresa simply because there would have been no one to contrast her to (apparently with the exception of her eldest daughter and the son who took over the throne after she died, none of her other children were worth mentioning by name). Only two complete chapters (23 pages) are devoted to this woman; after this, it is not until the very last section of the book that what Maria Theresa accomplished during her reign comes to light (although there are plenty of hints).Out of 19 pictures/illustrations included, only three are of Maria Theresa and there is one partial family portrait. The only births that are specifically mentioned are Joseph II's and Marie Antoinette's. He eventually gets around to mentioning that out of 16 children, 12 survived - but only after his lengthy tangents on events and people before Maria Theresa was born and up to 200 years after she died. In fact, her children aren't even mentioned with any type of consistency until page 249 - which seems really odd considering how much time she spent pregnant. Considering that she spent the majority of her life trying to make sure her children were raised properly, one would think that more pages would have been devoted to such matters.This is the most disappointing biography I have ever read - and I've read quite a few. Had I known I'd be learning more about Austria before, during and after Maria Theresa's reign rather than about the woman behind the events, I would not have wasted my time reading this book. I have no clue how the other reviewers walked away from this "biography" happy with what they had learned about Maria Theresa - I feel that a lot was left out (although I don't know what because it wasn't included!). You get more biographical information inMarie Antoinette: The JourneyandQueen of Fashion: What Marie Antoinette Wore to the Revolutionthan in this monstrosity (there are probably other books, I just haven't read them yet).
This was very boring.  The dream scenes were particularly uninteresting.  I got over half way through the book and just could not go on.
This is my sons pursuasive essay for his advance language arts class. His assignment was to talk another classmate into reading this book. He has enjoyed this class and the other readings. I had to constantly remind him to finish this book."Sharon Creech is a Newberry Medal author, yet I can't recommend her book, Bloomability, to my classmates. She can't relate to American 6th grade students. It's the worst reading assignment I've had in 6th grade. I am so glad I'm done reading it.I would have like to read about technology and science instead of about the mountains and how beautiful and white they are.  The author uses many words from European languages which could be cool, but half the time, didn't explain the meaning of the words. It made it hard to concentrate on the story. I like books like the girl trilogy by Lauren Myracle. The girls talk about boys and secrets.The Language Arts Class had more choices of novels to read than Advanced. Doing so many assignments on the same boring book got old. I feel like I said the same thing over and over. Would the curriculum committee please consider giving the advanced students more choices for their module five novel."
It was suggested that I read this before a tour of England and Scotland.  Can't say i enjoyed it as I guess I don't get British humor.
It scared me more as a child, when I thought the story was true.  After discovering it was a hoax, the story's ability to frighten me lessened until now, I find the whole thing laughably silly.  And look what happenedto George and Kathy Lutz for all that!
I'm an avid reader...been so since a young kid. Heck, I even taught English for a while. Just don't want you thinking I'm some 10-year old who doesn't give a damn about books.I was lent a copy of this book by a colleague at work, saying that it was a "classic" and something all kids in the US had to read (I'm English - moved here a little under 4 years ago - so was fortunately spared reading this arduously long and boring book at school). I figured my kids would someday read it, so I thought "What the heck, I'll give it a shot."To say that it's the most insanely boring and pointless book I've ever read in my life would be an understatement. Aside from that, the style of writing is intensely annoying. Perhaps to give the "uninitiated" a taste of the style of this book, I'll try to imitate the part I found most annoying..."I was really bored with this goddam book. I really was. I know the girl who lent me the goddam thing meant well, but it bored me out of my mind. It really did. Forcing myself to read this brought me back to my school years, when I was forced to read "To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee. It was back in England, must've been the summer of '85. Man, it was hot. It really was. I remember thinking it had to have been as hot as in the story...."What does this show?1. The insane amount of pointless swearing that goes on in the book.2. The frustratingly annoying usage of the words "It really was." or "He really did." or "I really am." as a pointless reinforcement of what had been stated previously. The only thing this "writing style" (and I use that term liberally) reminds me of is back in school when someone would try to pad out their essays or stories with what we called "waffle" - pointless repetition to bump up word count. Period.3. The author is so apt to digress from a point it's just not funny. He'll be in the middle of a conversation, take you into a 2-page retrospective on some randomly connected incident or memory and bring you back into the conversation expecting you to have your interest still maintained.Some reviews of this book dub the main character of Holden Caulfield as "whiny", and yes, he is to an extent. More annoying is the author's constant effort to prove a point by dubbing everyone that the character encounters as "phony".There is no plot, there is no story line...although I guess you could say the story line is "the day in the life of a manic depressive, borderline paranoid teenager who was just expelled from school again".No character is endearing, no anecdote or memory is interesting. It's just a seemingly endless pile of drivel that I was counting down the pages to finish.Do I want my kids to be forced to read this? A resounding "NO" is an understatement. Make them read the stylish writing of Shakespeare or the evocative and captivating writing of Harper Lee in "To Kill A Mockingbird". Our kids have enough to deal with in this day and age...let's not burden them further by boring them to death. Inspire them, teach them, let them be creative, but forcing them to read this senseless drivel is nothing short of torture.
I'm going to be short & sweet.  This is very well-written & scary -- targeted directly at your religious prejudices and superstitions.  But it's so effectively written that it's clear someone was bucking for a movie or TV-series deal here.  It's a bit too neat, folks.  The incidents described are just too well-structured, dramatically speaking.  The pandering to the Catholic church and it's perspective is undoubtedly an attempt to gain their backing & blessing, too.  But now, is this all for real?  Da ya think its true?  Well, if you do then please let me try to sell you that parcel of land I own on the Big Island right below that active volacno.  While I do believe in spirits and evil entities, I am also a writer myself -- and in the incidents described here, one can easily see that "structured fiction" is branded all through it.
First of all let me say that "The Alexandria Quartet" was one of the most moving books I've ever read, when I read it years ago, and so I was looking forward to putting it on my Kindle to have it to read over what is promising to be a really hot summer here in Chicago (this book really reads well during hot weather, I think).Here's the problem. In the first page or three of the actual book, Durrell throws in a note. It is marked with an asterisk, and you have to turn to about the last page of the book to read the note. On the next page, Durrell does the same thing, an asterisk, and off you go to the back of the book again. There are around ten such notes in the first book "Justine". They are all on a page of notes and referenced by the page number on which the asterisk occurs. This is not a great way to do footnotes (end notes, really) but it works if there aren't a lot of them. However, whoever created this Kindle edition didn't make the footnotes active. DOH! AND there is no active table of contents. DOH! again! That means the reader is going to have to figure out by trial and error where the notes occur. Now, if you have bought each book seperately. This is a minor hassle (although I would argue there shouldn't be ANY hassle when you are paying full price for a Kindle book). You just use the menu to "go to the end" and then page backward until you hit the notes. BUT, if you have bought the one volume edition, does this approach still work? Or do you have to hunt for the one quarter mark of the whole thing and then hunt around some more to find the end of Justine, and then hunt around some more for the notes page? No way do I have time and patience for that.It may just be me, but it seems to me that if a publisher is going to charge almost $14.00 for a Kindle edition, they ought to make the table of contents active AND make the notes active. There is simply no excuse for not doing at least the latter thing.So, sadly, I have returned this (citing quality issues) and will simply read the quartet in paperback next time. Too bad!
I didn't want to read past the first chapter. I know, everyone says it gets better but even when I skipped ahead I still wasn't interested in the characters or story.Also, I hate it when characters are given the same name, especially when one is male and the other is female.
I find it hard to believe this book was written by the sameauthor as The Pelican Brief and The Firm.  This book, a storyof two sons summoned home by their dying father, is simplyboring.  Both sons are disappointments to their father andin life.  And the reader is given no reason to really likeeither one.Ray comes home to find his father dead and a hoard of cashhidden in the house.  He must decide whether or not to tellhis brother Forrest.  But there is more to Forrest thanRay knows.Perhaps John Grisham should reread his early works to remindhimself how good he used to be -
What is up with the lists of punk rock bands?? and all this 'let's get our kit off and have a romp' business?? we GET IT. Clare and Henry have alot of sex. can we talk about something else now. I hated their friends -- Gomez and his girlfriend (i can't even remember her name now. she was THAT superfluous as a character.) -- pseudointellectual yuppie types with no real depth or purpose. And then the untranslated German and French quotations and poems..why?? Okay okay you work in a library and read alot. Your wife makes paper. UGHHH. Book was also unnecessarily looong and plodding..did we really need to describe things in such painfully unbearable detail? The ending was also a bit of a let-down.In short, an interesting concept (i obviously bought into the hype) but i would be quite happy to sell this to someone else.
This hard mechanical tale has none of the warmth of a traditional Christmas story. It almost makes me wish for the generic Christmas clich&eacute;s. When the Kranks decide to skip Christmas, the retribution for their lack of conformity makes up 90% of the book.The story is set on a street called Hemlock, which is an accurate moniker for the poison people that live there. This horribly intrusive community is reminiscent of Stalinesque Russian with neighbors spying on each other and even reporting each other to the police when they get out of line. It's supposed to be done for comedic effect, but instead comes across as mirthless suburban tyranny.The Shields through most of the book are symptomatic of the festering evil of the neighborhood. The re-appearance of breast cancer in the Shields family is used as an obvious "heart-string pulling" device to evoke the holiday's "good will toward men" which is missing from the rest of the narrative.In the warm and fuzzy conclusion, the neighborhood pitches in to save Christmas for the Kranks. You can almost hear the neighbors tallying their markers and preparing their told-you-so comments for the coming year. Luther Krank gives a gift to a neighbor and says "no string attached." He'd best keep his own marker for the gift since the strings of all the neighbors are being weaved around him and his wife.The moral lesson of the book appears to be: conform and everyone will like you - but resist and you will be punished relentlessly. What a nice holiday message.
I was excited to get this book when I read the reviews and all. But, when I started going through the book, I found quite a lot of mistakes in general and especially in the labs. The writer seems to be British and has a different way of saying thing. It's like he is calling hacking as a new word for taking things apart and using the parts to build other things. I call that re-using scrap parts. Hacking to me is taking things apart to see how it works and then changing them a little bit to see what happens.I really wouldn't recommend this book.
A CLASSIC?I was a kid when this book was released, and now as an adult in the mental health profession I thought I'd see why it was so popular. Honestly, I couldn't get very far because he went on personal rants about his own opinions and personal experiences, similar to other stuffy psychs I know who can't get enough of hearing themselves talk.OUTDATEDHe proffers that many people are mentally ill due to factors such as the inability to delay gratification, which is associated with discipline. Maybe if I'd have read further in the book, he would have clarified that many severely mentally ill people are not simply unable to delay gratification, but their basic functioning in life is impacted by severe trauma or genetic problems showing as complex PTSD or schizophrenia, for example. (My bad if so, I just could not carry on.)When I consider particular people I know who suffer from severe and persistent mental illness, I find his attitude annoying. I am glad this book has resounded with people over the years; however, over 25 years later there's still an abundance of ill and dysfunctional people --and, our economy depends/thrives upon instant gratification as the norm. So I can agree that some people who are not successful in life lack discipline, don't take responsibility, and are not "dedicated to the truth". Just my opinion, but his view of the world doesn't inspire me.
I've read (with great discomfort) some articles by Mr. Tapscott. I think that they are twaddle. What prevents me from reviewing this or any other of his books is the daunting task of actually reading it.
Although absolutely concurring with the first review, I would like to add my own thoughts regarding this book:Bland.  Dry.  The reason I picked this book up was because it was a bloody New York Bestseller, and the critics were raving all about it.  Well guess what. I'm not raving about it.I've thought alot about giving this book such a low score but I'm sure of it:  this is only a mediocre book, definetely not worth the praise it got, and the only reason it was so popular was because it was written by Michael Crichton.Maybe the reason I didn't enjoy that much because it was placed in medieval times and medieval books GENERALLY TEND (Too bad italics can't be used on Amazon reviews!), to be boiled down, unsophisticated versions of fantasy books.And because fantasy is the main genre I read (yeah, i read other fiction like sidney sheldon, ann rice, etc), Timeline did nothing to entertain me.Deathsmith&quot;Books are good because they're always there for you, because they never go anywhere,&quot; Joel Gadica, 2001
I don't see what all the hype is about this book. I barely got thru it. If they make a movie of it starring Gerard Butler then I WILL happily go and see it!!! Not my favorite read that's for sure.
Like many other career books out there, this one presupposes you have tons of friends who are just waiting in the sidelines to roll over and give you a job. Interspersed throughout the book is a story of a neighbor/friend of the author who is trying to land a job. Right at the end of the book, she has an epiphany and realizes that she has known some excellent contacts all along, one of whom ends up giving her a job. It's ridiculous. First of all, how stupid is the woman that she didn't realize this from the start, but, more importantly, how stupid does the author think we are: if I had a bunch of high-placed friends who could give me a job, I wouldn't have bought this book in the first place.Utter, utter rubbish.
I didn't feel that this was his best work.  I liked the characters and the story line was great, but lacked in suspense until the 6th of 8 tapes.  Too much detail on mundane stuff.  Suspense picked up on Tape 6, but wasn't the same type of suspense like "PREY".  Enjoyed it, but would've liked more suspense.
I got this book in hopes that it would tell me something about diet and arthritis.  It is mostly about eliminating things from your diet, in order to isolate food alergies.In general, I was unimpressed with this book.  Other than advising that you be conscious of food alergies, it is little more than advice on healthy diet.  You can get that anywhere without paying $20."Eat your fruits and veggies."  There.  You've read the book.
I am surprised to see so many positive reviews here.  The books started off wonderfully, with an interesting protagonist and fabulous details of life in a small town in the 70s.  The murder and subsequent trial was also great, and the suspense that this all set up was good too.Then, the story pretty much stopped moving.  Grisham got into painful details - scenes that had almost nothing (and I'm being generous) to do with moving the plot.  I kept reading because I couldn't imagine he could do this... it had to pick up again somewhere, didn't it?Sadly, no.  The last few pages got back into the drama, but the story ended with a neat excuse for real closure.  Too simple, too convenient.Someone described this book as "literary."  I don't see it, sorry.  Grisham is one hell of a story-teller.  He's got a great imagination.  I imagine this is one of those books that "by contract" had to be finished according to some publisher's schedule.  Too bad.
Not worth the money or the time to read this one.  If you are looking for the path, it is not here.
Of course, the content of this book is excellent and deserves more than 5 stars. But the way this book has been printed and edited is very bad!! You clearly see that:---The person who did the editing of this book tried to cram the content of the book in as few pages as possible!! And it shows!!---Very small font size makes reading this book a pain.---No index!! Every book should have an index and this one especially. Even if it happens not to have one in the original edition.---Is this book the exact content, word for word, of the original edition of Joseph Murphy's "The power of your subconscious mind"? No where is it stated clearly! So, the content of this book could very well have been edited at several places like it is done in a few books with the same title and where it says "revised edition".The title "The Power of Your Subconscious Mind: Complete and Unabridged (Paperback)" simply is not sufficient to be sure that it is a word-for-word copy of the original of this title.For such an important, vital book, you want the exact wording of the author, nothing less.---No margins to write notes! In such an important book, it  is really vital to have wide margins or at least margins you can write notes on. Again, only to cut costs.---At the first page, it says: Printed in the United States. At the last page, it says: Printed in the UK by Lightning Source UK Ltd.Where was it printed? If I had seen that earlier, I would have sent back the book. I wanted a US edition, not a UK one (that are often worse in many ways, as they change original editions to make it British)!!!---Several errors demonstrate that the editing was done really badly.For all these reasons, I suggest that you try the recent new version with ISBN-10: 1578988411, it might be at least better edited and printed! I do not know this edition because I have not used this new version.One thing is sure and it is worth repeating. For such an important, vital book, you deserve to have the exact wording of the author, nothing else. So, try to make sure that the version you buy is really the original edition.I have this book but it is impossible to know if it is really an exact copy (word for word) of the original version of this book.If you know a version of this title for which there is an easy way to be 100% sure that it is an exact copy of the original, please leave a comment mentioning such a book. Thanks.
This book has basic financial information that can easily be found online for free.  I see no reason for anyone with access to the internet to purchase this book.  And anyone with rudimentary knowledge of finances would not need it in any event.
I guess thus was the height of hunmor at the time, but it gets pretty boring.  I cannot recommend it.
I loved As I Lay Dying and his other works. The stream of consciousness narration and time shifts don't bother me. The fact that several charachters have the same name is fine as is the unsympathetic nature of some of the characters. He uses dialect more skillfully than any other author. In his other books he uses these techniques to create vivid imagery of the south and of his characters.My problem was that to me, the story itself is unmomentous as the title would have you believe. For example, following a man on his last day of life was a great concept but Faulkner doesn't make you like him before that nor does he give him much motivation to commit the deed (I'm trying to avoid using spoilers). Benjy is great and the first chapter told much of the story, but it was downhill after that. Caddy was the most sympathetic character to me, but she is judged as immoral (in the context of that period in time, but still). After putting the effort into reading to the end I was angry that this was all there was to it after all the hype.Faulkner's presentation of human interpretation of time was perhaps the best aspect of the book. If life is sound and fury told by an idiot signifying nothing where was the sound and fury in the story?
I found it to be good.  Plot...good. Characters...good.  Setting...also good. Interesting dialogue...very good.  Ha!  Just kidding!  This book was mediocre at best, and completely boring at worst.  If you are an insomniac and looking to find some bedtime reading material to put you to sleep, this would be the one! ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
I only read this book because I was intrigued about all the gossip surrounding the movie and how the movie was changed.  I wanted to read the book to see how it actually ended.  It was a total disappointment.  The Clarice Starling in Silence of the Lambs and the Clarice Starling written in Hannibal are two total different characteracters.  Now I see why Jodie Foster didn't do the movie.One thing that I did enjoy about the book is that I found the movie was very close to the book, except the ending.
First, of all I didn't give it a one because its horrible, I gave it a one because Alvin Schwartz stories are REALLY creepy. And I agree with danny the illustrations are freaky, those alone would make me want to burn the book. And I've reached the college level age and I'm still affraid of those books! lol I have a very low tollerence for horror of any kind....... Some stories aren't that scary their just pretty weird folklore...Like the story of the WolfGirl in vol. 3. Or the Hog... Though Harold was a freakish story....the pictures are the main reason though... ::shivers:: college student and still afraid...lol
This is a book that in general, I've been looking forward to a long time.  Disease is vastly underrated as a causative factor in history in my opinion, and this was a book that had the potential to say a lot.  Unfortunately, it was so painfully obvious that the author was not a historian and had never really done much in depth research or thinking about quite a lot of what he expounded at length about that it was somewhat painful to read.When it comes to the diseases themselves, it's quite good and has lots of interesting information on them.  I've read a fair number of other books on epidemics, but I don't think any of them have covered the sources of the diseases and the path they take quite so well.  I found the section on the Indus Valley civilization and the way its water system was designed without any real regard to the possibility of infection, and the possible relation it had with the origin of cholera to be particularly fascinating.But a lot of the history was just incredibly ignorant.  Take the section on homosexuality and anal sex, possibly the most egregious both for the length and the simplicity of why it's wrong.  The author hypothesized at length that anal sex and the increased likelihood of infection is what made homosexuality taboo.  5 minutes research would have told him that most ancient gay men didn't really have anal sex because lube was either unavailable or needed too much as food.  I...really can't imagine how he could have done any research at all on ancient male homosexuality without coming across that information, and it makes me wonder what kind of errors he's making in the areas I don't know anything about.There's quite a lot of that kind of ignorance and frankly, offensiveness underlying a lot of the book.  He's very prone to dismissing hundreds of thousands of people dying as being good because it allowed Western civilization to thrive in the long run.  And...I think there were upsides at times.  In the long run, the Black Death almost certainly was part of what allowed the Enlightenment to happen due to the way it raised the value of labor and stopped the intermittent famines of the century or so before that.  But I found the tone of blithe content and "well, it generally turned out okay" he used for that and similar arguments to be pretty offensive.  Sometimes hundreds of thousands or millions of people dying has a silver lining.  It certainly has a noticeable effect on the path of human history.  That does not make it a good thing.  The entire time I was reading the book, I never quite got the feeling the author totally understood that.  It robs the book of most the depth it had the potential to have.
I tried really hard to get into this book.I love time travel books. I thought The Time Traveler's Wife was awesome.I could only get 1/2 way and that was a struggle.I tried to like this book but...I could not.I just do not want everyone to feel they "should" like this book.I can not imagine how people continue to read the many long length books in this series. Half of the first one was enough for me.
I spotted Murakami's books only recently, and was excited when it came onto our writing program's reading list. So I was pretty happy to be reading this book to begin with - which usually gets me all defensive about what I'm reading....But man! This book is utter nonsense. Magic realism? Hogwash.The writing has way too much exposition, and every character starts preaching philosophy on every second page. It's ridiculous. And the point of the whole story? Who knows? It's utter nonsense! The whole things is written to cater to American audiences (there's even a scene in which these so called Japanese people are going to dial 911)Complete waste of 12 dollars, and I won't be reading any more of Murakami's work again.
To prepare us for our merger with a much larger and FAR less efficient and FAR less customer-centered IT division our company bought a batch of these and gave them to us.Let me save you some time:  If your company screws up or screws you over and you care about your job just shut up and go along with it.There.  I saved you some money.  No thanks necessary.However, I was able to sell this and another similar book (unopened and also handed to us by my company) to Powell's and get a good book in return.
I could only make it through the first 4 chapters. I did not find the prose interesting, it was slow paced, and the heroine, was not likeable.  I went back to read the one and 2 star reviews and found I did not want to read anymore.  I love historical fiction but this one bored me to death.  Glad I did not order the sequel, on kindle.
I tried for weeks to read this book and still haven't finished it. It is just so so slow! Not sure I could finish...when I inquired about the movie 'Atonement' reviews were quite similar...Definitely not my cup of tea!
Again, I am only a chapter in and I hate the main character. WHAT? You say you hate Rabbit?? Pretty much. I don't like his whiny wife, who abandons her kid so she can buy a swim suit...on a vegetable peeler demonstrators' salary.  Am I too old? Too feminist? Or just not in the mood to read another novel about years of quiet desperation? Rabbit starts out reliving glory days on the basket ball court by beating a few kids at a pick up game...and it goes down hill from there.I know. It's John Updike!! I don't care. If I don't at least like or care what happens to the characters, I don't want to read it. If you are like me, you won't want to read this either.:(
This review is for the original 1963 edition.  The version currently available for sale has a completely revised text and new illustrations by a different artist.  I haven't seen the new edition but honestly can see why this was changed as it doesn't do anything for me.  The text is quite boring, simply telling what different forest animals do in the winter.  Each page moving onto another animal.  The illustration is quite ugly done in two colours brown and black.  The animals are sketched in pencil/ink and are very detailed and life-like but then the backgrounds done probably in charcoal or chalk are very scribbly and plain; the cover illustration is not representative at all!  So when all is said in done the only thing I liked was the animal sketches so I won't be keeping this one for my collection.  There is that rare occassion when an update can't do worse than the original.
This book is nothing but a waste of money and energy, and of course, the most precious of all, time. I hate to say this about a book, but yes, that's what it is. I should have never read this at all... I should have read a better book instead of punishing myself with this garbage (I'm so sorry to be blunt).If I could only give this book zero stars I would have done so (that's how bad it is), but since 1 star is the lowest, then one it is. Of course, I wouldn't give this book a VERY low rating without a reason, so here they are:1. It's NOT (or should I say, NEVER) exciting.2. The conflict is obscure and shallow. I don't even believe there's a real conflict out there.3. The characters are not at all realistic. They are very childish, and Katie (Tom's girlfriend) was a very shallow girl that she's afraid that she would lose Tom to a stupid book. What a freak she was! I hate the authors for making the only girl (as far as I know, she's the only girl who has a "role" here) in this novel look so stupid in everyone's eyes.4. I hate how the book's characters are (almost) all males. It was just dull, and it didn't trigger any excitement. Reading about their lives was truly boring.5. I am not against non-linear chronology, in fact I think it's cool. The thing is, the authors DON'T know how to write non-linear chronology properly. It was VERY confusing, and sometimes irrelevant to the story you could have taken that particular part out.6. The climax was... okay, I'm not even going to call it a climax!7. Very lame ending. VERY, VERY LAME. No conflict was resolved.8. The plot is not well-crafted. It's always beating around the bush. I know of people who can write a lot better.9. Very long for a stupid story. I struggled as I read it. For books of this genre, it would usually take me two and a half days to finish. Since this one is really, really bad that I didn't feel like finishing it at all, it took me 4-5 days to finish. I'm glad I finished it! I thought I would give up. It was like a perpetual punishment.10. It was hard to keep myself awake while reading. I fell asleep thrice.I also learned that every event that is written in a piece should develop the characters, and that from these events we should be learning more about them to make us interested in them. Well, the authors obviously failed us. The characters were very one-dimensional; they just didn't come out alive. They are of no substance. At all! If they wished this novel to be at least realistic, they should have done more research about the ancient book that this story is about. And that should be accompanied by talent. I'm so sorry, I didn't see any talent in this work! If filling a paper full of words that are not well-thought is a talent, then they are very talented.I would never EVER recommend this book to any of my friends if I consider them special.
From the very first paragraph, you know this book is going to be depressing. What you don't know is that it's going to be a headache to get through. Each character is shallow and has the Shakespearian-quality of making ridiculously rash decisions inevitably leading to tragic consequences. I especially found the author's attempts to mesh the Persian culture in every other sentence irritating. What bothered me the most about this novel, however, was that I felt no empathy for a single character --save for the Colonel's son--a character who was kept far in the background. The narratives were too drawn-out and ridiculously infused with self-pity. Throughout the novel, I began to despise the characters more and more, and by the action-laden end (strange because the rest of the novel took so long to pick up), I felt totally disappointed. I had expected so much more from this book because the idea was brilliant.
o.k., o.k., o.k....I know I should have read the fine print.  But as a huge fan of the book, I was VERY disappointed to learn that the audio book is an abridged version.And in my opinion, VERY abridged.Too bad the whole book isn't on audio, as it would make a great car ride listen.I agree with another reviewer that it takes a few reads to take in this great piece of work.  But when the whole thing isn't on audio...it obviously doesn't matter if you listen several times or not, because a bunch of the good stuff is missing!But as far as the book goes...highly recommended.
This book should have been titled, Thinking About Skipping Christmas, or something to that effect.  Anyone, like myself, who is reading this book for some kind of statement about the commercialization and exploitation of the holiday, should look elsewhere because it just isn't going to happen here...although every indication is given that that is what this book is about, including the title.There are a lot of comparisions to It's A Wonderful Life, but at least IAWL gave you a plausible reason for the sappily happy ending.  No such luck with this one.  Something happens, which is revealed by other reviewers, and everything the story has been building up to for the entire first half of the book goes out the window.Aside from the main character, who apparently is married to some twisted version of Peg Bundy, there is no one in this story, in terms of characters, that is really portrayed as having any redeemable qualities.  There is a gluttony of neighbors that would make the Hatfields and McCoys cringe.Do yourself a favor, reread A Christmas Carol or The Christmas Box, rather than investing the 2 hours it takes to read this terrible excuse for a Christmas book.  The only thing worse than the book is the fact that it nearly costs the same a regularbook I could have bought.
This was my first encounter with this author. He bores me to death. You might love him. I couldn't get past the first two parts of the trilogy. Then again, I could never get through any of Garcia Marquez's books, so what do I know? I think it comes down to a matter of tastes.
Like others I found this text weirdly self-contradictory, actually at times unbelievably silly.  After arguing earnestly at some length for the benefits of intellectual humility and dangers of egocentric thinking, the authors feel themselves qualified to devote a chapter to the relative merits of what they call "professional knowledge."  It turns out that professional knowledge is the academic study of, oh, history and sociology and philosophy and literature and the fine arts. Presumably they mean all study of all history and sociology and philosophy and literature and the fine arts everywhere.  The authors fault these disciplines for not matching up to their promises, or what are termed ideals.  How the authors know that these are the ideals of the disciplines is never explained, though they do sound quite bizarre. So too do a series of wild generalizations on how "most people" don't like the arts very much.  Have Paul and Elder never read the New York Times book review?It's as if some inner crank who has been waiting for two hundred pages to get out has suddenly escaped.  This is a shame, as the authors are quite good at explaining what critical thinking is and why it's important.  They just don't always practice it themselves.
John Grisham's books tend to be easy to read.  Unfortunately, his latest books do not live up to &quot;The Firm&quot; or &quot;The Client.&quot; The plot of &quot;The Last Juror&quot; was so simple that it didn't take a rocket scientist to guess what would happen next.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing, but this story line left you feeling unsatisified.  I compare it to going to a great restaurant and not getting enough to eat.  After plowing through 355 pages, you are left with a &quot;is that it?&quot; reaction. The ending wasn't enough to make you feel full when you left the table.
I bailed halfway through this novel: if this is gay fiction, the hell with it. Though there are plenty of laugh lines and clever phrases, it's just a cheesy cartoon; you don't care about a single character; and the experience of reading quickly becomes tedious. We'll see if his other two novels are any more substantial. Comedy, by itself, is not enough. The author is called the gay Wodehouse, but Wodehouse bores me, too.
This book got my attention after I saw Alan Greenspan had commented on it on the back cover. Surprised at first as he rarely recommends books publicly, I decided to check into it. Sadly, the book was terrible. It is very convoluted and difficult to understand and didn't not present any non-elementary insight. Mohamed's book reminds me of a prof I had in college who would love to use big words but say absolutely nothing. Nothing is new here.Basically Mohamed El-Erian is a Oxford graduate turned PhD who late in his career entered the Investment Management game(he freely admits that). He managed the Harvard University's endowment fund and then recently quit and moved to the bonds management company PIMCO as a Co-CEO (seriously, who still thinks Co-CEO is a good idea). I suspect all of those people on the Back Cover who reviewed his book are his buddies from Harvard or PIMCO and probably everywhere else he works, knows, or pays. Even Alan Greenspan who now consults for PIMCO. I am willing to wager Mr Greenspan never even read his book but got paid a lot of money for "consulting" with PIMCO and now recommends the book of they guy who is paying his salary. Boy, Alan was a good economist. His book was excellent...This book should really be titled "When I wrote a book to impress my Harvard colleagues: Nothing new but noone will know because noone can understand it, sucka"
I don't normally like to say this about a book, but in this case it is totally warranted. This book sucked. For starters, it was very obvious that the author was trying to be very Catcher in the Rye with this novel. I don't care for copycats.Second, the entire novel is about a bunch of over-privileged teenagers who do nothing but get high and whine. I hated every single character in this boo, particularly the narrator, Clay.When I closed the covers of this book, I was relieved to be finished but I couldn't help but wonder two things. How in the world did this get published and why do so many people think this is such an amazing novel?I wouldn't recommend this book to my worst enemy, if I had one. Stay away.
This is just another book amoung many that is long on talk and short on &#34;walk&#34;.Stories abound that push my sense of belief to the max.  &#34;A knife was literally held to my throat&#34;.  Seriously?  And you came back the next day?  To a job where you would be PHYSICALLY THREATENED over job assignments?Yet a few pages later, you're spewing powdered doughnut over your blue suit, having climbed the corporate ranks by:a. p*ssing off everyone, including your bossb. walking out on assignments (but not the job).c. not doing your job well. (This incident I'm referring to is when you threatened to fire someone as option 3)Speaking of firing someone, how is it that you didn't catch heck for the incident?  If it was important enough to tell someone you were ready to fire them, it MUST have been something important, yet you are merely disappointed in the fact that you didn't follow up on the matter.Didn't anyone chew you out?Al in all, it feels like another *management* book.  A lot of pages of 'blah-blah', and not many moments of 'ah-hah !'.
A retelling of the Arthurian legends which takes into account the nature of British paganism and its interaction with Christianity, and shows how this may have worked itself out in the Arthur stories themselves, would be a great thing.  Unfortunately this is not it.  The simplistic cliches and stereotypes which clutter this book make quite clear that anyone wishing imaginatively to enter the mind of British late antiquity should look elsewhere.  The conversations and social interactions sound, mutatis mutandis, as if they are coming out of a 1950s cocktail party.  When I mentioned this to a lover of this book she said "do you think it was any different back then?"  That in a nutshell shows the type of person to whom this book is likely to appeal: someone who regards history as having been century after century of more or less the same thing, at least until 1964.  I certainly do not expect or want archeological and anthropological accuracy from a fantasy, but I would like some sense that Arthurian Britain was a different place, and its people had different concerns, than those of a suburban college.  Maybe someday we'll get the Arthur we deserve; until then let's stick with Mallory.
Perhaps I missed somthing but I could not read this. This book caught my attention a few times but lost my attention before the end. Long and not worth the time.After hearing more rave reviews I revisited my review of Cutting for Stone and the reviews of others.Thank you to the other reviewers who did NOT get this book ( 1- 3 stars).Story drags on ....
This book was a waste of my time and an insult to the intelligence of anyone over 8 years old, or 69 IQ points.  Fortunately, it only wasted 30 minutes of my time, as it is so short it should rightfully be called a tract. A warning to employers: This book will not endear you to your staff! If you liken your employees to mice, they will return the favor, and liken you to a rat.
The first time I read this book/series I thought it believable an exciting.Now, 10 years after original publication, the action, dialogue and story seem far fetched and completely unbelievable.From Claire's seeming lack of remorse that she is apart from her husband, to her and Jaime being 'hero's of their world' the story falls apart on to many levels
I am so sorry I bought this book. It does not contain anything new. There are better books on the subject. Save your money for better authors!
This book has some interesting information but becomes quite boring. It tells of every subject and person she ever knew.  It's almost a diary day by day. Too much information.
This is a very small and not overly challenging book with a simplistic message. Underneath the fable of the mice and the men, Johnson is dealing with change: how change can come with little warning, how different people react differently to change, how people prefer to be snug and safe and therefore fear change. The cheese here is an allegory for whatever you may value, be it money, relationships, even just cheese! What happens when your cheese suddenly vanishes and you cannot seem to get it? Do you sit and wait in the hope it will return? Do you try to find out what happened and thereby get hold of some more cheese? The book has a message so do not get put off by the fable format. What seems to be obvious and common sense is not always so in real life and sometimes a silly fable helps like a poke in the ribs. Worth a read but I find the bestseller rankings hard to believe!
This is the lousiest TY book I've seen. If you like to learn things parrot fashion then this book may help you a little bit, but if you're an intelligent curious adult (that's the usual reader of TY books) then this book is USELESS. Things are thrown at your face from the word go without any explanation at all. There are virtually no grammar notes. It's the first TY book that doesn't even list the present tense of the verb to "BE," an important verb in Welsh at the beginning; You have to wait until lesson 4. There are differences between written and spoken Welsh; this is not mentioned here; there are differences between Northern and Southern Welsh; this is not mentioned here either. The glossary at the end of the book is a big joke: it doesn't even list words used in the dialogues. Try to look for the words for "he" or "she" there. The exercises are rather idiotic: after telling you the forms for "good morning, evening, afternoon" the author gives you a long exercise asking you what you'd say at 1pm, 3pm, 4pm... . In dialogue 1 of unit 1 there's a sentence "Peidiwch  bod yn nerfus" translated as "Don't be nervous". You can clearly see that it's a totally different structure. Nothing is mentioned about it. No even to say that it'd be discussed later.I'd suggest you'd try to buy an older version of TY Welsh by another author (Rhys Jones), which is not modernish but at least it's better designed. Julie Brake and Christine Jones, according to the back cover, teach Welsh in Wales. I pity their poor unlucky students and doubt they'll ever learn something from these lousy teachers.
This book, vulgar and pointless is the tribulations of a cult, lying, thieving character that is neither lovable, understandable, or realistic. Possibly the worst novel of all time because it doesn't ever focus on realism and doesn't hold a message that makes sense. It is perverse and disgusting, unfulfilling and cheap. The biggest failure of the chronicles of Tender Branson is that Palahniuk tried to write a 'great novel' with a realist style that only offended and lacked everything needed to produce a coherent product.
Having read hard copies of some of Karen's books, I had no problem about buying a couple of cheap ebooks by this author. This particular book was very strange, admittedly, but it was not a good book to read. Too awful a character, and too awful a plot. Not at all my kind of read!
Stephen Straus' description of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome doesn't seem to fit any of the published studies, or at best is very outdated. I would welcome an up to date chapter including references to research on the role of immune dysfunction, HPA axis disruption, heart abnormalities, oxidative stress, gene expression etc. in this disease.
I wrote a bad review of this book 2 years ago, and can not find it here... it is one of the WORST reference books I have seen. I ended up selling mine as "used" here on Amazon! The glowing reviews must be from spam-reviewers or students/people who just don't use C++ except as a better C. C++ it large and complex, and only a fraction of it is covered in this "reference". Today I found "C++ In a Nutshell" which is finally the real C++ Reference. Ignore all others. (I do like Shildt's Java books, this is bad editing, formatting, or a half-hearted effort.)
Still reading it. But it's very hard to read. But I'm sure it's a great novel if i were smarter.
This book is a horrible book.  It did not live up to expectations considering how good silence of the lambs was.  If you have not read this book and you enjoyed silence of the lambs then I suggest you pass on this book.
Retail for this nursery rhyme is around $....  Give me strength. It's a nice motivational piece that you can read in an hour, but my advice is to let somebody else pay for it as I did.
In this lightweight story, Nora and Luther Krank's daughter has left home to join the Peace Corps, so they decide to do without all the fuss that goes along with celebrating Christmas and go on a relaxing cruise instead.  Their decision is met with disbelief, curiosity, and even hostility by their neighbors, who always decorate their homes alike and can't understand the Krank's decision to opt-out of the usual lights, tree, cards, parties, and gifts.  The Kranks are firm in their resolve, however, and are eagerly anticipating their Caribbean vacation, when their daughter arrives on Christmas Eve (complete with a new finance) expecting all the usual trimmings. What are they going to do - go on the cruise as planned or run around like mad people fixing up the house for Christmas?  Well, of course, we all know the answer to that one.This story is so predictable and corny that I was amazed John Grisham wrote it.  It can easily be read in one sitting and has absolutely no surprises or drama or honest emotion.  The humor is only mildly amusing at best, and the book reads like a half-hour sit-com script, full of pratfalls, non-stop, manic action, and stereotypical characters we don't really like or care about.  While many reviewers clearly enjoyed "Skipping Christmas," I found it a silly book.Kona
Disclosure:  I'm a big fan of John Grisham - A Time to Kill, The Firm and The Testament being my favorites.  And I adore &quot;slice of life&quot; books; so it was with great expectation that I looked forward to reading this new one of Grisham's.  His dialogue is believable and engaging, as usual.  His characters are well drawn, as usual.  He writes about important stuff:  family ties, honor, integrity, truthfulness, wisdom, youth, and hard work.  But, notwithstanding all these great elements, to me this book lacked &quot;ummph.&quot;  The story line was slow paced and uncompelling - I kept wondering when the plot was going to kick in.  This just wasn't one of Grisham's best works, in my humble opinion...
Its genre undefined between suspense and &quot;customs and manners&quot;, fails as both. Boring, boring, boring. Nothing happens. French ending. Avoid this one
1.) The book is based upon a release candidate and not the final release of Joomla 1.5.x which at times creates confusion.2.) The illustrations in the book that you are supposed to refer to to make sure you are configuring things correctly are too small to make out without a powerful hand lens and thus about useless.3.) The template for chapter 10 if you DL it from Joomla Shack is not the template that he uses. That alone cost me over 10 hours of frustration.4.)Lastly the author refers you to his web site on many occasions and when you get there you can't find what he send you there for, just a lot of shameless self promotion and little substance.5.)The book site is hard to find I was 3/4 through the book before I finally found it listed on the site mentioned in the book. Then when you finally get to the book site you have 2 levels of hoops to jump through to get the SQL data base for the site in chapter 10! Then when you get the DB the password is hidden on the from page of the site instead of in documentation. This cost me a few hours too.6.) On page one of the book tech authors should have you register online so that they can email you up to date corrections to save you tons of wasted time.This book reinforces my belief that there are 2 kinds of documentation(books) for software. Either there is NO documentation or there is POOR documentation. I think the whole paradigm has to change for tech books. Perhaps they should all be printed on demand or electronic with the user printing them so that they can updated continually.
At other times, "Do You Matter" is like reading a magazine article. Interesting pop psychology 'case studies' hook the reader's interest, but offer very little meat.At other times, the book reads like promotional literature for Apple. Even though I'm a recent --- and quite satisfied -- convert to the Apple fold I found the constant lauding of Apple to grow a bit wearisome.So ... we get:Apple is great.Shopping at Home Depot sucks.IKEA is cool.The customer's emotional experience is what matters.Little new there.These ideas were covered far more effectively years ago by Paco Underhill's classicWhy We Buy: The Science Of Shopping. (A must read, if you're interested in these matter.)I was hoping that the author's would dive more deeply into the deconstruction of the successful elements of design, but they preferred to stay at the shallow end of the pool, going from product to product to product.As an entrepreneur, I do grow very weary of 'experts' holding up Apple computers, Starbucks, IKEA, etc. as the sine qua non of entrepreneurial success (which is easy) ... with little explanation of how the business practices of the "big boys" can effectively be scaled down to the small business level (which is far harder).I'm a big fan of recognizing the customer's emotional experience. In fact, I consult with companies around that very process. I've written books on the importance of emotional intelligence in business:Leading People the Black Belt Way: Conquering the Five Core Problems Facing Leaders Today.While I appreciate the authors' willingess to discuss the emotional experience of customers, I think they missed the boat. For example, he authors bring up one of the keys to emotionally intelligent customer interactions: dialog (p. 106), but then proceed to immediately ignore the term. ("Dialog" isn't even listed in the book's appendix.)Finally, in the service of having a dialog with the publisher and authors: the design of the book itself made crazy! The aesthetically unappealing layout combined with huge margins (resulting in a thicker, more 'meaty' appearing book) left me cold. If you're going to discuss the importance of design, at least walk your talk a little.I'd suggest skipping this book.
Any book on trading markets - especially one that is focused on "art of technical analysis" must explain very fundamental components of ANY trading system - entry/exit points, risk/reward metrics, position sizes, correlation with other instruments in portfolio. This book provides none of the above for the famed Lindsay approach the author is basing this book on.The book does provide a "method" that seems to be based on 36/40/56 year cycles (I really would like to stick around to collect 6 or more datapoints based on this approach myself to get any meaningful result - but Nature may have some other plans). Relying on a very few "correct" calls and then extrapolating it as an accurate system is misleading. If not for the sheer illogical nature of that approach, this would be a comical read.The problem of the book is not that it is not applicable to the current markets  where high volatility and 400-500 point swings on the DJIA are the norm. The problem of the book is neither Lindsay's system - assuming one existed. The real problem of the book is the flawed attempt to explain something after admitting the proponent never documented it - and then expecting readers to interpret this book as a "trading system".One star for attempting to write a book on a system that supposedly existed, but my author's own admission, "...took it to the grave..". How convenient. Second star for all the glowing reviews (mostly the only one they have written) and the author's public reactions to the critical reviews.
I just a read a short story of his in the latest New Yorker and was reminded of this book, and it struck me how much he hasn't changed in 20 years. Fist of all academics writing about academics is as bad as writers writing a book about a writer writing a book. In general the book is condescending, obvious with characters who I had absolutely no interest in.
As a young reader, Michael Crichton was my first taste of adult fare.  I was eight when I read `Jurassic Park' (or there abouts) and I went right into `The Andromeda Strain' and then `Congo' and then `Sphere' and so on.  My father would read them ahead of me, marking out all the curse words and leaving me with hallowed out paragraphs, but it didn't matter.  I loved reading these deeply structured science fiction novels that spouted off jargon I couldn't understand and featured dinosaurs ripping people to pieces.  It was exciting.  In my adulthood, I've pretty much abandoned Crichton's novels.  The last novel of his I read was `Timeline', when I was seventeen, and I realized that what was once exciting and challenging in my youth has become somewhat cringe-worthy in my adulthood.Crichton's novels, while certainly not directed at young adults (what, with all the sex, violence and language) are written like they are.My issue with `Disclosure', and really most of Crichton's work, is that he wrote in a very childish way, especially when he was mapping out sections of dialog.  These characters talk in a very ridiculous way and fail to communicate in a productive manner.  Let's forego the fact that Crichton likes to talk circles around the reader's head with his techno-babble.  I'm talking about the way his characters say hello to one another.  In `Disclosure' we have a character named Max who speaks in such a way I wanted to punch him in the face every time he was on the page.  There is nothing wrong with giving your characters a personality.  I encourage that.  There is even place in these stories for characters who are annoying, but there is a limit.  Then we have the relationship with Tom and his wife and that ridiculous obscenity laced lunch conversation about the harassment issue.  Who talks to each other like that?  Is that normal?  I'm sorry, I fight with my wife a lot, but if we even had a scream fit like that, especially in public, I think I'd be filing for divorce.  I'm not sure if Crichton was trying to make it melodramatic or something, but it left all believability at that point.Regardless of my problems with Crichton's writing style itself, it shouldn't be ignored that Crichton writes books that are easy to read.  Yes, despite the paragraphs bogged down by technical phrased and descriptions that no one understands, his books are breezy reads.  `Disclosure' took me two days to read.  Once I got to page 150 or so the book just took off in my hands and I found myself pulled into the story deeper and deeper, mostly because I really wanted to see how this was going to pan out.  I was interested.  The story being told was intriguing and the twists that Crichton worked in were compelling.  I found his constant dissection of Tom's thinking process to be annoying, if we're going to be honest.  The fact that Michael kept TELLING US OVER AND OVER that Tom was trying so hard to think back about what he had forgotten became redundant and made Tom appear stupid in parts because it was so obvious.  I mean, how he forgot about a certain incident between he and Meredith was kind of ridiculous.You don't forget something like that.But, I regress, I think the biggest issue with a book like `Disclosure' is that it ultimately comes across extremely sexist and doesn't ever develop the themes it is trying to develop, at least not in a direct sense.  There is certain talk about equality, but it is done in such an overbearing way (I mean, it comes up in nearly EVERY conversation, which makes no sense and feels staged) that it fails to really make an impact.  The actions of the primary woman are despicable, and the actions of the men in her corner are just as despicable, making their particular stance on equality corrupt.It almost feels like a book against equality.So, yeah, this isn't very good despite being very readable, if that makes any sense.
I bought this book after reading the 5* reviews here on Amazon and after reading the first (introduction) chapter of the book. There are not that many books out there on using fundamental anaylysis to base your trades on. There are the classical works from Benjamin Graham and some more popular works like Phil Town's book. This book doesn't reach the quality of those two books. The parts on fundamental analysis are not that elaborated, and these authors go look in places I wouldn't use immediatly to base my trading decisions on.Some parts are kind of good, like using the DSO and DSI numbers and monitoring their change. What I didn't like though on these chapters are the links to a stock graph. Several times the autors point out a fundamental change in the inventories or the cashflow and two pages later you'll see a stock immediatly rising or declining as if it was a direct consequence of the change these autors write about. They can't possibly know if the stock movement was due to the fundamentals or just random noise or some macro economic event.For the chapters on fundamentals I could still give a 3*, but the later chapters on technical analysis and stock charts are way to basic. It they'd just let these chapters out the book would have been better. It's just a series of stock charts (from investors.com and CANSLIM related websites) with basic TA stuff (determine the trend by looking at the chart, 50 day moving averages, ...).Two stars is my total score for this book.
The product description says there are "107 bite-size, easy-to-use rules for making money". "Bite size" is correct; almost no "chapter" is more than 2 pages. It's written in a very chatty style, as though someone were giving a talk. However, the author makes very judicious use of footnotes to voice his opinions; as an example, in discussing discovering beliefs about money, Templar mentions "can't have money and be "spiritually pure."** ** Whatever that means."The author also contradicts himself about the ease of these steps when he says "[w]e have to live and breathe and sleep (yes, bearing in mind Rule 13) money. We have to study hard at the University of Wealth if we want to graduate...MAY HAVE TO CHOOSE--MONEY OR FRIVOLITY?" For most Americans, adding wealth is about choosing which frivolities we're willing to forgo in order to add to the nest egg.The author comments on how someone should handle having money "We've all seen those who come into money too suddenly and flaunt the fact that they have loads, and we all think "God, how tacky." I know we shouldn't sit in judgment on others but I do find my toes curl at...no, I can't say in case you've got one." There are random comments like this that are not very helpful.And then, oddly, at the very end of the book, "However, if you intend to gain prosperity, you should get on with it, believe in it, follow it, give 100 percent to it, and not listen to others. Including me. Especially me. Good luck." which left this reader with a W.T.F open mouth. Seriously, you just wrote a book about how to accumulate wealth and then negate it with "but don't listen to me"?????????????!!!Rich Man, Poor Man is a much more concise version of the concepts in this book, and Dave Ramsey's plans are much easier to follow. If you have never looked at considering how to build wealth and like listening to the ramblings of your crazy Uncle Richard, it might be worth a read. However, there are much better strategy guides out there.
I cannot fathom how people praise this book.  I can sort of understand that in 1926 almost all Americans had never been to or seen Spain and maybe were fascinated by the accounts of the running of the bulls in Pamplona.Other than that, this book is terrible.  Boring descriptions of how much people drank and what they ate.  As another reviewer put it, "If you took out the descriptions of drinking, eating, hotels, and the towns you're left with perhaps 50 pages.Hemmingway does this in A Farewell to Arms also, but at least that book is interesting.  This book is just downright boring.I guess anyone can win a Nobel prize in literature.
The reasons I loathe this book (and the series... this is a series review).. the brutality, perversion, and ultimately... !SPOILER ahead! The brutal homosexual rape of the main character. Not only the rape, but the very graphic description of the process (it was written as if the man who raped Jamie loved him in a sick, twisted, and psychotic way). Jamie never really mentally recovers throughout these books from this experience. Not only that, but the fact that Jamie cooperated in the way that he did.. out of "honor"?! The reason Jamie cooperates with the abuse is because he promised to allow this man to use him sexually in exchange for Claire's life... (the man held a knife to Claire's throat after shattering Jamie's hand with a mallet during a botched attempt to rescue Jamie from prison). It was depraved. I would have found a way to break the man's neck or went "Lorena Bobbitt" on his a$$ before I submitted to sexual abuse! Jamie is constantly referred to as a large man, he could have overtaken this guy easily even after being battered... I don't get it. I still continued to read the rest of this series regardless because the writing was very good and I wanted to see these characters redeemed somehow. The twists and turns were what drew me in, but the adultery and complete disregard for one another (between Jamie and Claire) got to be too much. The relationship became so tainted it became irreparable. Claire abandons Jamie (for 20 years!), Jamie abandons Claire after she almost dies losing their baby (his fault), Jamie beats Claire with a belt and enjoys it sexually, Claire cheats on Jamie with a man who has been in love with Jamie his entire life (almost immediately) after Jamie supposedly dies in a shipwreck (some of these things happened later in the series)... but the list goes on and on and on. I was devastated as I realized how much time I wasted after I finally realized there would be no going "up-hill". I tried to tell myself that life was difficult back then and that maybe the author was trying to make the books authentic, but I ended up feeling cheated myself when I realized Jamie and Claire's story was really a tragedy, and I wish I had never read Outlander to begin with.
In response to another reviewer asking if this book was as insipid and screamingly obvious as it appeared, YES, it is. With the big movie coming out, I picked the book up out of curiousity and read it cover to cover. Boy, did it READ like a movie too, and I could see the ending walking up Hemlock Street. The only other Grisham I've read was "A Painted House," which seems immensely more entertaining, plausable, interesting when compared to this piece of detritus. If you're looking for a book that panders to the materialistic suburbanite crowd, and you can't get into the books that Oprah and The Today Show tell you to read, this is for you.
A collection of memories from an emotionally abused child in Texas; not funny, not insightful, nothing to be gained from plodding through endless pages. I read half the book, skipped through the rest and was very glad I threw it away and stopped wasting time attempting to glean some insights from it.
The author begins by apologizing for using the term, breakthrough. All right, let's use discovery instead. Thus, he promises to describe the ten greatest discoveries in medicine. He gives us Hippocrates, sanitation, germs (I think he means bacteria and viruses.), anesthesia, X-rays, vaccines, antibiotics, DNA structure, and neuromedicine. Those comprise nine of the ten discoveries that he regards as the greatest, and he describes them in an interesting fashion. Then, he spoils the book by claiming that "alternative medicine" is the latest, great discovery. This is nonsense. Medicine is based on facts obtained by careful, scientific research that is supported by huge amounts of evidence. It has prevented or cured many diseases, and has raised our life expectancy from about 25 in 1800 to 78 in 2000. Today, it continues to raise life expectancy. Alternative medicine is not based on facts obtained by scientific research. It is based on nothing but wishful thinking. If an alternative treatment is proven by scientific evidence to be effective, it becomes part of medical practice, but this has seldom happened. More likely, rigorous testing shows that it is ineffective. This book is cheapened by inclusion of alternative medicine with real advances in medicine.
Partway into "Better Than Life," Rimmer is shot and killed by police officers. Actually, Rimmer's body was under the control of a serial killer at the time, so Rimmer is technically still alive, albeit as a prostitute called Trixie. This is however in a video game. In reality, Rimmer is already dead and exists as a hologram. So there's nothing actually at stake for him, in both the video game and in reality.Confusing? Yup. Contrived? Yeah. Completely pointless? Definitely. Unfortunately, that's the way BTL, the second book in the Red Dwarf series, mostly goes. "Better Than Life" begins painted into a corner by its predecessor, "Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers." At the end of IFWCD, Lister realized that the Cat, Rimmer, and himself were stuck in a computer game that would eventually result in their deaths. BTL continues the boys' adventures within the video game. Bad move. The fantasies are funny at first, but Lister's quaint little town is boring, and Rimmer's never-ending party never ends. You'd be surprised how quickly public displays of drunkenness get old. The Rimmer/Lister dynamic that that makes Red Dwarf so amusing is completely absent since the two don't even interact until over one hundred pages into the book. When they eventually escape the game, their way of getting out is so contrived and longwinded that you're tempted to give up the book before it's even begun.Once the crew does get back on track, the book falters again. The text frequently reads as if the writers didn't know how to get from A to C, so they copied and pasted B from one of the TV scripts. What's more, by the time they ford the black hole and bring on the Polymorph, the writing reads like stage direction. Grant and Naylor must have been facing deadline because everything is glossed over. By this point in the book, the reader wants to get to the good stuff just as much as the writers do. Unfortunately, most of the novel is already over.But to make up for the dismal beginning and halfhearted midsection, BTL winds down with a truly terrific ending. It's something unexpected, and unexpectedly touching. I won't give it away, but it involves ashes and a hyperintelligent Holly. I can't recommend this book because it's lazily written, hastily plotted, and generally a disappointment. But its cliffhanger is continued by the next novel in the series, which makes it somewhat essential reading to the trilogy. So borrow this book. Read the ending. Then read Rob Grant's "Backwards." Things get better.
I thought this skimpy little volume pretty good until it utterly broke down when the Kranks could not tell their 23-year-old daughter about the cruise.  How ridiculous!  Wouldn't she have been flattered that they couldn't spend Xmas without her?  And the pressure from all the neighbors?  Would they really be like that?  Skipping Xmas is not a bad idea to me.  But of course, on page 167, the line about how dark was Enrique going to be, and how relieved they were when he was not at all, raised hackles and displays Grisham's Mississippi roots rather nakedly.
ITC Corp. has invented a way, using Quantum Physics, to journey to 14th century France. It's not really a time machine since instead of going back to our past, the characters are actually going back to a past that exists in a parallel universe. I won't try to explain this but from what I understand this concept is part of Quantum theory. Suffice to say that Crichton makes the whole scientific explanation believeable, at least to someone like me who's not versed in Quantum theory.Using this idea, the book starts out strongly. Professor Edward Johnston travels back to 14h century France but becomes marooned there. ITC Corp. mounts a rescue expedition consisting of Johnston's graduate assistants, all who are steeped in the history of Medieval France. Their mission is simple. Go get Johnston and bring him back. They have a total of 37 hours to do this.However, as can be expected, things begin to go wrong from the time they land and they are all in danger of being marooned permantly in the 1300's.Great idea, but the book rapidly deteriorates into a series of cliche cliffhangers as our intrepid historians fight battles, save damsels in distress, and face myriad perils that would make James Bond blanch with fear. Of course, unknown to our heroes, they may not be able to return because the transmission station back in our time has been damaged and will take a great deal of time to repair. So the whole book lurches to a finish that you can see coming for two hundred pages.I expected more from Crichton. I've read all of his novels, most recently &quot;Eaters of the Dead&quot; and this is the first one I've considered silly. Even &quot;The Lost World&quot; was better than this. Why do more and more very good authors feel they have to write books that read like video games, or screenplays?
Just to get you an idea, halfway through the book Wallander and the rest of the police are still plodding along, having made no connections between any of their clues.The phrases below, and variations of it, comes up in intervals all throughout the first half. And even the latter half."Something was bothering him, but he didn't quite know what""He felt he should have noticed something, but it escaped him.""They had absolutely nothing."A first half a book filled with the above, plus tedious details of a directionless investigation, a red herring that leads nowhere, and I'm seriously wondering why this book has 4 stars. Why????A lot of the police work involves "hunches" and odd stereotypes, like the fact that men and women pack different. Really? Sexist much? I'm surprised this crime squad has ever been able to solve any crimes ever.There is no one gripping in this story, not even the lead. His characterization is poor. And there are really a lot of baffling details in this book. Wallander worries about the cost of repairs to his car, and frets about affording another car. But he is calm and enthusiastic about buying a home. Can someone from Sweden explain this to me? Is it much harder to buy a car than a new home in Sweden?This is the second Amazon Kindle deal I've purchased and that's it for me. I won't be buying anymore recommendations from Amazon without added research and recommendation from friends. Just a poor, disappointing, plodding book.(One good thing? The atmosphere. It is good.)
Book's worth a quick skim but its nothing special. Haven't read any of his previous books but i'm guessing this one is a rehash of his previous material.
The best thing I can say about this book is that it is a quick read. It is tough to write a good investment book nowadays; the average retail investor is fairly well-informed. But this book adds nothing to an introduction to investing, and as an introduction it is a half baked mix of ancient cliches. They either (i) dialed it in, or (ii) they do invest this way, in which case, this is *exactly* why you shouldn't let some professionals manage your money (specifically, when they bring almost no discernible originality or insight to the table): they don't mean you harm, they haven't had an original idea in a long long time.Specific deficiences include:* He promises a new world of "global macro" then spends exactly two pages on international markets. There is no insight here into global or macro. (you'll want to admire the shiny globe on the cover because that's the last global thing you'll find here)* The asset allocation offered is absolutely ancient: decision 1 is "stocks or bonds," decision 2 is "which kind of stocks (foreign is listed but no insights), decision 3 is which sector  or style (style + sector), decision 4 is which funds. That's fine, but brings nothing new to this framework and nothing on alternatives (commodities) or options or ETF (okay a half page, not helpful). In other words, the asset allocation strategy here is both ancient and not really actionable. I dare you to actually construct a portfolio with this recipe.* Here is the worst problem, in all seriousness: because this is offered as advice and because the advice is absolutely routine, this is a recipe for following the crowd. I wouldn't mind that if it were fundamental, value-based strategy that truly does minimize risk but the metrics include P/E. His promotion of P/E metric as-it-appears is so lazy (bordering on malpractice) that your average finance undergrad can surely write you something more informative about the modern use of P/E ratio. To promote P/E ratio investing (buy low PE) without some meaningful color or detail (his incessant equivocation doesn't count!) on the associated challenges (e.g., which flavor? earnings-based distortions? benchmarking challenges?) is not good.* The first factor (momentum) is probably important, but as it equivocates without meaningful guidance, it is absolutely not actionable.* Also, as the author works in private banking, the total omission of suitability (i.e., recognizing the portfolio needs to adjust to your individual needs and risk appetite) and tax perspectives is just unforgivable.... I am not criticizing the strategy per se, but rather the lazy presentation of a half-backed strategy. If liquidity, momentum, and P/E ratio are seriously your metrics, you should take them seriously....and don't get me started with the Fed model...I understand there can be a debate and some will use it to allocate, but lordly lord, you've got to situate these ancient metrics against their devil's advocate.The book is filled with equivocations (follow the trend but be careful; buy low P/E but be careful it's not always right). Equivocation per se adds no value; investors already know that no rule is iron clad. You gotta be specific.In short: a breezy brochure of an aging sort of asset allocation, sans global, sans alternative perspectives; promotes P/E, momentum, Fed model; not a single fresh insight; not informed of modern practices; if it were a formula (and thankfully, it isn't specific enough to be actionable), it would be a formula for following the herd, or the herd running thirty years ago.
I realize the social injustices this author was trying to get across but there had to be a better written book out there.
I saw this book on a colleague's bookshelf and decided to check a copy out of the library.  Part of the book is outdated as it discusses the state of technology in 2003.  In computer years, that's a long time.  I'm not taking that section into account in my rating.Part of the book is more general and covers what an architect does with a military analogy.  It reads like a schoolbook in that it was more theoretical and few "in the trenches stories." There were thought provoking questions at the end of each chapter.  The exercise are meant for someone in industry.  Presumably someone who is just learning how to be an architect.Overall, I'm rating the book low because it was hard to read and dint' really keep my attention.  I also noticed some errors.  I did like the exersises, but they are such a small part of the book.
There is a very large disconnect between the problems at the end of a chapter and the material the chapter was on. As a beginner this is a very difficult book to use, because it explains obvious things in too much detail, but not so obvious things in not enough detail.
I saw the movie based on this book before I read the book. I did not like the book at all. I found it boring and rambling a bit at times. It seems that the relationships between the characters were not as well developed as they were in the movie. It just seems that this was a story of what rich, bored, California kids did in the 80's, parties and drugs. It seemed pointless at times. Movie portrays the story better in this case.
Artificial Intelligence is one of the most interesting fields in Computer Engineering and Science. Yet this book takes the subject and turns it into a guide to search algorithms. Every chapter in this book is like a different book about either different algorithms, different game puzzles to solve, or statistics. All sections of the book may teach you about their relative subject but it has no big picture view into the field of Artificial Intelligence. The textbook has in it, pseudo-code (fake code) so that any programmer of any language can learn, yet the pseudo-code does just the opposite, it's so badly written that no programmer of any language who hasn't already seen the algorithm would be able to recreate it.This textbook is long and repetitive. It covers many algorithms and for this reason I give it one star, otherwise it wouldn't be worth reading. If you're trying to learn AI, you will hate this book, because it floods you with all sorts of useless information for specific situations that you may never face.AI isn't about solving puzzles or the various algorithms we use; if you're creating specific algorithms for your AI then you are not truly creating AI, you're creating a simple program.Artificial Intelligence is the field that attempts to simulate the human brain or to create an intelligence that rivals the human brain. The human brain isn't about the various algorithms. In fact, a true AI would have to be able to generate it's own algorithms for each problem, not use existing ones. This is the old way of thinking of AI, that we can just hard-code everything into AI.If we teach everyone just the various algorithms we will never improve the field of AI.
I really like and respect Gabriel Garcia Marquez books, but I find this one sort of boring and over elaborating.The book is a love story and I did nt like the characters that much. I found them very stupid, selfish and wasted.I think if you are interested to know about the book just watch the movie, which BTW did not do well in box office.and one more thing, the book was not really an easy read I had to open up dictionary few times!
This book may be OK for a first-pass non-technical overview of the area, but it lacks any degree of technical depth and detail. An actual programmer will find it useless, though it might be OK for a suit to get a whiff of what the embedded-linux platform is, kinda, sorta. Otoh, suits don't read books like that anyway. So, I'm not sure who this book is for. And although, like I've said, it's OK for a fleeting resume of the topic, (1) any in-depth book -- that you'll need to get anyway at some point -- will also provide such material (for example a wastly superior book from O'Reilly whose authors I forget at the moment), and (2) the book under consideration here is way too voluminous and, last-not-least, expensive for a BS intro, a piece of one-pass read-and-toss literature (it should cost fifteen bucks -- and will still require too much reading to be worthwhile). Not recommended. Be suspicious about the mass of positive reviews here: I smell self-praise by authors/publishers. The book's not good, any engineer will see it immediately upon thumbing through. Only the O'Reilly book is worthwhile so far (make sure to get the latest edition -- there's been several, the early ones were not good either).08/22/2011: In response to commenter Mark R. Hicks: the O'Reilly book I was talking about isBuilding Embedded Linux Systems, by Karim Yaghmour, Second Edition. (Once again, do not accidentally buy the first editon, which is a useless brochure that, in addition to having always been very short on substance, is by now horribly out of date).
I've loved this author's earlier books, but is he turning out to be like so many who turn out a good novel or two, then, in order to keep the$ coming in, churns out new ones even when they're not worth reading?  In earlier novels I have always admired a certain, admittedly far-fetched, logic to the unravelling of the story.  Don't look for that in this one.  We begin to understand why the protagonist's wife decided to leave him abruptly sometime in the past.  His actions are so unreasonable as to stretch credulence.  As others have said, it IS a page-turner, and the faster the pages turn, the better.  The rather predictable &quot;surprise&quot; ending just dribbles away to a conclusion, with nothing there.  In short, check this book out of the library if you've got to have something to read for a summer trip, but don't expect much.
Let's not beat around the bush. If I were ever asked to make a list of the ten worst books I've ever read, Atonement would be on that list. And pretty high up.I read Saturday by Ian McEwan a few months ago; picked it up at an airport. I liked it. So when I saw the movie Atonement was playing on several of the flights I was recently on, I decided to get the book first, before watching the movie. What a mistake.The plot of this book is superficial, not to say cheesy (a girl falsely accuses her sister's boyfriend for raping her cousin, and a long journey of "atonement" begins). McEwan's talent for descriptive writing is lost in tediously long passages that made me flip back a few pages just to remember where the story was left off. I found myself not caring what would happen next, but calculating how many pages I have left. The book took me ages to read; time and again I found myself yawning after a few pages, then dozing off into blissful sleep.Why waste words on such a terrible book. I have no idea why it became a bestseller and what all the hype is about. On a recent trip to London I bought On Chesil Beach, so I'm going to give McEwan another chance. Hopefully Atonement is nothing but an aberration.I should have known though... Through the book cover (I got the mass paperback version, depicted above) I learnt that the main character in the book - that annoying, whining, wish-I-could-smack-her, spoilt brat - Briony, is played by Keira Knightley, one of the worst actresses recently seen on the big screen. On second thoughts, what a fitting choice...
The writing was so disconnected that it was difficult to keep going, and changing the names was not necessary.  I did not finish the book and will not pick it up again.
There are many flaws in this "restoration" most of which have been pointed out by critics and reviewers. Two major considerations drive this comment:A Moveable Feast: The Restored Edition1. Hemingway's last months, when he is purported to have arranged the restored version that is put forth in this 2009 edition, were filled with physical and mental illnesses such that his decision making was untrustworthy. His critical and literary faculties especially were weakened and led to torturous and repetitive arranging, rearranging and revising and the results were often a diminished text even by Hemingway's then cloudy perception. To argue that one of these arrangements should be given priority has no basis in fact or aesthetics.2. The so-called restored text is far weaker by any measure than the text put together by Mary Hemingway with the close participation of others. Nothing I know of Hemingway was put in question by the contents and (slight) revisions of the prose crafted by this team. True, they occasionally selected earlier castings of a few episodes, most dealing with Hadley and Pauline Pfeiffer but it is evident even from the restored version that Hemingway was floundering during this period in his attempts to do justice to these two women. The restored version presents one version; the earlier book another.That last point leads to a furter point: there is some value to the restored version, not as a remaking of A Movable Feast, but in providing some valuable ancillary material that sheds light on the making of the original manuscript prior to Hemingway's death. Even here there is some cause for complaint: some of the material might better have been left in the archives rather than being dragged before the public under the guise of righting a wrong.
To be honest, I only read about 30% of the book according to my Kindle - thats all I could handle.  That actually says a lot, since I try to finish any book that I start.  The first 30% of the book seemed to repeat itself over and over without adding anything useful.While in the training class, the people in the back of class threw paper wads and spit balls and the people in the front row were seen as brown nosers.  The students acted rudely to an instructor. Traders swear a lot and think that they are the most important person in the world.  That covers about everything that I read - and it was repeated over and over and over again.
Terrible ~ boring ~ don't bother. Grisham has written a story that is lacking and one that is very predictable. I'm very disappointed.
Maybe it is because of translation or just not my style, only read 50 pages.  Book group hated it, unanimously.
There are many twists and turns to this novel but they can't stop you from seeing the obvious flaws. Have they never heard of fingerprinting a murder weapon at the very least???  Inept...It's time for Mr. Patterson to get back in the WRITING business....
I had heard what a controversial book this was; I think it was banned when I went to High school. It was a bible for such people as Hinkley and Chapman, so I finally decided to find out what the hype was about. The machinations of a poorly wired adolescent mind, selfish and poorly thought our where all I saw. Mr. Salinger, I think, was only trying to remember his own callow youth, and how it felt back then. The only people who would really relate to it are about 13 years old. Spare me!
When I saw this in the "true crime" section at the book store I thought it was about the De Feo murders, but it's about the subsequent family (the Lutzes) to occupy the house. The story is told in an omniscient narrative style, like Cub Scouts telling ghost stories around a camp fire ("Then the priest heard a voice saying...") --which is OK if that's what you're looking for. ("Lions and tigers and bears --oh my!") There are no photos nor any other semblance of proof. The author claims that paranormal activities were a regular occurrence even before the De Feos lived there, but the family living in that house today doesn't tell any ghost stories. Perhaps Amazon said it best when they labeled this a "Mass Market Paperback."
IMO Amazon should refund Kindle books which are unusable. As another review states, you cannot read the code, nor see the schematics. I was able to put the schematics under a magnifying glass to see, but the un-formatted C code - perhaps that is visible on the author's website?Overall the book has many good tips, but I'd buy the paper version.  Off to Amazon customer service for a refund.JB
This book was lost in transit again. Next month i am going to purchase it again via priority shipping. If it lost again, they only choice is good bye amazon.
Interesting thesis which neglects to mention that the racist-Jewish Mafia is the most powerful in the world to this day.  Notice that I said, racist-Jewish.  I am no racist, and am of mixed heritage myself.  I have no issues with Jewish people, at large, but the racist policies of the Talmud, and they genocide of the Palestinian people are issues which need to be investigated, among other things.  The world is due for a big correction.  My people are the human beings, and my enemies are those who would harm them.  Youtube "Israel sex slavery".
The diagrams in the book don't match the text and are just plain wrong in multiple instances. Since the text relies on the diagrams to make sense, it completely fails its audience, regardless of its "friendly" delivery.This lack of editing is just inexcusable. If I were a publisher I'd be ashamed to put a book like this out.If you're an intermediate to advanced programmer, you don't need the content this book attempts to provide. If you're a beginning programmer, this book will completely confuse, frustrate, and anger you.
It took me two weeks to finish the book because it is so agonizing slow. I figured after the interviews with the time that does not coincide that Glass is the murderer.
I hated this book, and it's a classic. Sue me.Now don't think it's because I'm too old and cynical. I read this book at the age of about nine, and I still hated it. Why? Because Sara Crewe is the Original Mary Sue. She was so sweet and speshul and wonderful and flawless that she made me gag. She never does anything wrong, anyone who doesn't like her is TEH EVOL!!!11!!, and everyone else thinks she's the best thing since silk stockings. Even at such a young age I was revolted by this one-dimensional character who was obviously being held up for our adulation. And I don't give a damn about it being an old novel. It still blows chunks.
This is basically a poorly stitched together compliation of press releases, so it doesn't really warrant a long review.Next to no insights.  Skip it.
There was no depth to the discussion of CFS, barely any discussion at all, surprising since this is a disease which afflicts 1million Americans.
With uncommon skill, Shlaim has managed-in the confines of a very small volume with very large margins-to pack misjudgments, arrogance, and lack of sense into 1994's worst book on the Middle East.Example #1 (micro level): Each house of Congress formed a commission of inquiry into the charges forwarded by Gary Sick that Candidate Reagan had made a deal with the Khomeini regime in 1980 to keep American hostages locked up in Tehran. Each of them found Sick's hypothesis to be flat wrong. Shlaim ignores these investigations and suggests that fear of Iranian blackmail accounted for much of Reagan's Middle East policy.Example #2 (macro level): Shlaim sees Middle Eastern history of the twentieth century coming full circle. The region began under the Ottoman thumb, spent seventy years struggling against foreign domination, in the end only to find itself under the American thumb. "The leading actors changed but the old order survived," he writes. In this man's imagination, in other words, Washington today rules the Middle East just as Istanbul did eighty years ago. And on this false basis, he writes "a critique of American policy."As these examples suggest, Shlaim's extreme-left outlook inspires an anti-American and anti-Israel animus of rare vintage. Let's just hope that despite the attractive packaging by Whittle Books and the extensive advertising campaign, War and Peace in the Middle East finds the obscurity it so richly deserves.Middle East Quarterly, December 1994
I downloaded this book onto my Kindle and was looking forward to reading it.  The first Picoult book I ever read was My Sister's Keeper which I thought was a phenomenal book. I have read others by her and enjoyed them, but this book did not live up to Jodi Picoult's talent.  I was irritated by the main character's (Paige) wimpy behavior, particularly the constant crying (and yes, I've had children and yes, I've dealt with post-partum depression, and the loss of a new born son to heart disease).  Her artistic talent was an interesting part of the story, and I particularly liked the theme of drawings-within-drawings, but I think it would have been more believable if it would have been a once in a while occurrence, when Paige was not expecting it.  The husband, Nicholas, is self-centered and one dimensional and the relationship with his parents was a real puzzle to me, it didn't flow well, at all.  I also couldn't understand how Paige thought she could "win back" her husband by stalking him and I couldn't figure out why she would want this guy back in her life. He treats her like crap when she reveals a "secret" from years before that had NOTHING to do with him.  Jodi Picoult has a real talent for storytelling and interesting characters.  This book did not measure up.
the first few pages were very impressive but then as you go along the topics gets weird then becomes topics about religion, metaphysics, occultism...ugh. you will freak out.
The author describes what he believes are the 10 greatest discoveries in medicine that have saved millions, etc.  9 of them are uncontroversial discoveries that have been on other top-10 lists, but his 10th choice is one that no other list of top discoveries has ever included. He realizes that, and even admits in his introduction that a former editor of The New England Journal of Medicine refused to review his book because there is no such thing as alternative medicine, only treatments that work and treatments that don't. But he "respectfully disagrees."Hippocrates' discovery that disease had natural causes, sanitation, germ theory, anesthesia, X-rays, vaccines, antibiotics, genetics, and treatments for mental disorders are all worthy candidates for the list. But Queijo ludicrously lists the "rediscovery of alternative medicine" as the tenth "great discovery." He presents no evidence (because there is no evidence) that alternative medicine has "saved millions" or that it has saved anyone. He doesn't realize that alternative medicine represents a betrayal of exactly the kind of rigorous scientific thinking and testing that led to all the other discoveries. His list of ten breakthroughs is actually a list of 9 breakthroughs and one breakdown.He tells compelling human-interest stories about the discoveries. The complexities, the mis-steps, the near-misses, and the ups and downs make fascinating reading.  He offers fascinating tidbits of historical information.  He tells how, in the early days after the discovery of x-rays, Thomas Edison received a request to "Please send me one pound of X-rays and bill as soon as possible."Most of the book is entertaining and informative, but in the chapter on alternative medicine, Queijo loses it entirely. He seems to think that modern medicine has become so fixated on diseases and technology that alternative medicine had to rediscover that diseases occur in people. He criticizes the reductionism of the scientific approach, but offers no evidence that a non-reductionist approach has ever resulted in discoveries or provided better patient outcomes. He sees the struggles between scientific medicine and alternative medicine as politically motivated turf wars rather than as efforts to establish the truth.He accepts homeopathy uncritically and seems to think it is supported by science. He likes the idea of homeopathy because it "shares some underlying values seen in ancient traditional medicines" such as vitalistic energy concepts, detailed interviews to inquire into every detail of the patient's life, stressing the healer-patient relationship, and deriving many of its remedies from natural products.He says, "Alternative medicine offered something Western medicine had too often abandoned: the view that every patient was an individual, that natural treatments were sometimes better than dramatic surgery and dangerous drugs; and that the essence of medicine begins with a caring relationship between healer and patient."This is a straw man argument that badly mischaracterizes mainstream medicine, and it fails to show that alternative medicine has any advantage over scientific medicine practiced with judgment and empathy. He even goes as far as to accuse the stethoscope of being a nefarious device that distances practitioners from patients! He calls its invention "a dark omen for the terrible turn Western medicine was about to take." Now, really!Much of this book is an eloquent paean to the value of science. Unfortunately, it abandons science in its discussion of alternative medicine. It deteriorates into apologetics for belief-based medicine based on misunderstandings and opinions rather than on any evidence. Alternative medicine represents a breakdown of the process that led to the real breakthroughs.If you read this book, I recommend skipping chapter 10.
If you have any interest in learning how to use a trend following methodology - or even how trend following really works - you should look elsewhere.  Nothing in this book is applicable beyond a brief chart in the last third that explains support and resistance.  While I do not agree with the position that trend following is dead, overrated, or otherwise worth ignoring, this book most assuredly is worth ignoring.  What little it offers in practical advice can be found in many better, less expensive books on basic technical trading.
I don't understand how anyone could read this book.  It's basically a list of names and places.  My recommendation would be to read Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code", which is ostensibly based on "Holy Blood, Holy Grail".  "The Da Vinci Code" is extremely entertaining and comes to the same conclusion without droning on about all of the boring linkages, which may or may not be true anyway.In the interest of full disclosure, I gave up 186 pages into this 413-page book.  But, I give it one star because I believe the authors did a lot of research and deserve something for their effort.  I think they would have written a better book by summarizing their findings in about 100 pages (and use a 300-page appendix to detail the research).
Honestly, I didn't enjoy this production much.  I think for the material in this book to work, you would have to be able to cheer for or at least like the character of Martin, but the author/reader just don't quite make you care about him.  The characters could have been interesting as they are pretty grotesque and exagerrated Georgia oddballs, but most of the time, the portrayal of them was just way over the top.  In particular I found the voice the reader used for the mother to be really grating on the ears for my early morning commute.  (The interview with Wayne Knight at the end of the last disc says that this was his first audiobook, so it could just be inexperience)Unfortunately, even though the whole story lasts only two discs, it took me quite a while to get through it as I wasn't exactly thrilled to go spend more time with these characters.
I heard a lot of rave reviews about this author with regards to ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, so I thought I'd try out this book first since I heard ONE HUNDRED YEARS took a lot of concentration.The author was very good at describing the scenery of the locations of the book, but I thought the book itself was not about love but more of one man's infatuation of a woman that he couldn't have.  His multiple conquests of other women as a sign of devotion to his unattainable Fermina Daza was a ridiculous concept (but I guess people cope in different ways) and the ending was not how I expected.  I found Florentino Ariza's character deeply disturbing and not someone that could be loved, regardless of time and distance.I managed to struggle through the book and was disappointed in its outcome and its bizarreness.  I almost put it down for good (such as I did for Ayn Rand's THE FOUNTAINHEAD), but I pressed on anyway.  I'm glad that I was able to finish it, but that's about it.
This is the worst Middle School book yet! Its WAYYYYYYY  too short. Once the book just starts warming up, its already over! Please do not waste your money on this book.
Another made for a movie book. I think Michael Crichton is getting lazy and doesn't want to bother turning yet another book into a screenplay so he seems to be starting with the screenplay and fleshing it out slightly to make a book. MC's strengths have always been the science in the books and this is no exception. You get a fairly good tutorial on quantum mechanics and how it might be used for time travel. His weaknesses have always been the characters and on this one he is at his worst. By the end of the book I really don't care if any of them make it back. The characters are basically a rehash of &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;. The evil industrial genius / rich guy, the soulless technicians and the heroic academics. The plot is also thin and fairly predictable. I almost didn't bother to finish it.
Ever had that feeling whilst reading a book that you wish the story would finally start?I had this feeling through the first 3/4 of this title, wondering when it will eventually get somewhere - and when the action did eventually start I was like "You are kidding me, right?!!!"There is rarely a case where I have to say, "No, don't read that book, it really isn't that good!", but unfortunately this is one such case.I found this book to be unbelievable, getting nowhere fast and a real disappointment, but after reading 3/4 of the book already, I thought I may as well see it to the end.Unfortunately this will make me stay clear of any other titles by the same author, which is a real shame, as it could maybe be his least accomplished work, but I will never know.
This was a horrible book. It is about a girl who is trying to find herself so she clears miles of trail in her backyard for months at a time with out parental supervision. So its like , " mom my cat died so I have to climb Mount Everest to find myself."Ok?".This is a really boring book. The story is cheesy and sentimental. If you like that stuff then you would like this book. If you dont you would find this book boring and long. It was a book that should have been written as a short story.
I ran across the first three books in this series at a used bookstore, after totally forgetting that I read Outlander years and years ago at my (now late) cousin's house. So I picked them up more from sentimental reasons than anything else. (Premise: woman from 1945 travels back in time to 1743 Scotland and meets a tall broad-shouldered hunk. As one does. In 1743 your average Scotsman was about five foot three and had rickets, but the wisdom of our ancestors is in the romance tropes, and who am I to quibble.)I had remembered liking this book almost despite the heroine, who isn't annoying so much as colorless - after eight hundred pages of first-person narrative, one should have more of a sense of who she is than one does. That was the case upon a re-reading as well, and because I seriously value things like medical care and hygiene I found her decision to stay in 1743 bizarre. Yes, I believe in true love; but if the odds are enormous that you're only going to have a decade or less left with your true love before childbirth or some minor infection kills you, then my vote is for a long healthy life with a sweet memory of that true love. And with dental care.Anyhoo, so this remained a pretty fun read, though I had forgotten that the hero beats the heroine and that they matter-of-factly discuss the beating of their future children. Okay, so it's more historically accurate than romance novels in which the eighteenth-century hero has weirdly modern feminist notions, but: ugh. Also, the heroine's from 1945, for heaven's sake: why is she so fine with this? And I had certainly forgotten that both villains are gay and that for Gabaldon &#34;gay&#34; is synonymous with &#34;sexual predator&#34;. NOT COOL. Sure, there are heterosexual rapists running around too, but the way it's presented that gay men by nature are constantly trying to rape boys in stables is so revolting.I've got the next two, so I plan to read them (wicked fast reads, I'm sure), but I hope Gabaldon lays off the gay = evil and child-beating = A-OK. Also, huge pet peeve of mine: there was no such thing as a &#34;clan tartan&#34; in the sense we now know it (and the sense in which Gabaldon uses it) until the early nineteenth century. It drives me nuts when authors clearly do enormous amounts of research on their time period and then leave in what they know is an anachronism but insultingly assume their readers won't.
I requested this because of the pretty cover and the blurb. What I expected was some light, fluffy, fun. Unfortunately, The Lost Boys did not deliver. I struggled to keep reading before I hit 100 pages! I've learned a very valuable lesson though. Always check the page count! This puppy was over 500 pages, unnecessarily long.Now, the idea for the story had lots of potential. Who doesn't love handsome gentlemen ghosts, graveyards, witchy magic, and boarding schools? My problem was with the execution. The writing style was choppy and the 16 year old MC came across much younger to me, maybe 12? I was wondering if this was more of a middle grade book, but a few mature scenes quickly settled that it's definitely not.I'm not a writer, but I can certainly identify what works for me and what doesn't. It was overwritten. I don't mean that it had purple prose, but that each scene was described to death. Simple scenes are detailed & repetitive, not counting on the reader to make connections. When someone yells or shoves somebody, we assume they're angry. Being shown and then told in great detail all the time makes the reading drag, so this book was a slow go for me. I believe this story could've been pulled of if it had been edited & chopped down by about 200 pages! I know that's harsh, but it's easier to read less than stellar writing and still appreciate the story if it's a quick read.I'm giving it 2 stars because this appears to be written by a very young author and I see potential that wasn't quite tapped.
It's a bit too heavy going for me.He's too complcated a man for me, I couldn't stay interested in his journeys.
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events (Widescreen Edition)I was dragged to the theater at Christmas time to see this movie.So I got one of the newer books in the series.Here is my impression:Don't let your child read this rot!This book is not at all funny: child labor, worker abuse and management cruety are some of the major themes.It is very unfortunate event that this series is so popular.The books make all adults appear to be either evil or too dumb to be worth considering.The author appears to be somewhat deranged or separated ( crazy) from realitydue to some bad relationship with Beatrice or Beverly or somebody like that.The children characters aren't smart enough to run away when they are abused or in dangerwhich appears to be most of the time as they are continually stalked by Count Olaf.He tells us always at the beginning not to read it.True to his promises he abuses us with his plots.
John grishm is (was) my favorite author--- but this book is terrible........really don't know why I read it all the way to the end.
Now before you all click the &quot;No&quot; button below this review, read the whole thing first.For starters, I was extremely put off by the subject matter in The Liars Club. I did not find anything funny about this book at all, mostly I just felt like it was a written &quot;Real World.&quot; And also, this book dragged out way too long. Maybe Ms. Karr is trying to tell us of her recovery from child molestation. I really liked the story until that part. (And this event happened on page 67) And the rest of the book only had everything get worse and worse. And also, I could not believe how nothing could happen at all. Now, don't get me wrong. I was originally attracted to this book by the cover and the title. But after reading this book I found myself put off by how much hype this book has earned (espically from Time magazine). Now, if you have read this far in this review, you can either hit the &quot;No&quot; button at the bottom of this review or you could think I'm just one of those readers of the MTV generation who thought he could rely on action to keep him reading. Well, if you think either of these things, either click that button and sign off, or you could click on my icon and read some other of my reviews and see that some books just aren't for everyone.
I write this review realizing that this book is considered a classic, and people much more intelligent than I consider this book brilliant.  But I didn't enjoy reading it.  The whole `stream-of-consciousness' style of writing is very hard to follow (especially coming first person from a mentally handicapped individual).  I finished the book only because I hate not finishing books.On a positive note, the last two sections of the book are readable.  In fact, the book actually gets somewhat interesting with these two chapters.  I can identify with the reviewer who wrote that he felt Jason was his hero in the story.  Though Jason was a rotten individual, it was a relief to be able to read something understandable.  Now that I know `classics' can be this bad, I am not as excited to read them as I was before encountering this book.
I had to read this book for my contemporary literature class and it was horrible. It has good ideas and themes for a literature class if you look at it from that perspective but as a book it lacks everything that a good book has. don't pick this one up for entertainment i can save you a ton of time by telling you what happens. he goes to the grocery store about 4 times, they go through an airborne toxic event in which they refuse to believe that it's happening and he goes crazy. there you go. whole book in one sentence. hope this helps
It started really well.  Auster seemed to be saying something about identity with his writer character who seemed to have merged into his pen namesake who might have merged into his detective creation and is called to service under the name of Paul Auster.The first 50 or so pages, despite Peter's overlong monologue, show that the writer has talent.The story seems to get lost in a maze of literary/historical allusions and side bars such as the detail on the wanderings of Stillman senior.There are a number of plot weaknesses, such as the detective work starting at Grand Central Station (and not Stillman's releasing institution) and continuing to the likelihood of only one Paul Auster in the NYC phone book and the lack of follow up on Mrs. Stillman's kiss.Perhaps there are answers in volumes 2 and 3 of the trilogy, but there is little here to provoke me to read them.
Wrong book did not like it at all was recommended to me by a friend who must not know me very well to even imagine that such a book can be enjoyable so much cruelty and horrible segments.
While tales told by Marco Polo to his great master should have been compelling, I felt as if I had to drag myself from one to the next.  Calvino just never caught my interest in the story line, even though I had expected to enjoy it a great deal.
How do you kill the zeal that a young, aspiring, future business leader has with regard to arguably one of the strongest force in American commerce in the past 30 years?  You give them Slater's biography on Jack Welch.  Jack Welch's accomplishments are not to be diminished by the gosh, lavish, effusive ... style of Slater.  Readers may be able to wade through the Jack-this, Jack-that approach that Slater employs to really find significant kernels of what Welch's contribution to corporate/business thought has been.  It is for this reason alone that I do find some value in this book.  Slater is an accomplished writer in his own right, but as a strong biographical depiction focused on delivering the mind of Welch--this books leaves you wanting.
I have a B.S. (from a school you haven't heard of) and an M.S. (from one you have) in mathematics, and I teach math, but probability and statistics was my _worst_ undergraduate math class (I avoided it in grad school).  I came across this book, and I bought it on a chance.  I'm sorry to say, it was wasted money...1)  The cartoons at best merely illustrate points made in the text; at worst they are irrelevant interruptions.  For example, here we have a cartoon of the reader in a straightjacket after the text mentions calculus.  And there's a cartoon of a man rolling dice.  This sort of stuff does not advance the discussion.2)  The cartoon format reduces the space available for text.  The discussion is therefore abbreviated and compressed; points are made once only, without examples, and often after skipping important steps.  I think it's _more_ difficult than a standard textbook.3)  There are no exercises!  Who ever heard of a math book without exercises?  We learn by doing, I always tell my students, not by just reading or listening.I think this book may be useful to a former student of statistics who wants a review but I can't think of anyone else who would get much out of it.
This is a bad book, stay away from it, if you like intrigue novels.  It seems that the authors were paid by the number of pages the they wrote so they need to fill the book with all this princeton stuff and with a no very well described romance.  The book fells short of any expectacions, even the title is not the punch line of the book.The book is filled with more things that are not related to the core of the story that you get the feeling that you don't know wich is the story that you are reading
Well, the good thing about getting older is that I don't feel obligated to finish books that don't seem to be all that good after a chapter or two, or five.  (The first one was a John Irving, whose work I'd liked before, and I actually put it in the Goodwill box half way through!  It was liberating!)  There are so many great books in life, after all.  So here's another one I don't think I'm going to finish.  If I wanted to listen to the problems and philosophies of college students, or the perspective on same by recent graduates (which I did plenty of while I was in college), I would go out to lunch with my friends' kids.  This book just doesn't have much depth in it.  I had hoped for a really great read by some genius puzzle guys, but whatever plot they're creating is sabotaged by the vapid conversations.  Too much to wade through.  If they are going to get better, they need to get better faster.  Maybe the next one will have more to chew on; I'll give them a second chance but read more reviews first!
I can't take anymore of this ponderous self-help parable.  I'd love to have so simple a life that can be &quot;saved&quot; by these childish notions of adapting to change.  Anyone who changes as a result of this overt and pedantic fairytale didn't have much trouble in their lives to begin with.Now that the rant is out of my system, the more compelling argument to pass on this book is the low level of change or skill transfer possible from something so pedantic.People don't learn life lessons from a simple fairytale like this one.  People learn life lessons by taking a theory and actually transplanting it into their lives, then getting lots of feedback to motivate continued change.Johnson might get a lot of people to his workshops because they first read this book; but if you really want to change, skip the book, save the ..., and use the money toward a career coach, counselor, or therapist who will actually give you the ongoing reinforcement and feedback to cement the effects of change.d the inevitable &quot;mouse&quot; mats).
Saul Bellow won the Nobel Prize. And after his recent death, numerous respectful eulogies proclaimed that the BIG issues of soul and conscience were at the center of his fiction. So who am I, a nobody, to say that THE ADVENTURES OF AUGIE MARCH is boring?Nonetheless, I say that the experience of reading this "classic" of American fiction is akin to watching the Home Shopping Network. You know how those HSN salespeople show some object, pour on the details, and then move onto the next tacky item? Well, that's how AUGIE struck me.You see, what Bellow does in this novel is to focus on the characters that Augie meets as he matures, moving from people who populate his boyhood, to those who populate his adolescence, and onward. And, as Bellow introduces these characters, he heaps, he piles, he shovels on the details. Once in a while, one of his endless descriptions comes to life and the character makes sense. But, what I usually got from these descriptions is pointless and self-indulgent craft. The stuff is absolutely eye glazing.In my case, I put up the good fight and tried to push through these descriptions. But, my reward was-Gaa!-another endless and tedious description, usually of a character that didn't reappear. Yes, some characters do reappear. But, you know what? Then, you often don't remember anything about them. They're strangers, even though Bellow has told you what kind of sandwich they like or how they pull on their pants. The descriptions just don't resonate.I bet that people who like this book start off with the premise that Bellow is brilliant. (Only a writer who considers himself, or herself, brilliant, by the way, would ever write such a book.) And if you think the guy is brilliant, you look at his descriptions and see rich and complex nuggets of great descriptive writing. It's brilliant! But if you're a working stiff like me and want to end your day with a good story about a character moving through an emotional challenge, AUGIE is not for you. Instead, it's a chance to go back to college, where professors assign great books that totally turn off the average person to literature.But, say you're the sort of person who likes to end the day with a progression of baubles? Then, turn on HSN instead. On HSN, at least they're trying to communicate. This book is just a writer indulging himself-a real show-off, Augie might say.
I have to agree with P.J. Otto of St.Louis on this one. What is the author trying to tell us; that fat, eccentric, neurotic personality-disordered individuals are funny?  A sociological lession? Political satire?Much of the dialogue is clever but redundant.  It becomes predictable after a few pages. Ignitius is never personalized. Throughout the book he remains a character construct.  A hyperbolized combination of responses.If there is a great humanizing message here, it is inapprehendable by me. Without a redeeming message, the story is too quirky and uninteresting.A book that is overrated by virtue of too many people propelled by the momentum of a desire to see what has been seen by others.
Okay, perhaps I'm just a teensy little bit biased, and maybe I'm overstating myself a bit, but to mince words: I HATED THIS BOOK.I feel bad for the school board. They bought it.I was forced to read this in my stinking Advanced English class. None of the other eighth graders had to read it -- just like they didn't have to read Little Women (which I liked, apart from that last abysmal Mr. Bhaer romance...but I digress) or Call of the Wild (which had me seriously wondering whether London actually enjoyed the kind of gruesome scenes that have me covering my eyes and make my evil friend constantly read those scenes aloud to me). Anyway, that's not the point. The point is, maybe I just disliked it because of the -- ahem -- forced reading (which I think is a bad way to introduce someone to a great book, as it effectively clouds their opinion on that book FOREVER.) Maybe that's the case. But any book that, when I am assigned to write a "last chapter" in class, makes me title the said chapter "Conclusion: A Sarcastic and Satirical Mockery of Across Five Aprils (In Which Every Character I Loathed Is Ruthlessly Killed)" -- typically I tend to avoid such books.Maybe it's a masterpiece. Maybe I'm just really dumb, not to like such classic, wonderful, fantabulistic (not sure if that's a word) book. If I am, so is my entire Advanced English class, because not one person (excluding the teacher) did anything less than declare undying hatred for Jethro's plight.But, hey, it's a book. I honestly like some (most, actually) historical fiction, but generally I prefer middle ages, or renaissance at least. Except most kids' historical fiction of that era is altered a bit and called fantasy.Rating: A toss-up between Average and Terrible
I have read all but two of the books by Steinbeck that were published.  The Short Reign of Pippin IV is by far my least favorite.  There is, in my opinion, a decided stylistic shift in Steinbeck's writing following the war, and his books became increasingly bourgeois.  This book is the pinnacle of this shift.  I had a very difficult time reading this book, and actually had to put it aside at one point out of disappointment and frustration.
Like many of the reviewers before me, I too, am very disappointed with JG's latest effort.(and I might add that I am a big fan who has read every one of his books)  While it is subject matter that deserves attention, I'm  not sure that this is the forum that should be chosen.  The novel plods  along (after a rather exciting beginning) and never really picks up speed.  The ending is too predictable and it's easier to feel sorrow for the main  character than admiration!  Unfortunately, both The Partner and this novel  make me wonder if JG should consider going back to his &quot;roots&quot;  and return to courtroom drama.  I wouldn't recom mending spending your  hard-earned dollars for this lemon... check it out from the library (and  ask for 4 weeks... it may take you that long to wade through it).
This book was recommended summer reading for Advanced Placement European History.  I think it will give the students an excellent understanding of Medieval Life for the majority of the population.  It was not however an easy read.  The organization is by theme rather than chronological and the author references many other texts that high school students and many teachers are not going to have read.
People are reluctant to post negative reviews, but negative reviews serve a needed function, to steer people away from bad books before they part with their money.  I'll admit I'm only on page 94, but this is one of the worst books I've read on the financial crisis, and I've read a lot.  I will finish this tome, but it is indeed pointless.Well, I'm almost finished, and this book is just as bad as I thought.  I don't blame the 4 and 5 star reviewers, because they don't know any better, but I blame the 3 star reviewers.  They are like an equity analyst, who rates a stock hold, when they should be shouting sell, sell, sell!  Shortly I'll be finished, and my new resolution, given that life is finite, is not to feel obligated to read a book like this to the end.I will take this opportunity to give a short list of books that should be way ahead of this one:1.  Anything by Michael Lewis2.  Panic: The Betrayal of Capitalism3.  Fool's Gold4.  The Ascent of Money5.  Lords of Finance: The Bankers Who Broke the World6.  The Panic of 19077.  When Washington Shut Down Wall Street8.  Exorbitant Privilege9.  The Smartest Guys in the Room10. Predators' Ball11. The Last Tycoons (William Cohan's best)and many others.  One book that is equally bad is Dear Mr. Buffett.so what's wrong with this book?  Everything.  I don't know why people have a hard time recognizing stuff as bad as this book.  It's really nothing but an advertisement for the author.His quotes and citations are a joke.  I noticed that he attributed the quote, "insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result" to Benjamin Franklin.  That's pathetic.  There are only two possible explanations for this, one that he had little munchkins looking up his quotes and cites for him, most likely; and two that he really believes Ben Franklin said this.  I will give him the benefit of the doubt and go with number 1.He is dismissive of Michael Milken, George Soros, and Lloyd Blankfein.  How is that even possible?  I think it was in Predator's Ball where there was a quote of someone associated with Milken, who said, in the style of Dennis Hopper in Apocalypse Now, a guy like this comes along only once every 500 years.  Milken was convicted of parking stocks, give me a break.  The guy was a genius.I for one will take a stand against the proposition that The Wizard of Oz was a book about bimetallism.  Along time ago I read an author's response to a certain symbolic interpretation of his book, and he responded that there was an essential problem, that no one knew what "mean" means.The author makes mention of the drivel of financial news on television.  I enjoy very much Rewind with Matt Miller, Taking Stock with Pimm Fox.  Tom Keene on Surveillance Midday is a bit too heavy on log charts and standard deviations, but still very good stuff.  And many more.  Bloomberg is one of the smartest shows on TV, along with Jon Stewart's The Daily Show.  It is an example of TV's evolution, with the fragmentation, or the ability to divide and identify the audience, obviating the necessity of past decades of dumbing tv down to the lowest common denominator.The author states that the principals of Bear Stearns did not lose substantial amounts in the stock meltdown.  In Ace Greenberg's book, he asserts that Jimmy Cayne lost a billion dollars on his holdings of Bear Stearns stock.  Ouch!The author ridicules Greenberg's "PSD degree" concept (poor, smart, with a deep desire to become rich); I don't see how the PSD degree concept can be subject to criticism.The author makes mention, actually criticizes Lloyd Blankfein on the basis that Blankfein's father was a milkman or something equivalent in status.  Blankfein is apparently one of those PSD types, which is to say that he epitomizes the American meritocracy.  To come from nowhere and end up running Goldman Sachs, the strength of personality, intelligence and people skills are off the chart.  But the author is dismissive of Blankfein.The author needs to get his dictionary and look up the word "prevaricate", which he butchers.At the end of the book it becomes obvious that the purpose of the book is simply to promote the author.  I am somewhat peeved with him for wasting my time, but I will tell you that there are lots of books out there more worthy of your time and effort.
Please lower the price of this book.  It isn't fair to price a best seller from the New York Times at $9 and price this book 20% higher.
The one-minute manager author strikes again. Here is the message: change happens. Get over it.  This one is another in a long line of snake-oil salesmen who have morphed into business experts selling the philosophy &quot;you can change your life forever by spending $12 and one hour reading a cute story.&quot; Wow, and I always thought changing your life was hard work.  The far more dangerous message from the one-minute manager guru is that a dedicated worth ethic is the mark of a fool. Another dangerous message is that one fable with flawed logic (can everyone really categorize themselves as a clever rat or as a pint-size person who dithers through life?) applies to all aspects of life. It doesn't. If I worked the way I cook I'd never follow any rules, invite my friends into my office and know they don't really care if the results aren't good, they are there because they want to spend time with me.  Books like this underestimate the complexity of everyday life and cheat us out of personal growth by substituting platitudes for genuine experience.  If this book changed your life, I'm happy for you. Wanna buy a bridge?
I have to admit - after two thirds of the book, I could go no further.  I put it aside never to return.  The plot was a little cliche, riding the tails of other books about mysterious discoveries that shed truth on cultural history.  That would be OK.  The plot, however, got lost in the personal and sophmoric antics of college students that were frankly uninspiring.  However, if all the padding about Princeton were taken out, there would be little left.  The pace was too sloooow and the writing not tight enough to make it interesting.  The discoveries of protagonist were too infrequent and the impact was lost.  I also heard some of this book on tape.  The reader was excellent, but it was clear that he was even straining to generate some interest in the listener.
before you leap to O'Niel's methods. The fewer books that you have read about making money in the stock market, the less critical you will be of O'Niel's ideas. I've only read a dozen or so, but it's been enough to raise some significant cautionary issues.First, I'm not convinced that people can actually see the classic patterns in charts that O'Niel and other chartists claim are evident. Recognition of patterns _in_retrospect_ is meaningless; if there's a reliable quantitative method to recognize patterns while they evolve, I expect that the owner of this technology would keep the method to themselves as long as possible. Advantages that the chartists claim would tend to lose their power as they become widely known, but only if they really work. If they don't work, there's no reason not to publish the methods widely.A lot of this book shows readers how to use the information in IBD, O'Niel's daily newspaper.Despite my reservations, this book contains lots of interesting and useful ideas. It's up to the reader to weigh the many sources of information and interpretations of meaning in this book. The book is no substitute for the reader's new ideas and the successful mixing and interpretation of the ideas in this and other books. Eventual synthesis of a winning strategy still requires aptitude, hard work, and experience - despite this book's title claim.
These problems look good, but without an answer key they're pretty useless. My algebra isn't bad, considering, but I had it 30 years ago, and so it's really not a useful tool for my daughter to review.
The point of the book is don't resist change.  Learn to adapt and move on.  Good.  But, it also says don't think about the change.  Just absolve yourself of any moral responsibility and go with the flow.  Not Good.  The model employees are rats with no emotions; they just do what they are supposed to do.  Great if you're a manager, not if you're an employee.  It's books like these that lead to Enron disasters...managers figure out how to make more money, employees just do as you're told!
I have a high-functioning autistic son who is very like Ben in many ways, and I was horrified at this mother's attitude!  While I applaud her for her honesty in admitting all her faults, I can't help but feel that Ben's life would have turned out very differently if she had accepted him as he was.  This is the story of a great tragedy, the loss of 33 years of this young man's life.I was a "goody-two-shoes" when I was a child, always trying to please the "grown-ups" and fit their expectations.  But as I grew up, I realized that I would have to make my own decisions, ESPECIALLY when it came to my child!  Obviously, this mother did not.  No matter what my family said, no matter that the doctors accused me of being an "overly protective Mom", I knew my child was this way because of something internal to him, and that his behavior was not his fault!When I finally found a doctor who recognized his autism (at age 4), I realized that the truism is correct; "a mother knows best."  But even if I had not received the diagnosis, I would never have behaved the way this mother did.  She betrayed her son because SHE wanted to fit in, to be a "good girl."  This story broke my heart for the sake of Ben, and I am still depressed after reading it several days ago.I believe that most mothers will love and accept their chid, no matter how strange he is.  And I believe that is one of the most important things we can do for them!  If you want to see what NOT to do, this is the book for you!
Actually, Tey would likely be pleased at me saying she is not a historian since, according to her, historians are "silly" -- among those many people with no common sense or psychological acuity and inability to reason properly.  In this book, as in others by Tey, she shows herself to be a misanthrope (with a special emphasis on misogyny).  She's a Tory who prefers people to know their place, and believes that sparing the rod spoils the child.  She's condescending and smug about her Inspector Alan Grant's realization that Richard III can't have killed his nephews because -- first of all -- he doesn't *look* like a murderer... !In this book, Grant is bedbound with a broken leg and, to entertain him when he ungraciously rejects the books given him, a friend brings him "pictures of faces" associated with some historical mystery.  One of these is a portrait alleged to depict Richard III, and before he looks at the name Grant decides this is the face of some distinguished person, likely someone on the bench rather than in the dock (disturbingly, Tey appears to believe that anyone in the dock is a criminal -- no presumption of innocence for her).So, Grant is quite surprised to find that his thoughtful, judicial person is actually Richard III, presumed murderer of his nephews (so-called the Princes in the Tower).  Puzzled, Grant spends hours wondering how he could be so wrong and soon delving into histories of the period to find out why.  A reader might easily think that all this angst is more about Grant finding himself wrong in his (apparently infallible) ability to read faces, so a minor character asks Grant "but surely you don't believe in reading faces", and Grant assures him/us that no, he doesn't -- but clearly he does, disclaimers to the contrary.  This is really annoying for those who don't believe in phrenology and who might find Grant's/Tey's crush on a picture and post hoc attempt to heroize its subject embarrassing.Grant's actress friend Marta follows up the pictures with a "woolly lamb" -- an American lad called Brent Carradine who acts as Grant's legs in undertaking research at places like the British Museum.  When the lamb finds out discouraging evidence, e.g. that there were contemporary records of rumours that Richard had done away with the princes, Grant easily finds explanations pointing to his chosen villain, Henry VII, instead.This book has generally been praised as a unique detective novel, which it is -- just not a very good one,  Actually, it is hardly detection at all, since few of the staples on which detectives rely is present.  And it certainly isn't history either for the same reason.I listened to this book on Audible, and that was awful.  Despite heroic efforts by the reader, Derek Jacobi, the book's faults were highlighted -- especially Tey's condescending attitude toward the lower classes (for instance, nurses) and the absurd dialogues between Carradine and Grant, in which Carradine typically reports evidence and Grant spins it to prove not only that Richard couldn't have killed his nephews but would've been one of England's most enlightened kings.  This is really ahistorical and goes further to support that Tey had a fangirl crush on Richard, and wrote this book to support it.I read this book in paperback a while back, and drew many of the same conclusions.  I mean, whether you are a writer of detective stories or a historian it's just going to sound ridiculous when you say that such-and-such an act was "deeply silly", and "Whatever he was, Richard wasn't silly."  Really?  Seriously?  That wouldn't go down well in a history paper *or* in the Old Bailey, I should imagine.
The plot just doesn't work and the resolution is unbelievably clumsy. Such a pity because ruth's books are usually a good read
Some of the pages fell out after started reading, so condition not as good as stated.Book was also quite depressing to read.
After reading the delightful "The Little Friend," I couldn't wait to start this one.  The book is a mish mash of drunken party scenes and hangovers.  The characters are stiff and speak in ways peculiar for college students---how many times have you heard someone say, "goodness?"  The descriptive scenes are full on dishes crashing in the cafeteria, which tires after a while.  There's a lot of talking and very little action, with people reacting strangely to situations.  When have you ever heard of someone being "stunned" when hearing that a friend was seen standing in front of a bank?  Save your money!!!!
Very rarely do I stop 1/2 through a book and say I just can not go on reading this crap.  This book is one instance when I have done this.  Kind of an early 1960s US feminist book set in China.
I breathed a sigh of relief when I finished this book.  I was glad to have it done with.  Because it is supposed to be a great book, I wanted to see it through.  The book is hard to read and while there are some gems of wisdom in it, I think those insights could have been had with a lot less confusion.  I think I see some new lines on my forehead from wrinkling it up trying to figure out what this guy was talking about. If you want to read this, be equipped with a Latin dictionary, a handbook of Irish slang and some knowledge of early 20th century Irish history.  Sometimes I wonder if books make it onto the list of "great" literature mostly because the author is willing to mock the church, especially Christianity and take another whip to Jesus's back.  I guess doing this is supposed to make the work cutting edge.  Well, not any more.  Atheism is mainstream now, so the shock value has been shaken out of it.  I only have one life and just so many hours to devote to reading.  I hope the next book I read makes better use of my time.
This is only a reference book if you want to refresh your concepts. I bought it when I graduated and only used it twice since then. I would not recommend it.
After reading Tara Road, I was ready to read every Binchy book I could get my hands on.  This novel started out very slowly, but by the time I got to the middle, I was glad I had trudged through to the &quot;good part.&quot;  What I did not know, however, was that the middle was the ONLY &quot;good part.&quot;  The last section of the novel was so disappointing.  Clare changed so much, and in ways that were not true to her character.  The Clare that Binchy had made me love would not have done the things that she ultimately did at the novel's end.  If she had left out the first 200 pages and the last 100 pages, the novel would've been a good read.
I waited until I finished the book to write this review, hoping somehow to find something to like.  I didn't.  If you didn't go to Princeton, you won't either.  Who writes the New York Times reviews, anyway?
I don't know. I'm going to call b.s. on this one. I like Kerouac, but it seems that appreciation of this book - more so than some of his others I've read (and I've read admittedly few of his books) depends almost entirely on the reader's interest in Kerouac's life story. By this I don't mean that the memoiristic aspects are themselves not good - indeed, all of Kerouac's work is memoir. But, it's just that the book itself provides nothing of an intrinsic "storyline" that is worth reading. It's all about personality. You must like and appreciate Kerouac. You must like and appreciate Neal Cassidy, etc. for this book to work. You must be interested in the things that go on day to day in their lives. It must be assumed that Kerouac's observations are special relative to what most people observe. The book is so incredibly self-conscious that I almost feel dirty for reading it - like I've picked up someone's diary. Kerouac has trouble with being famous. Kerouac has a drinking problem. Kerouac wishes for simpler times. Kerouac looked at the water, etc. All of this without the context of a story. Nice writing of individual scenes or descriptions, etc. But, it doesn't add up to anything. In the larger story of Kerouac's life, this is no doubt an important document. But, as a read just for the sake of reading something, this book did not do it for me.
This book I found to be written in that style that makes you think the author really knows what they are talking about but alas they only know what they believe.Its very convincing on a first read but like many guru books the ideas are like sand through the fingers.If your looking for nice arguments at the crystal ball-a must read.The books basic drive is that each house develops off the previous which I think is a very simplified view.What about oppositions, squares and trines?In the end it was stolen out of my bike carrier , may the gods protect me!
I found the book extremely dull and boring. I can on the other hand understand and apprecitate why it's regarded as a classic. Camus'es style of writing conveys emotions very well and is more suited for a people who are very much into philosophy.Camus used the word "abstract" in a way I never thought of using it and found that very interesting.  The plague represents an "abstraction" because it is so difficult to comprehend.  The plague kills many people and forces everyone in the city into internment camps. The book centers around three characters one of whom is a doctor.  The three characters are unusually contemplative and philosophical.  This is what dulled the book for me. The characters simply didn't seem like real people and I could not see them as anyone I'd ever meet.  Another thing about the story that bothered me was the fact that the events described was a fictional account of events taking place in an Algerian town, yet Arabs are seldom mentioned. There is no mention at all of the Arabic language or Islam. There is no trace of Arabic or Islamic influence anywhere. No one in the book has an Arabic or Islamic name, there are no Muslims anywhere. There are many parts of the book however that mention Christianity and churches. So it's also very culturally biased.
Although I am always looking for alternative investment and financial analysis methods - and this book certainly falls into the "alternative" category - I just couldn't shake the feeling that Mr. Faith was setting me up for some kind of sting. He's very detailed and thorough about covering the basics of trading in financial instruments, and he even carefully explains the differences between right and left brain thinking and trading. He insists that a successful right brain, instinctual trader needs to be "trained" in right brain trade thinking, and he gives some sort of outline for accomplishing that. But, I really saw more holes than doughnut throughout this book. For example, he continually refers to his time as a "turtle" and the methods he developed as a "turtle", without ever actually bothering to explain what a turtle is or how they operate. (Presumably he wants you to buy his other book all about turtle trading.) Mr. Faith also displays remarkable candor by telling readers they will need to lose money in order to master this trading method. And that's another thing that bothers me: he continually refers to "trading" as opposed to "investing", which to me suggests "churning" and "losing" money. This is going to be a mildly well read book among a certain elite type of trader/investor/stock mogul, but for me, go ahead and call me old fashioned, because I'm going to stick to research, P/E ratios, and left brain analysis. Then I can just use my right brain for playing jazz piano instead of frittering away my retirement funds.(A book along similar lines that I found much more interesting and pertinent isSnap Judgment: When to Trust Your Instincts, When to Ignore Them, and How to Avoid Making Big Mistakes with Your Money. It's a lot more practical and the author doesn't suggest you will lose money by learning about the other half of your brain.)
This text does a great job of explaining the fundamentals of computer architecture, however it dilutes the great explanations with hundreds of pages of case studies that are often hard to understand and in some cases not relevant to the topics of the text.  I would definitely recommend that if you are just starting to learn about computer architecture look else where for something that does not dilute the fundamentals with such complicated examples.  However if you are already familiar with architecture/micro-architecture you might find this to be a worth while read to learn more about how these theories are applied in many of today's modern chips, especially the Intel chip-set.
Its pointless, not a review, not a textbook, not a periodical, it's a review gone bad, not friendly at all, lay out condensed , with few points to retain, skipping high yield facts,very few illustrations, some chapters are online access only (4) and the online access is a separate purchase (that's not smart at all)overall, yes its a medical book so it has knowledge but not up to the time or the price Ur investing in it , i don't recommend it
As one reviewer indicated, 'Probably accurate, but this book seems not to know its audience'.  It is assumed that the reader is either a college graduate or a professional microbiologist as there are more technical names in the text than in a Gray's Anatomy book.Though the subject and text are interesting, the general reader should probably look elsewhere to fulfill their curiosity.  I would on the other hand give a few good marks for the beginning of the text, but the text quickly wanders off into deep 'inside baseball' talk.
i was looking for empathy.  i tried to read it with empathy.  i think she was over her widowhood in 8 months so i don't know why she bothered writing the book.  i'm sorry i bought it
Why only 2 stars:The authors "claim" that they are coming from opposing sides one stating he is a Republican, and the other a Democrat, is NOT enough to validated their reclamation method back to American prosperity is unbiased. They are two peas in the same pod since both parties are equally evil and bent on the personal plundering of America instead of helping it through this current financial crisis.  Both are Harvard educated with the same degrees in economics and graduating within a very few years of each other means nothing except they are of the rich and privileged "blue-blood" class of which the VAST majority of Americans are not.  They come from the same source that most of the crooks in Washington originate.  One author even worked in the G.W. Bush administration.  Why should I listen to them???!!  I've read the book they wrote and dog-eared so many pages where I disagreed that it finally became a waste of time.Did they mention derivatives trading??? Not once.  Did they mention Quantitative Easing (QE2)???  Not once.  Did they mention, "Fascism"???  Not once!  They did discuss Ben Bernanke and Alan Greenspan in mostly glowing terms, only slapping the back of their wrists for the reeking damage caused by them both.  Their brief explanation of the oil problem and it's solution of simply cutting back on our oil usage and incorporating more solar and wind power would solve the energy crisis.  Solar and wind power yield is so infinitesimally low compared to that of oil, and the inherent problems with solar and wind cause them to be at least for the time being, very inadequate oil replacements, though the authors did give some explanation of that on page 144, including some negatives of nuclear power.However, peak oil has already happened - it's no longer down the road a few years from now as the authors say, and we are cruising with increasing speed down the diminishing side of oil with no brakes in sight.  Their table of Proven Oil Reserves listed on page 127 is extremely unrealistic because oil exporting countries, especially the OPEC members aren't about to tell the world their oil fields are nearly depleted.  They are lying through their teeth while pumping thousands of gallons of sea water into the fields (Saudi Arabia) to bring the pressure up enough to pump the dredges out and aren't about to tell anyone how much they estimate to be left.  And, though I'm not a fan of the way President Obama is going about not doing the things he promised us during his campaign run, the authors laid all the woes at his feet as if they instantly began in November, 2008, almost as if the previous two Bush terms had little to do with it.Basically, they are no smarter than the pundits you hear on mainstream news.  And assuming all of their ideas about getting America back on track are perfectly feasible, there is no way the crooks in Washington would ever allow a single one of them to be utilized.  If you want to truly understand what is and has been happening to our beloved country, buy the book, "Griftopia Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Contract That Is Breaking America" by Matt Taibbi.  There's where the clearest insight into our problems is unabashedly discussed.
I bought this because I need it now for a class I am taking. It is an e-book not a Kindle, and you get none of the Kindle features, and it's a pain in the behind to use. If you have the time to wait, get the print copy.
I'm not sure. The main character is consistently neurotic, obsessive & tiresome - she's quite boring, really. Actually, I think I'll return this & borrow something better--
this book was poorly written and quite boring.  sometimes silly at the worst times too.
Well it's a shame because that Jimmy Joyce he had a knack for phrasemaking - blarney they call it - and no one could ever accuse him of over-reliance on the playsafe deracinated obfuscations and tergiversations of disproportionately latinate diction, so I like the part about the cow ("moo": delightful!) and would prefer it to any possible talk of quadrupedal lactifers yessir. De gustibus non est disputandum, however, as the Romans said.Speaking of which, because I was raised Lutheran, I didn't get all the Catholic stuff. I figured you people just went to confession and moved on. My people just sing loud, eat sausage, and grow fat, as unnameable torment and self-loathing eat away at our heartvalves: how would you like them apples huh?All in all, I was glad this book was short and will now go on to Ulysses, as I enjoy things Greek, with reasonable exceptions, being of German extraction. Thank you.Having written my review, I turn my back, aware of my misprision of lactifer, but comforted by my error's Latin heritage.
This book was written near the end of Ms. Heyer's life, and it would seem, near the end of her imagination, creativity, or perhaps interest. Not one of her longer works, I still found myself longing for it to end. The author had lost none of her powers of writing witty dialog, but in this book it was all in aid of a very thin plot, and one whose meager plot lines weren't even satisfactorily wrapped up in the end, with the exception of the main one. Even what threads of plot can be found lack originality; they can all be found in earlier works by the author. There is, for example, the "older" unmarried, but beautiful, rich, and intelligent heroine, Annis Wychwood, the eponymous 'Lady of Quality'. Following close on her heels is the runaway teenage girl, trying to escape an unpleasant situation, Lucilla Carleton, who in this case is fleeing an uncaring and selfish aunt who is colluding with a selfish neighbor/family friend to force Lucilla into an unwanted marriage to the son, Ninian Elmore, of the family friend. Following an improbable chance meeting between Annis and Lucilla, which ends with Annis inviting Lucilla to stay with her until a suitable resolution to her problem can be found, the third familiar, over-worked character type is introduced in absentia, by rumor, report, and gossip. This is the guardian uncle of Lucilla, Oliver Carleton. He is a man of shocking reputation, but one with a powerful concern for the proprieties where his niece is concerned. Even the minor characters are ones we (all those avid readers of Georgette Heyer's works) have seen before: the worthy, but priggishly boring suitors; the discreet, &uuml;ber-competent servants; the over-bearing relatives who can't stand for single women to be independent; the fortune hunters who prey on susceptible young girls. The one character in the book who blessedly is not found in other guises in other Heyer works, at least not to my recollection, is Maria Farlow, the stupid, jealous, insecure, interfering, and inanely prosy companion of Annis Wychwood, tolerated only as a means of keeping Annis's brother from objecting too much at her establishment of an independent residence. With great skill, in scene after scene, Heyer gives us dialog with Maria that illustrates brilliantly why everyone (almost everyone) who spends any time in her presence wants to choke her, and risks running from the room screaming and tearing at their hair. By the end of the book, not only did I want to strangle the character, I wanted to strangle Georgette Heyer for going over board in describing and explicating that character's foibles.I could overlook the unimaginative character choices if there had been a more substantive plot connecting them. But all we get is a love/hate kind of courtship between Oliver Carleton and Annis Wychwood, in which the principal attraction seems to be shared intelligence and sense of humor. Immediately upon meeting, sparks fly between this pair and eyes twinkle (as they so often do in Heyer's books). We are asked to believe that merely not being bored by each other is sufficient reason for two people to live happily ever after. Well, maybe... The plot involving the runaway heiress, Lucilla, peters out oddly, with her facing a rather uncertain future under the aegis of yet another distant, unfamiliar relative. There is no real villain to get his comeuppance, only a mildly dangerous fortune hunter who tries to 'attach' Lucilla's interest, to use a Heyeresque expression. Even the adamant opposition of Annis's oh so proper brother to her acquaintance with, much less marriage to Carleton fades away in the end. It's as though Heyer simply got tired of her characters, and couldn't stand writing about them any longer. More precisely, she seemed to be tired of them from the start. The book is filled with descriptions of life among the upper classes in Bath, and social interactions among the characters, with very little real action. If the author didn't care about them, why should we?I'm in the process of re-reading most of Heyer's books, and sadly I found that this one left a much poorer impression on me than it must have the first time I read it. Otherwise, I'd have saved my time, and skipped re-reading this one.This review was also posted on LibraryThing under my catalog there (user name arctangent).
This book only restates what the creedit industry wants you to know. It does NOT give you the truth about many aspects of the credit industry that you need to know.I am not a lawyer, but I have won cases against the three credit reporting agencies. They paid me over $7,000, and it only required $100 of fees on my part. To do this I needed GOOD information -- which I did not get from this book.The author Liz Pulliam Weston did not do any hard-nosed investigation to write this book. She has taken the credit industry PR, which is NOT an unbiased source.Most other books start with what Weston provides, and then gives you the other story. What people really need to know about your credit score, how it can be harmed, and how you can get the reporting agancies to fix errors.With all due respect, please do not buy this book. Look further. There are BETTER books. I suggest you look at the ones written by Privacy Times (a great unbiased book) or any book on credit written by a laywer (there are many on Amazon).
Never received. Wonder where it is? Too bad. Unusual. 11 more words are required. Why?5 more words now required. Gosh, I made it.
This was the first time I have read a Harry Hole novel, and it will be my last.  This is not meant to deny that the series has many fans around the world who find him a great read.First, Harry Hole is one of the least sympathetic detectives I've come across.  Unlike Kurt Wallender, who is dark and brooding yet fascinating in his techniques, or John Luther who is impulsive and troubled but brilliant, Harry Hole's main preoccupation is himself and his past.  This approach is often very successful in a psychological novel but not so much in an investigative mystery.The first half of the book when Harry is on the wagon, the narrative makes some sense.  Later when he habitually gets drunk, it  reflects his stupors and is painful to follow.  Overall, the storyline bounces between many personal stories told by both major and minor characters.  Mixed in are Harry's many disturbing dreams and remembrances.His behavior causes the deaths of several characters, but this is tolerated by his colleagues because that's just what happens when Harry's around.The first half of the book is about a serial killer who may or may not be dead.  In the second half when Harry is disheartened and mostly drunk, he tries to solve the mystery only when he feels like it, slowing down an already sluggish plot to a standstill.  Finally and suddenly, Harry puts the puzzle together and jumps into action like a superhero.  From a drunk to a trapeze artist?  Not likely.
I purchased this book after starting a job as an embedded programmer in an RF group.  The material in the book provided a good introduction, a basic understanding of the concepts and some useful vocabulary.  However, I found the writing style used by the author to be a hinderance to reading the book.The author liberally includes little comments for the reader enclosed in parantheses.  The first few are sort of funny, but the more frequently they occur and they do occur frequently, they start to become annoying.  The point of these comments seem to be (a) to poke fun at engineers, (b) to dumb down the material and I suppose (c) entertain the reader.A few examples: "... the output power at point A is expressed P1 dB (pronounced p wun' d b)..." p. 49  and "Some RF engineers pay big bucksfor a Low Noise Amplifier with a super low Noise Figure.  (The rest of us just invest in mutual funds.)" p. 46  These just get in the way of the flow of the text and detract from the book as a whole.The book is describing a technical subject, why pretend otherwise.  Yes it is an introductory text but the people who will read it want to get information from it.  They are intelligent enough to draw conclusions from the text, relate the material to their work and remember what they have read.  Treating the reader otherwise, as I feel this book does, seriously detracts from its usefulness, by making the reader wade through a lot of unnecessary text.This book can serve as a good introduction but be warned that you might have to wade through the writing a little bit.
I don't even know what to say about this book other than anyone who pretends to like this nonsense deserves to read it. Truman Capote's quote about Kerouac's writing, "That it's not writing, it's typing," probably sums up the matter better than anything I can say.  What disappoints me I suppose is that I really want to like Kerouac - I love the idea of him, though I can't say I care much for his typing.
I actually did not finish this audiobook.  I was attempting to listen to it while putting a puzzle together.  My son had a bunch of friends over and out of the speakers came all of this profanity.  Yikes run and turn it off.  I tried a few times  but with kids in and out I was just too uncomfortable with  this ringing through the house.  Also windows are open so anybody walking up to the front door would hear a bunch of swearing.  Just couldn't get past that.
Challenging the wrath of Mr. McDermott, from the very moment I selected this title I knew it would be problematic and nothing I have encountered since changes that judgment. Really, just how much assistance could he offer in the achievement of failure? It could only be another instance of do as I say because anyone who manages to pen a self-help (?) tome, acquire a publisher, publicist and get the printed manuscript into the distribution chain knows nothing about real failure. He even goes as far as offering platitudes in the dedication to those that have aided in his success. How am I expected to accept his musings as credible?I compliment myself on my abilities to be as ineffective as is possible and still manage to subsist and this book tended to depress since nearly every action I took in the effort to get into it involved some action that was contrary to the advice he offered. I didn't know anything of McDermott so I looked at the short bio information on the inside of the back jacket, which invariably led to reading the answers listed on the last page thereby already violating (or preempting?) a couple of his suggestions from the preface. I have no desire to adhere to the observations of a watcher and recorder; for me to trust this man's advice on failure I should not have any inkling of his existence.The reality is I absolutely detest self-help instructional guides since obligatory departmental expenditures for continuing education once required me to attend Dale Carnegie courses but I thought the sardonic nature of this book would make it incongruently enjoyable. . .wrong.  "How to be a Complete and Utter Failure" brings nothing new or unique to the discussion. McDermott takes truisms and adages that legions of motivational speakers spew out like a Danny Thomas spit take and adds `don't' as the intro word.  Granted, a few of his observations are entertaining but nothing here will come as a revelation for the successful, the slacker, the mediocre, or the average.  Additionally, if one deletes the quotations the reader is advised not to absorb, halve of the book goes away as well.For the individual who swears by these guides, it is a swift and occasionally humorous read but otherwise your parents, peers, patrons or parole officers have already offered all of the same advice.Step 36: Don't Think of your own idea to go here.
There are pieces of this work that are riveting, relevant, and highly cognizant of aspects of the human condition that are rarely explored. However, unless you like constant digressions into the stuff of dreamland, where digging out the story is a near Herculean task, where you need an encyclopedic knowledge of obscure cultural references, and have a fair working knowledge of both German and the facts of the German rocket operation of WWII, this book is not for you.Starting from a rather different portrait of London at the beginning of the V1 and V2 attacks, it becomes immediately obvious that this is not a standard novel with clear-cut protagonists and structure. The characters introduced here are not your everyday people, as many are imbued with (possible) extra-sensory talents, such as one that makes sure the individual is never at the place where one of those rockets lands (at a near random place within London, but which follows a well known mathematical distribution). Nor is the organization one you have ever heard of, and its relationship to the top level power structure is Byzantine, something that becomes important to understanding the later stages of this work.At the beginning of Part 2, we begin following the actions and adventures of one Slothrop, and the main focus of the work starts to come into view, as he diligently (for him) follows the clues to the design and fabrication of the A4 rocket, serial number 00000, and Impolex G, a new plastic of wondrous properties. This search will lead Slothrop to many corners of post-WWII Europe, and his obsessions, James Bondian actions, and just who he is underneath all his many guises and disguises forms the basic scaffold of the book's theme of paranoia run rampant, of the symbol of the rocket as a metaphor for both individual lives and that of multiple cultures.All of this is buried in constant digressions from `reality' in often page-long sentences that drift inevitably towards the stuff of dreams and pure non-sense. Many times these digressions do paint images, sometimes quite forceful, a few beautiful, but many degrade into the pornographic and extremely gross (be warned! - I'm not easily disturbed by such things, but I found many of these just flatly beyond the pale). There are many poems, ditties, and `songs' in the later half that are nothing but bad doggerel, and do little to advance either theme or plot. There is a fair amount of un-translated German here, understanding of which is frequently important (happily I have a fair understanding of the language). The total cast of characters is quite large, and remembering who is who is quite a task. In short, digging out the gold in this work is not easy, and clearly the work could have been improved by a large amount of cutting of the `extraneous' material.Still, there are pieces of this work that are illuminating, with themes and symbolism not frequently encountered, and sometimes the prose lifts to the realm of true poetry. Whether these aspects are enough to justify the effort of reading this is questionable, and probably depends on the individual reader's tolerance or liking of such things.---Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)
Boring.  Dumb.
Trade your Way to Financial freedom is way better than this oneTwo years ago I've red Van Tharp's classic `Trade your way to Financial Freedom'. As a great fan of the Market Wizard books by Schwager I liked Tharps book quite immediately. It was a book in which I've red several chapters 4 to 5 times, especially the chapters on entries, stops and exits.This book doesn't come near Van Tharps classical work. Also his main concepts on position sizing and R-multiples aren't explained that clearly in this book. Also the parts on psychology (or on God for that part) were not that striking or insightful at all.Now if you're a complete newbie to this -1R and +5R framework I can imagine you liked this book, but if you've already red his first books like me this was all the same stuff again. In theory all these concepts sound very interesting, certainly his theories on position sizing, but once you start trading you'll find them hard to use.Also this one:"Joe was now 68 years old. His total education in the market consisted of reading three or four books on how to pick the right stocks plus a book about Warren Buffett written by someone other than Warren Buffett" p. viiiWell yeah, it's like owning a book titled "Trade your way to financial freedom" by someone who hasn't traded his way to financial freedom ...
I was a big fan of Mr. Thomas Harris since I read Manhunter when I was a teenager. His Clarice Starling from Silence of the Lambs became my hero, my rolemodel. Dr. Lecter was the embodiment of silent evil: intelligent, cunning, witty and deadly. What made Manhunter and Silence of the Lambs  true classics is exactly what is missing from Hannibal. The story is  predictable and full of holes. It seems like the sole purpose of the book  is to gross you out (and believe me, I don't gross out easily). The villian  is straight out of a comic book (think a living blob with The Rock for a  sister). The book seems to try to make the character of Lecter more human,  explaining why he is the way he is... Big mistake. The most horrifying evil  is the one you don't understand. On top of that, Clarice's character comes  off as less human, a robot, a shadow of the persona shown in Silence of the  Lambs. I kept reading the book thinking: &quot;This will change soon... it  can't end like this&quot;... I was a witness to the death of my hero. When  I closed the book, tears of anger were flowing freely through my cheeks. I  want to thank Ms. Jodie Foster (greatest actress right now!) for refusing  to do this film... That way she has spared moviegoers from one of the worst  experiences in literature...
This book is merely a collection of conspiracy theories and the reader can't help but look for black helicopters. Should be on the fiction list with "The Da Vinci Code."
Babcock's book is very superficial - offering almost nothing in comparative costs, and even less in strategies, problems, cons, etc. Obviously he is sold on cloud computing - however, I can remember when time-sharing was the wonder of computing back in the mid-1960s. That obviously didn't last. Then we have the the additional problems of slow data transfer, security, and add-on charges that can balloon a bargain into a budget-buster. As for reducing potential overload situations with in-house equipment, mainframers scheduled heavy uses for low-use times - hardly a big problem.On the other hand, there are some possible attractive aspects, and the book did cite some interesting new realities. For example, we now have containers filled with racks of more than 2,000 servers. Microsoft's newest facility is designed to be operated by 45 staff and utilize 300,000 servers; it will be the world's largest. Google has a string of 12 or more server centers, totaling about 500,000 - 600,000, believes Babcock. Cloud computing centers can be positioned to use low-cost 2 cent kwh hydroelectric power; of course, that takes it away from other low-cost users as there is only a finite amount. Amazon charges 8.5 cents/hour for use of an EC2 cloud server, Rackspace 1.5 cents - then there are the 'other' charges. And Babcock's point is valid that this would reduce the cumulative need for redundancy and peak capacity - however, in the era of cheap computing that's less important than before.Recent overload situations include [...] when he died, as well as [...] at the same time (inquiries about his life). Extreme Makeover also has had problems.Cloud computing loses about 10-15% of computer power to overhead processing.
While it is convenient to have a lot of Security Analysis on Kindle, I am disappointed that whole chapters are removed from the book and that, for Kindle readers, there is no CD with PDF filed included that one can refer to (these are referred to multiple times in the text).Again, handy to have much of this great book on Kindle, but you are not getting the whole book, so it is a rip off for $42.00.
This story idea has the potential for a really good novel, but I thought this missed by a mile (good cliche.) The character of the husband in particular seemed rather simple minded, although the wife certainly wasn't too bright either.  I just didn't see how either could be taken seriously, the way they were presented. What was the point in making the husband a part-time Santa Claus? I did not find either of them particularly sympathetic or believable because, I think, the writing was at a level as if Berg were writing a story for children instead of adults.
Why do we continue to purchase Grisham's books? My friends and I ask ourselves this question each time one comes out, we pay full price, and then read it--expecting something different than all of his other books. Okay, JG, we get it!!! Please change your formula. I appreciate that you give a lot of money to your Virginia community and am thrilled by what you've done for St. Anne's. I'm glad that you're spending my hard-earned money of doing good for mankind. I loved your earlier books, even your first one, for which you actually apologized!!
Well I had promised myself I was not going to read any more of John Grisham novels... but I got suckered in to reading this one by a friend who highly recommended it (they are now off my highly recommend list...). The back cover had great promise but I discovered what we had was not John Grisham's latest novel but his latest novel length film treatment. YAWN! This will make a fun movie as a book it was boring and slow moving. You didn't come to care at all for any of the characters. In Grisham's other books you cared... CHEERED ON... Darby Shaw, Mitch McDeere, and Jake Brigance in this book there was no hero character for you to care about. It's a shame but they will fix it (maybe) when they make the movie.
Whenever I must leave a book on the shelf, not having finished it, I feel somewhat guilty. Should I have tried harder to understand, to enjoy it? But "Gravity's Rainbow" -or "Rainbow's Gravity"? (I won't even bother to check the name)- does not deserve such a feeling, because there is nothing to understand, less nothing to enjoy. I've been carrying it for two weeks, I've started it many times and have reached only page 85. I don't care about the characters (do they have names?), I am not involved in the plot (suposing there is a plot). This piece of arrogant nonsense does not deserve a book review, simply because it is not a book - supposing that a book must be something more than several hundred printed pages and paperback cover. So, I won't write a review, just a piece of good advice: SAVE YOUR MONEY. In case you have made the same mistake as I did, I hope you have a table with a short leg so you will not feel like having wasted your money.
I agree with the reviewer who thought Ms. Pantley's approach was too one-sided.  I think her supporter Sears even suggests somewhere that if you don't go to your child when they cry,you won't be there for them at other important times, which is nonsense.  I feel this is part of the mindset of this book--that crying it out can only be cruel.  As another negative reviewer noted, crying it out doesn't mean you NEVER go to your child, but that you and your child learn when he/she really needs you and when he/she can get themselves to sleep on their own.Using Weisbluth's approach (see book title below), we have a child who sleeps very well (better than any of her playgroup peers, pretty much), can put herself back to sleep at night and during a nap, and who goes eagerly and affectionately to bed.My wife and I worked the no-cry system with great dedication for one week (Ms. Pantley would probably say one week is not dedication).  Consider if you will, that we are both employed, and you will understand why, after one week in which my wife was getting TWO hours sleep per night, I was getting FOUR, and baby was waking up every hour on the hour (because, as another book suggests, some babies catch on that you'll come to prevent crying, so they cry and cry and cry), we decided that, idealistic as the Pantley no-cry system may be, it was wrecking our household.We instituted crying it out the next day.  Baby cried through an entire nap.  It was painful, yes.  Next nap, she cried just twenty minutes, then slept.  That night, she cried twenty minutes again, then slept 12 HOURS STRAIGHT!  She was soooo tired, the poor child.  The crying periods became briefer and briefer, and were essentially gone within two weeks.  This was around 5/6 months.  She is now 28 months, sleeps great, wakes up happy most of the time, never cries when we put her down (although two months ago, a babysitter went to her when she seemed unhappy about going to bed, and we had to retrain her for a couple of days, which was easy), and often spends happy time alone in her bed, just babbling to herself about her day or reading and playing.We have had to use the Cry It Out Method a couple of times again when on vacation, and it always works.  The next day, no crying, and a happy baby.  All I can say, is Ms. Pantley's method may not work for everyone, or it may not be practical for families where both parents work.  I think you can take some principles from any method including hers, but you have to tailor things to your family, your child, your own parenting style.  We found Weisbluth's Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Child worked for us, and also got us ready for developmental changes in our daughter's sleep habits.Last Comment:  Before we cried it out, our daughter was going through a prolonged bout of being "hyper" at certain times of day.  This turned out to be a symptom of being overtired, and abated as soon as we cried it out and she had caught up.  Her real personality is spunky, but not so hyper. If we'd kept up with the weeks and weeks needed for Ms. Pantley's system, I doubt any of us  would have reached the end in one piece.  And THAT would have been traumatic.
Grisham's worst book by far (and I've enjoyed most of his stuff to date).  A mediocre apology for the self-inflicted losers in society (drug abusers and prostitutes fare better than guy working 90 hours a week).  Apparently, Grisham, having made plenty of money to date (which he earned), now feels sufficiently guilty about it that he wants the rest of us to help bring social &quot;justice&quot; about, so long as he gets to define the term. I could have lived through the social whining if there had been a story there, btu there wasn't much of one.  An embarassment for Grisham and a complete waste of time.
This is a truly great piece of American literature.  The story is completely absorbing and the literary quality is outstanding.  Unfortunately, the quality control of the e-book edition is so poor that it completely distracts from the story.  Punctuation is inserted randomly, sometimes you wonder at first at the meaning of sentences.  Odd non-English alphabetical characters appear.  Words are misspelled to the point of being unintelligible.  Why pay more for an e-book which costs less to produce than for a hard copy?  I think readers need to stand up for themselves and demand that greedy publishers recognize that e-books are the way most of us want to read now and that they should be priced in accordance with production costs.  I understand the laws of supply and demand but I also understand the herding of sheep.  Apparently it has gotten so bad that publishers think that we will pay more for shabby, error riddled productions than for quality paper editions.  I don't think that Amazon will refund money for a situation like this but they should.  It is a tragedy that an American treasure like Wallace Stegner has his work so shabbily represented.
A &#34;Moveable Feast&#34; is a memoir of the years Hemingway spent in Paris in the 1920s. He wrote it in the 1950s after recovering notebooks he'd filled during the Paris years. In some ways, the book reads as a tabloid magazine with what feels, at times, like heavy name-dropping. Hemingway did spend a lot of his time with well-known writers of the day, such as Ezra Pound, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and Gertrude Stein. I got the sense he plucked the most famous people from his notes to reminisce on. While Hemingway brought the book to final draft form during his life, his fourth wife and widow, Mary Hemingway, did the final edits on the book that was published posthumously in 1964. There is a restored edition that is supposed to be more in keeping with what Ernest Hemingway had intended that includes some of his sketches, a foreward by his son, Patrick, and an introduction by his grandson, Sean. I did not read the restored version but the original 1964 edition. I almost would be interested in reading the restored version too to see what differences there are. It is possible that Ernest Hemingway did not feel the need to name-drop as much as his widow? Fortunately, I know some of the women in my book club have read the restored version so I will just settle with the book club discussion on the differences.My number one comment on this book is that it just didn't stay with me from reading to reading. It may be because it was a memoir and not a novel. I don't read a lot of memoirs so I don't have prior experience to go on. With novels, however, I find myself thinking about the characters and the story a lot throughout the day, even when I'm far from reading time. It may also be that Hemingway's writing style doesn't resonate with me. He was known for a simple, direct and unadorned style. I really like vivid descriptions that paint a full color tapestry scene in my imagination.One personal struggle I had with reading it is that I really have no clue on how to pronounce French words. I have no background in the French language at all except for singing Ah! Je Veux Vivre in college. And in that case, I only learned how to pronounce the French in that song. An audio version would have helped with the pronunciation but then I wouldn't have seen the word spelled out. I should probably start looking them up online as I'm reading. I have friends who read with little tape flags to mark words they want to look up. I might need to take up that habit... at least with books with French in them.I read &#34;The Old Man and the Sea&#34; and &#34;A Farewell to Arms&#34; ages ago (assigned high school reading). I certainly don't remember them being favorites. Maybe I will reread one of his novels at some point. Or try another one. This was a quick read, but if it hadn't been a book club selection, I probably would have put it down a few chapters in and moved on to something else.
I didn't like it at all. I find it unbelievable and not for the travelling through time but for the characters and the story. I did not believe the romance. It's going to the trash.
I believe that works of art, be it sculpture, painting, music or literature are a product of their time.  Those that are destined for greatness are rediscovered by sucessive generations with Michagelo, Van Gogh, Mozart, and Shakespeare as examples.  Salinger's works in contrast, seems dated and aimed squarely at the angst of pampered American Baby-Boomers.Although I enjoyed this book as an adolescent, a recent re-reading of it made it seem self important and irrelevant.  I actually wanted the main charecter to shut up and get over himself.I imagine Holden as a current day overweight, balding, middle manager working in MidTown, with and ex wife, drinking problem, large pharmacy bill, and chip on his shoulder caused by the world doing him wrong.To me, this novel has not stood that test of time that some other great works from the era such as Slaughter House 5, and Lord of the Flies have.
I enjoyed much of the development and history of the main characters.  The writing itself is above average. However, the  deputy sheriff is so unbelievable that he should be satirized by comedians on Saturday Night Live, or by some anti-establishment hate newspaper.  He would have been fired long before he could have brought hurt to anyone. This is a man sworn to uphold the law, yet he manages to plant evidence, be a coward, leave his wife and family for a trashy harlot, and also manages to get the harlot back with substance abuse.  Thank goodness for the colonel, and his sense of values and honor, even though contrary to Western standards at times. This book took me almost two weeks to finish, but I figured that... Oprah liked it, maybe there would be a redeeming conclusion.  Not so...readers save your money.  Before I am called a non-realist about life, I have never come across so many losers in such a short parameter of time and space, and all over a house.
This book works if you need something to read on a plane trip from Florida to Ohio.  It held my interest to an extent.  However, I got the feeling he knocked this one off in about the time it takes to type it.  It takes about 3 minutes to figure out his daughter is coming home for Christmas.  Wait for the paperback.
I was very dissapointed in this book. It seems to me that Thomas Harris only wrote this book so that there would be a sequel to &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs.&quot; Now that was a book that I could not put down and this  is one that I had trouble picking up. I only finished it so that I could  fairly review it. If you have not bought it don't waste your time and your  money. The author could of done much better. I was truly dissapointed.
I am a voracious reader.  I probably read 2 to 3 books a week and love a variety of genres.  Outlander might possibly be the most boring book I have ever read.  I am forcing myself, as painful as it is, to continue reading hoping it will get better but I am 200 pages into it and my eyes continue to glaze over.I honestly can't understand all the positive reviews on this one.  Unless you're just looking for something to help you fall asleep, stay away from this one.
An execrable job of juvenile and intrusive overwriting by "as told to" writer Bert Sugar. On the other hand, Dundee's likeability comes through as does some very good stories.  The best of those, of course, concern Ali, Frazier, and Foreman, the three great boxers of the latter third of the 20th century.Dundee seems to have parted on bad terms with Sugar Ray Leonard, and Leonard does not emerge as particularly likeable.  Ali and Foreman do.The most interesting insight is Ali's love of training and hard work.  His last few years as a boxer tend to ruin his image in this regard. But it is Ali's extraordinary hard work and mental toughness that made him the greatest.  Also interesting is Foreman's regret over not getting up from the knockdown in the Ali fight and the motivation that gave for his comeback.Despite Bert Sugar's best efforts to the contrary, the book is worthwhile for boxing fans and those old enough to remember the true fight of the century on March 8, 1971.
There is some good, useful information in this book. But personally I found it hard to get past the country boy, hick lingo that he uses so much. For example, "Never Try to Milk a Steer". There are so many metaphors like this, I couldn't get through the whole book because I was laughing instead of absorbing the information. Most of the information is good, but if the book was more well written it would be alot better. I stopped reading this book and moved on to another one that I purchased at the same time, Millionaire Real Estate Mentor, I think its written by Russ Whitney or Ross Whitney, something like that. That one is awesome so far and I would recommend it above this book any day.
I wasn't as blown away by this book as I expected to be.  Perhaps the changing times and a different society that exists today as compared to 1986 play a part in forming my opinion.  There was nothing in the book that truly captured my imagination, nor did I find the book to be a particularly shocking portrayal of American society.The literary narrative didn't grab me, either.  I found the writing to be dry and unspirited.  Ellis's efforts in &quot;American Psycho&quot; were far superior.Perhaps I'm judging this book harshly and unfairly.  After all, it was Ellis's first novel and it was published nearly 20 years ago.  Still, it didn't entertain me, nor did it cause me to think particularly.  Overall, I was disappointed.
Even after hearing bad reviews beforehand, I thought I would give it a shot since I loved the first book. But, the truth is, this book is boring, the characters are boring and the entire time all Cortney does is complain.Don't waste your time, I could hardly even finish this, and I usually love all books.....poorly done :(
There were many times I found myself thinking "you'd swear two people wrote this book" such was the polarized nature of the writing. Then I'd slap my forehead. We alternated between the 'Porky's Goes To Princeton' style (one third of the entire book) - which laboured over every detail of campus life to the extent that I was certain floor plans and road maps would be included - and the academic study of the Hypnerotomachia itself, which was a vastly more intriguing tale even without the nailed on murder plots.Having achieved the aim of unravelling the books mystery, the story of the subsequent 10 years is then wrapped up inside the last 5 or so pages leaving me wondering whether either a sequel is in the offing or did they simply exhaust themselves describing each brick in the walls of Princeton.
Terrible book. The guy in the story is a loser and not a good influence for anyone reading it. Very little meaning behind it at all. I do not recommend this book to anyone. It is a little interesting to read though.
Basics were ignored here. Scotland suffered just as much as England in WW2. Glasgow was more or less flattened. 'Hoots mon, och aye, aye lassie' type of language is simply cringy. Noone actually speaks like that in Scotland. 'Doon the brae', 'Hoovering,'  'pickled herrings.'- the list goes on. The idea that it rains all the time and the ongoing lifestyle is non stop gossip is bordering on racial bigotry. I wonder it got past the editors.Lack of authenticity devolved down to a blood lust that was repetitive and boring.I understand the author finally made it over to Scotland and I do hope she was able to revise her seriously skewed ideas, enjoy the sunshine - the two places with the most sunshine hours in the UK are in Scotland - and actually speak to some real Scots. It's a pity she hadn't done that before writing the books.
I have no idea why this book got consistantly high ratings.  I can only surmise that the people who have used this book are already Apache geeks.I have a lot of development experience in server development, and have developed in IIS among many other things.  I've only used Apache to serve static pages and I wanted to develop an Apache module to replace my use of the IIS ISAPI (i.e. building a DLL).  No matter how sophisticated or smart you are, when starting on a new project you need basic direction on how to get started, ESPECIALLY with the development environment.  We're all familiar with the "Hello World" concept.  Let me give you my "Hello World" experience with this lousy book:It starts off encouraging as it give some broad concepts of Apache.But it rapidly degrades into massive amounts of information with no conceptual framework on how all these things fit together.  The first 4 chapters read largely like a reference book (i.e. you see lots of information that might be useful in the future, but you're totally confused).  But it's not as good as a reference book because it's not indexed that way.Finally in Chapter 5 it gets to the Hello World applicaiton.  Again, extremely confusing, but at least there is a source code example.  I thought to myself, "OK, finally I'm going to see if I can something basic working by just typing in the code".  I'm working on Windows in Developer Studio.  So I went to [...] and downloaded the binaries and the source.  The book, said NOTHING about how to download Apache and what components you need, but I figure, OK, well apache is widely used, so this should be pretty straight forward......  NOT if you're developing modules!!!I typed in the code example, and immediatley I couldn't figure out how to compile it as I was missing headers.  I installed the apache source components, and found headers, but not all of them!.  Then I saw, OK, I have to use a tool called "apxs" which is clearly indicated in the book.  OK, I thought I'll try that instead of first trying to compile it in my development environment.  Guess what?  "apxs" is not installed with Apache!!!!  I thought, "OK this is frustrating, OK, well it can't be difficult to find".  Well after several hours I some some win32 version that had to be installed with perl.  OK, so I downloaded Active Perl, and ran that scripts.  Well that failed, because it toldPme I needed "libhttpd".  What the heck is that?  I'm smart, but I can't read the minds of the Apache developers and the author of the book.  I started looking around for the apache-dev module which appears to contain "apxs", but that is nowhere to be found.  I found something in Debian but that was a rat hole of confusion and wasted time.  Well needless to say after googling around for 2 DAYS!  I found no solution!  Can you imagine how aggravating that is.So I'm going to return this %^&^#%%# bookAnd I still don't understand how development works.  This lousy author provided no conceptual framework!  Can you use your own compiler (e.g. Dev Studio)?  How do you test, how do you debug.  I have to build an interface to MySQL, and I want to debug that in my environment first then debug while the server is running. a There appears to be some information at the end of the book, but I quite frankly have no desire to continue wasting my time with this crappy book!
Not one of my favorite books by McEwan. I did not enjoy the dark storyline. Finished only because it was easy to skim and be done with it.
As I began to read this book, I guess it was just not one of the books that caught my attention to finish reading.
im not learning algebra for the first time, but got the book as a refresher in algebra.  I have been out of school for over 15 years and wanted to re learn math.  Initially the book starts of well, but then it just seems to cram in  material not focus on the steps taken to solve the question.  So i think it fall shortin this area. because i umderstood math i havw been able to figure out howmthenanswer came about, but if your new to algebra you may find this book just as fustrating as e class.  I think they shoukd have just used less questions and shown more on how they got the answer.
EMPIRE EXPRESS by David Bain is 797 pages, printed on cheap off-white newspaper-type paper, with a generous 32-page collection of black and white photographs from the late 1800s. There is also a generous collection of notes, with bibliography (page 713-777).EMPIRE EXPRESS gets off to a bad start, because of the frequent use of confusing English. What is confusing is the habit of burying the subject in the middle of a sentence, instead of starting out the sentence with the subject. Another confusing problem is providing a narrative about a person, but without identifying the person. This might be fine for fiction, but it is not appropriate for a non-fictional history book.Here are some examples. Early in the book, we read the following sentence. What is confusing is that the subject of the sentence is "barque Oscar" is buried in the middle of the sentence, instead of occurring at the beginning or near the beginning. What is also especially confusing is the term "barque Oscar." First, I ask myself, "what is a barque"? I have not encountered this word, at least not in the past 25 years. Then I ask myself, what is a "barque Oscar"? Is a "barque Oscar" a thing? Or does this mean that there is a barque named "Oscar"? If a barque is a boat, and if the boat is named Oscar, then the author should have taken care to explain this sort of thing beforehand."Nine weeks out of New York . . . the leaky and overburdened merchant barque Oscar struggled to round the Cape of Good Hope and was becalmed. Its captain cursed . . ."Then, in the same paragraph, we find the third confusing thing, namely, the author's habit of talking about people without identifying them. Here, the author talks about "its captain" but fails to identify the captain.Then, in the next paragraph, comes more confusion (see below).The second paragraph is even worse. The second paragraph begins: "As was common on Sundays, he tried to pass the time in prayer and meditation. But he found himself brooding over his life." This is really confusing, because we do not know the meaning of the word, "he."Who is this person "he"? The first line in the second paragraph starts out by talking about "he" and hence there is NO ANTECEDENT for determining who is the "he." Looking to the first paragraph, we find the antecendent, which is buried in the phrase, "a pious and sensitive man." But this is a confusing ANTECEDENT, because it does not constitute the NAME of any man, but instead it is a descriptor of a man (he is a sensitive man). Bad English, bad, bad, bad.This book is supposed to be about railroads. However, I find that at least 50% of the writing has NO RELEVANCE TO THE TOPIC OF RAILROADS. There are gobs and gobs and gobs of carefully hewn decorative writing that have NO RELEVANCE TO RAILROADS. Page 57, which is the first page of Chapter Six, contains nothing relevant to railroads. Chapter Six begins, "He could be seen early any weekday morning erupting from his boarding house on Fourteenth Street and charging down Pennsylvania Avenue--a teeming thoroughfare midway between mud and dust because it was springtime . . . it is likely he would have skipped breakfast because he was absolutely unswayingly possessed by his work."Again, on this example on page 57, you can see more bad English, where the author talks about a person, identified only as "he."The book contains huge quantities of journalistic fluff. Here is another example of drivel that fails to provide much information about railroads, this time from page 123:"With their pride in their own forbearance and in their new golden land all wrapped up in the bunting of patriotism and piety, as the speeches went on and on (and on and on) they cheered the prospect of a shortened trip to their childhood homes, they clamored at every mention of Abraham Lincoln, the Union, and free soil, they applauded the notion of Nevada statehood, of a cluster of new states--the happy homes of millions--rising from the Dakota Territory, of precious metals, progression, and civilization . . ."The title of this book implies that it is a scholarly history book. But it is not a scholarly book, and it is not exactly a history book. The book is most appropriately classified as a fictionalized account of history.Several times, over the course of a day, I have tried to get myself interested in this book. But I find the book to be impenetrable. Perhaps the main problem with this book is that the writing always JUMPS INTO THE GRAINIEST OF DETAILS, without bothering to inform the reader what is really going on.Another problem with this book as that the writing sometimes dives into a detailed account of irrelevant details. A typical example of this irrelevant writing is shown below.Here is an example from the first paragraph of Chapter 31 (page 594): "California detained him only ten days--and Collis Huntington would boast many years later of that pellmell race across the continent . . ."Again, please note the bad English, where there is writing about a certain "he" or "him" but where only later on in the paragraph, does the writing decide to identify who this person is.The cover of this book should have stated that this book is, to some extent, a work of historical fiction. The cover of the book should have stated that the goal of this book was to entertain, and not to educate the reader of history, politics, economics, law, and such. To repeat, if you are a fact-based person, you will not like this book. But if you enjoy an easy read that wallows in many tangents, then you enjoy this book. If you enjoy reading irrelevant details, and more irrelevant details, and still more irrelevant details, then this will be the perfect book for you.For a large book relating to technology (not necessarily railroads), I recommend that marvelous book, THE PRIZE by Daniel Yergin. THE PRIZE is about the oil industry. Another fine book that focuses on one particular technology is, The Invention That Changed the World: The Story of Radar from War to Peace by Robert Buderi. The book by Mr.Buderi is the history of radar.
Don't waste your money on this book.  I read the entire 650-page book, which should have been much closer to 200 pages.  The first several chapters, on physics and astrophysics were decently interesting.  However, I had several problems with this book:1) The author frequently repeats the same statement several times in a same chapter.  For example, in the chapter on DNA, the statement that a strand of DNA contained billions of bases was made 3 or 4 times in the same 3 or so pages2) In many chapters, the most interesting content was only to be found in the conclusion.  The content was, of course, only glossed over.3) In several chapters, advanced subject jargon was used, yet never defined.4) There were multiple chapters that made me seriously question the value and veracity of the "science".  To return to the DNA chapter, he says he'll prove that DNA could not have been created by random (even directed random) changes.  This is, of course, true; ironically, he doesn't say anything about it after that statement.  Additionally, the entire chapter on "free energy" was a sham.  Sure, free energy is possible - as long as you define any currently not / little used energy source as "free energy".  Ludicrous sources of truly free (and impossible) energy were presented as supposedly viable.  Oh, and don't forget the chapter in which the author presented the theory that ALL problems (including societal ones) are due to breakdowns in natural laws.  That person who cut you off this morning wasn't a selfish jerk, her actions are merely due to some natural laws not working correctly.  Once again, the word "ludicrous" comes strongly to mind.It's a shame that such potential to be a very valuable and interesting book was given over to this author to be ruined.
I enjoyed all the early books in this series through Book 11.  After reading Book 12 ("The Penultimate Peril") I had reserved judgment.  Though less enjoyable in its own right, it might possibly justify itself if it became apparent, in retrospect, that it was building up to something worth while.Not so.  "The End" fails so badly, that not only does it drag "The Penultimate Peril" into the abyss along with it, but it also detracts from most of the other entries.  Many of the late entries in the series varied intriguingly from formula in a manner that seemed to promise that they were part of something more than a somewhat repetitive series of stand-alone adventures.  This promise has been exposed as a lie.  It is here revealed that there was no real build-up, no over-arching story line, and no real plan.  The "clues" thrown out to create an aura of mystery were never really clues -- just a sort of increasingly-unfunny comic schtick.  None of those little mysteries he builds up in the early volumes will be resolved here.  Some of the early stories perhaps still hold up well enough as stand-alone adventures, but they were never ever more than that.Perhaps it was only to be expected that, since Book 12 offered us a "denouement" that was not really a denouement (even according to his careful explanations of the meaning of the word), this final book would give us an "End" that was not really an End.The series just fizzles out in a miasma of despair that no longer seems to be a joke (and which, in any event, has certainly ceased to be funny).  This, unfortunately, includes moral despair.  Over the course of the last few volumes, the author has torn down the distinction between hero and villain (in a preachy and heavy handed manner) while still clearly expecting us to retain full sympathy for the heroes.  The unmistakeable message is that growing up necessarily involves abandonment of one's moral principles, as one prepares to survive in a hostile world.  So, essentially, not only does he himself cop out on resolving the plot, but he is also advocating moral cowardice to his child readers.Do not mistake Snicket's moral despair for moral sophistication.  The series never beomes "morally complex" -- it never begins to approach even the moral complexity of the Harry Potter books.  Snicket does not advocate a complex moral code; he merely suggests that, since a simple one does not work, we should join him in wringing our hands (presumably as a prelude to washing them of responsibility).  Snicket's outlook is so morally unsophisticated that, in his zeal to equate heros and villains, he at one point ignores the distinction between intentional murder and an accident.The Baudelaire children are left, finally, with only their elitism to console themselves.  Even if they, too, have become "villains" like Count Olaf, at least they are still special in the sense that they are still smarter, prettier, and generally superior to the surging masses of stupid ugly humanity.Meanwhile, as plot and morality slide into the abyss, we begin to detect the ugly stench of Allegory amidst the chaos.  My suspicions of allegorical intent were horribly confirmed when Sunny uttered a certain word beginning with "D".  I will say no more of this, if you dislike allegory as much as I usually do, such revelations are bound to spoil any enjoyment of even the earlier books.I did get a couple of chuckles from Snicket's usual word-play.  Though few and far between, these moments of amusement have nonetheless inspired me to give this book 2 stars rather than the minimum of 1.
This book is good overview for UML however examples given are too easy and not comprehensive enough to explain the subject.
I down loaded &#34;The Catcher In The Rye&#34; onto my Kindle as part of this &#34;modern classic novels&#34; phase that I'm going through. Orwell, H.G. Wells, Capote, etc. You know the type. I've always understood that this novel was a cult classic with inner meanings and supposedly enough impact to cause a man to be motivated to murder John Lennon. Quite similar to that of a man who was motivated to kill a group of celebrities and start a race war because of hidden meanings he thought he heard in the song, &#34;Helter Skelter&#34;. After reading &#34;The Catcher In The Rye&#34;, I don't understand why it has received such praise. It is nothing more than the revelations of an adolescent man's rambling thoughts which at times, make no sense at all. The dialog is reminiscent of that used for the period in which it takes place and at times it took me back to &#34;The Three Stooges&#34; or &#34;The Untouchables&#34;. Though guy talk. The plot is practically nonexistent with no sense of where it should take the reader and really doesn't take the reader anywhere that she or he was before reading the novel. If this book is filled with inner or hidden meanings, I can't for the life of me see them. It's just the aimless ramblings of a manic depressant kid. I could identify with some of the feelings that Holden Caulfield (the main character) expresses with those of my own teenage years, but I don't think that they were interesting enough to write prose about. To sum up, I don't understand what Salinger was trying to say, what he wanted the reader to see or feel, or where he wanted to take them. I was very disappointed with this piece and thought about putting it down for good several times during my reading. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
As an undergrad in college I was required to read this novel for an English course--go figure.  From what I remember the story is centered around a woman who is caught up in a theocratic regime which takes over the US, and she is forced to abhorrent things like have men in the administration sire children through her.Looking back now, the situation described in the novel reminds me more of the Stalin regime than any type of theocracy I can think of, even the kind they have in some muslim countries (Yevgeny Zamyatins "We" comes more to mind--Stalin admired that novel).  In fact, the "abhorrent" situation I described above is not much unlike the "Lebensborn" program (a.k.a. "human stud farm") which Heinrich Himmler used to propagate the "Aryan" race during the Third Reich.  And you youngsters who have been brainwashed into believing that Hitler's government was Christian, you ought to read up on the occult roots of Nazism (see e.g. Peter Levenda's book).
It's been shown that beautiful people get higher interest rates on investments! Why didn't he know this, he must have been living under a rock. It's hard to believe the author studied this for years but missed the most important contributors to "good luck" that are parentage, height and beauty! There have been several shows on TV that demonstrated how beautiful people get breaks that others don't but the author must have never seen them.  He talks a lot about how some people claim to be lucky for finding their ideal mate but never seemed to notice that most women are looking for someone "tall, dark and handsome".  You never see women looking for someone short, pasty and average looking so it's going to be easier for someone tall and handsome to meet women. He also talks about how important it is to develope connections but didn't take it far enough and never mentions how important it is for success to have rich parents with a lot of important connections! You can bet that Donald Trump's kids have a lot of important connections that bring them "good luck" in everything they do but the kids of an hourly worker aren't going to have any at all and their luck is going to be a lot worse in comparison.Also he completely missed the influence of celebrity and favoritism! He must have noticed that celebrities get criminal charges dismissed with just a slap on the wrist while anyone else gets years in prison and that celebrities get lots of expensive stuff given to them free that anyone else would have to pay for, if they could afford it at all. Or that straight A students in school from the rich part of town always get straight A's no matter what kind of work they do in class while other studends get B's and C's even when they submit the same level of work.I don't know how Wiseman could have missed all this, he must be a moron!  He seems to think that a persons "good luck" is caused mostly by their attitude, that if they think they will be lucky they are more likely to be lucky. That's nonsense since a lot of things that contribute to a person's "good luck" aren't even influenced by the person much less have anything to do with their attitude. The author says that a person's luck has a lot to do with his attitude but if you think about it that's ridiculous because it would mean the person has to have supernatural powers to influence his luck. He would have to be psychic, clairvoyant or have some other super power to be able to influence things around him just by using the power of his mind but there are no people like that except in the movies.  I think the author should go back and do his study all over again but consider the real reasons for luck this time not just what he sees in the movies!Another thing is a study was just released that found that children born during the first part of the year in January and February do better in life than those born later in September, October, etc.  It turns out that children born sooner in the year who start school are more mature than those born later so they are more developed than the other students in their classes. In turn they get better grades and they get more attention from the teachers because they are doing better, etc. Later on they tend to be the class presidents, head cheerleaders, be more popular and have more dates and so on and end up doing better later in life because they got a better start. It's becoming such a big problem that some parents are actually holding their children back a year before they start school so they will appear to be more advanced than the other students. Of course the author couldn't have know about this either since the study was just released but that's another reason he should scrap his old study that is terribley flawed and start over to try and get it right this time.
I'll admit, I was mislead by the reviews.  So many people labeled this book as the best romance book ever.  I'm still trying to shake some of its disturbing images from my head.  I won't do a recap of the book because it's already been done enough.  I will say that some of the reviews that bashed the book about the amount of sex or Jamie beating Claire did not bother me while reading the book.  No man should ever hit a woman, but that was how things were done back then and he also talked to her about the danger she put herself and others in before hand.  He spanked her like you would a child.  As for the amount of sex, it was more implying that they had sex, not vivid descriptions of sex.  That is not the same thing.  My problems with the book was that I felt too much time was devoted on threads that went no where.  Why waste 10 pages on a person or issue that will never be mentioned again???  At one point, I just started skimming.  My main issue with this book was the torture that the hero Jamie had to go through.  I agree with one reviewer who said it seemed like that author didn't like someone named Jamie.  I'm sorry, but there is NOTHING romantic about a man trading himself sexually to the villain for his wife's freedom.  And then for the ordeal to be described????  Too much.
Piero Piambotto, &quot;Piambo&quot;, is one of the most sought after portraitists in New York in the middle of the 19th century. One day he is accosted by one blind Watkin telling him that his employer wants to commission him to paint her portrait. Provided that he manages to disengage himself from his current promises at once, Watkin's employer is willing to pay Piambo three times as much as he would have earned with his other engagements. Piambo agrees and he is soon to meet the mysterious Mrs Chrabuque at her place. She appears behind a screen and explains to Piambo that he will have to paint her without ever being allowed to cast an eye on her. He will be allowed to visit Mrs Chrabuque for an hour daily and from the information she will give him, he will have to construct in his mind an image of her and paint her. If Piambo manages to capture her likeness, she is ready to double the already overwhelming money she is willing to pay him.The idea for the plot of this novel is excellent and it would have been interesting to follow the painter's mind to see how he succeeds in actually picturing a face he is not allowed to see. Unfortunately, Piambo is soon drawn into an adventure with Shenz, a fellow artist, who persuades him to try to cheat and find a way to discover what Mrs Charbuque looks like. Then there Mrs Charbuque's long narrative about her father being a crystalogogist and his science of reading snow flakes. In the end there is so much mysticism that the topic of art and painting slides into the background as we watch Piambo being involved, as he states himself, into an &quot;affair resembling a convoluted dream shattered by waking&quot; which poses the question of the credibility of the whole plot.
As others have pointed out, this version is missing critical portions that totally ruin one of the greatest mysteries in the English language. Free is generally good, but not in this case.
I really respect Prahalad, but this book is probably the worst I have read about innovation (the title is misleading because the book is not about 'Innovation' at all). He iterates around two simple ideas of current 'drivers' for innovation (R=1 N=G), which are crystal clear for most of us who live in this globalized world.The book is full of anecdotes poorly constructed, that barely address the point he tries to make and that have very little academic rigor. His constant references to ICICI, ING and so on are tiring.For drivers of innovation, go to tradicional literature such as Schumpeter. Utterback and Christiansen are also very good. For something more practical information about innovation embedding, read 'Innovation to the Core' or 'Innovator's Guide to Growth'.
With many readers, I found the experience of dropping into this conception of cultural/political pre-war Germany interesting, if uncomfortable. The protagonists' more neutral, rational stand on the Jewish racism, and the greater focus on other features of German culture at the time, allowed the stories to feel palatable temporarily - well, for about a book and a half. But the misogynistic and homophobic material eventually overwhelmed the interest. While possibly accurate, these both became so distasteful as to "put me off". I appreciate the quick dip into a deeper understanding. But I don't want to live in a woman-as-object or homophobic culture now, and I lost my interest in living in it for my literature.
What can one say about a history book written by men who believe the actions of the USSR under Stalin and Lenin were morally equivalent to actions of the United States?  The murder of millions of Russians is tossed away like a statistic while actions of the United States, mostly unnamed, are viewed as equally heinous.  Where are the piles of bodies produced by the American system?  Is slavery, the internment of Japanese Americans for 4 years, or fire bombing the Germans and Japanese really the same thing as murdering millions of farmers who refused to be "socialist"?  Is it really the same as the cultural revolution in China that killed additional millions on top of those already murdered by Mao during his tenure?Drawing a moral equivalence between the history of the USA and the USSR, Red China and other brutal dictatorships is outrageous on its face.  To say "The US did bad things too" is certainly no answer.  The authors are no better than the liberals who visited the Soviet Union during Stalin's reign and came back praising the communist knowing full well that Stalin and Linen were murdering and enslave everyone in that country.  Anyone who thinks like this is simply a basher of America, its heritage, and its culture.Another problem is the outright misrepresentation of history.  Naturally, the authors love President Kennedy and praise him for handling the Cuban Missile Crisis.  They actually think the missile crisis was precipitated by a looming US invasion of Cuba.  That is an outright lie.  What started the Cuban crisis was Kennedy's super poor performance in a summit with Khrushchev.  The Soviet leader decided Kennedy was soft and would not confront the USSR if pushed.  The second reason for the Cuban crisis was the US had missiles in Turkey that Khrushchev wanted to match.  By putting missiles into Cuba he would have the same quick strike capability as the US.  This is why the crisis developed - not because the US was planning an invasion.Note also, the Russians clearly "won" the showdown.  Kennedy removed the missiles from Turkey and promised the US would never invade Cuba.  Khrushchev got everything he could have wished for.  The truth was hidden from the American people because it would have cost the Democrats the next election.  Why hide what really happened?  Because the President would have been viewed correctly as backing down to the Soviets instead of coming out the "hero" of the hour.  It was pure political twist that made the Cuban Missile Crisis into a Kennedy victory.  That an outright lie like this could continue to be perpetrated in any history book is beyond belief.One final comment about the "invasion" of Cuba which was never going to take place.  Do the authors really think their hero was going to order the invasion of Cuba?  No invasion could take place without the order of President Kennedy, which would be an act of war without Congressional authorization of any kind (not that Truman hadn't already done it), and that act of war was going to take place, according to the authors, before any missiles had been found on the island.  Would their hero really order such an act?  Nixon wouldn't have done that, much less Kennedy.  Was an invasion of Cuba being "planned."  Of course.  The USA has plans to invade, or go to war with, nearly every nation on earth.  Cuba was no different.  The authors show absolutely no comprehension of military affairs.On Truman and his change of policy after the death of Roosevelt, the authors claim Truman's actions started a cold war that was avoidable if Roosevelt had lived, are also misplaced.  Stalin had broken every promise to the USA and all the other Western Allies, he wasn't paying back any of the loans, he allowed the Polish resistance to be slaughtered by the Nazis in Warsaw, he was hell bent on conquering all of Europe that was possible without starting another war with the west, and he was expanding east as quickly as feasible.  Soviet armies continued to advance into Manchuria, China, and Korea for weeks AFTER Japan had surrendered.  Soviet troops were refusing to leave Iran.  In other words, Truman's shift in policy was entirely justified and was supported by the Western Allies.Why is it that the internment of Japanese Americans was so horrible but the imprisonment of thousands of US citizens by Lincoln without a trial or even an arraignment during the Civil War was fine?  At least the actions of the US in holding the Japanese Americans was reviewed and ruled lawful by courts at the time (Yes, even the US Supreme Ct in an opinion written by the very liberal Justice Douglas said the internment was lawful).  The courts during the Civil War, including the US Supreme Court, held Lincoln's actions unlawful.  All Lincoln did was ignore them while arresting newspaper editors that criticized his war policies.  So why is Lincoln hailed and the American policies of 1942 trashed?Other historical comparisons abound.  Why was it bad to fire bomb and drop A-bombs on Japan, but OK to burn Georgia to the ground, including Atlanta, when Sherman marched to the sea?I could go on and on, but the bottom line is simple: this "history" is too slanted to be of use to anyone seeking any kind of balanced viewpoint.  Please don't get me wrong.  I know that historians include their viewpoint in what they write.  The mere choosing of a series of events as being more important than others requires a person to exercise their viewpoint.  And history is NOT science.  It is highly subjective.  Ok, I get that.  But a real historian must struggle to bring out a balanced viewpoint.  One way is to at least mention opposing views or include facts that might mitigate the viewpoint presented.  None of this is done in this book.  The authors might at least admit their point of view is ultra liberal, but that isn't done either.  If one is going to write a book exclusively from one point of view at least tell the readers what that is before they buy the book.  Make the slant plain.  These authors do not.  One star.
Well this was disappointing. I've read 20 or more books on the subject, some good and some just trash. I had read that Good was a serious researcher so I ordered two of his books. Haven't read the second one, but not looking forward to it.  I got through about 3/4 of the book and then decided to cut my losses.The first account, one of &#34;Kelly&#34; and her encounter on a lonely road at night was believable. I had read it before elsewhere, so nothing new.Then to &#34;Castillo&#34;--heard this one before, too, and didn't believe it then either. There is so much embellishment and the story just gets ridiculous.The third story just goes on and on about an alien creature in Italy where the witness got to take some photos. The photos look terribly fake, and then after reading page after page of a one-person testimony, it is disclosed that the photographer/witness was a professional sculpture. hahaha  He also sold his story to tabloids. Maybe the last quarter of the book is good...I doubt I'll never know.
I'm not sure what the competition was in 1988, but I find it hard to believe that Pete Dexter's &quot;Paris Trout&quot; was the best the American literary community had produced that year for the National Book Award. This award giving out to the most outstanding work of Fiction in a given year includes the names of past honorees, William Faulkner, Delillo, Gaddis, Roth, etc. I'm sorry to say that Pete Dexter is not one of these. The premise behind the story has promise. A small town racial murder and how that town and the main characters deal with the aftermath. We do find ourselves frightened of Trout, shocked by the blatant racism, and fearful of the silent acceptance that lies beneath, but in Dexter's hands the story falls short. The writing doesn't come across as anything above the norm. Some of the plot events seem to be thrown in just for shock value and nothing more. Out of all the books that my wife and I have read aloud together &quot;Paris Trout&quot; is one of the more forgettable. If you are looking at knocking of some National Book Award winners, go read Delillo's &quot;White Noise.&quot; The award going to &quot;Paris Trout&quot; in '88 just seems a little fishy to me.
I read this well-reviewed Donna Tartt book because I had absolutely adored &#34;The Goldfinch.&#34;  Referring to reviews for &#34;Secret History,&#34; I expected another good read.  Did we we all read the same book?  Did I miss something?  For whatever reason, this just didn't resonate with me.  &#34;Secret history&#34; focuses on a group of despicable people.  That's not the problem.  I love &#34;The Sopranos.&#34;  Boris, in &#34;The Goldfinch,&#34; is truly a flawed character, but so real that jumped off the page at me.  A complex character, Boris was capable of great charm, making him endearing, despite his flaws.No, I don't need to read about likable characters.  These characters just gave me nothing.  They did not differentiate themselves from each other.  I kept getting them mixed up.  Tartt's imagery and symbolism was heavy-handed in this book.  Too much snow, blood and fire.  I missed the lovely lengthy descriptions where she paints with words.  And there was no justice in this book.  I'm truly sorry I spent the time with it., but I look forward to Tartt's next work.
Assigned to review 90,000 pages of Acrobat document in connection with a lawsuit, I was particularly interested in Acrobat's Search feature. Given the size of the project (90,000 pages), I bought three books, seeking to familiarize myself with Acrobat's search capabilities:1. This book,How to Do Everything Adobe Acrobat X2.Adobe Acrobat X Classroom in a Book; and3.Adobe Acrobat X PDF Bible.The first book (this one) proved to have virtually nothing on the Search featue. Afer looking through it, it appeared to me to be generally useless.The second book provided a nice overview of Acrobat X for the average user, including the Search feature. It is clearly written and would appear to be the best choice for the average user.The third book suffrs from organizational problems, but it has a good index and I was ultimarely able to answer all my questions, although slowly. It is the book of choice for users who anticipate calling on all of Acrobat's many features.
I bought this book to learn something new about Flash (I just upgraded to 4) and to use as a reference, as it is smaller than the other Flash books I own. I sadly report that the book served neither purpose.Light on information, this book rehashes the same information that has been in Flash  books since version 2 of the program! The tutorials are much easier to  understand with a file to go along, and the book hardly touches on the  scripting features that make Flash 4 such a great upgrade.As for a  reference tool... The index at the back of the book is totally useless.  Scripting commands are not even listed in many cases, and the info that  does have a page number is usually not correct.Pass this book up, but  the Quickstart guide, it is so much better.C
After reading this book (which took about 10 minutes), I wondered why I still work for a living when you can make millions of dollars writing simple books for simple people.  It amazes me still how these things (this book, the One Minute Manager, etc.) become cult classics in the business world.  While giving a cute story to illustrate human reactions to change, the serious reader interested in change management/grief process should read Elizabeth Kubler-Ross and Viktor Frankl.
I got this as a present, flipped through it looking for something helpful and didn't find a single thing.  Most of it seemed to be re-hashing of stuff you can find on the web for free.  In fact the only thing that was at all helpful was the list of web sites at the end of the book.  Fortunately, my wife had saved the receipt and I returned the book.  Don't waste your time or money with this.
I cannot fathom why anyone became famous, or wealthy, for writing this material...  "The Catcher In The Rye" is one long, rambling, goofy, repetitive in the *extreme* diatribe...presented as an ode to Borderline Personality Disorder.  It's like page after page after page...of absolutely nothing.  And at the end of it all, there is no pay off.  There is no conclusion to the story.  Don't hope for one; it is not there.Holden Caulfield gets kicked out of school (again), but he doesn't do anything amazing with his time, except wander around for a weekend.  He gets drunk, but he never really has much fun doing it.  He picks up with a prostitute, but he gets no action.  His creepy room mate dates his childhood friend, but nothing whatsoever comes of that either.  His teacher cops a feel on him in the middle of the night, but the one he gets is really pretty silly to read about.  He gets slapped around some, but never gets the stuffing knocked out of him, nor any sense knocked in.  He gets sick toward the end, but he's not suffering from anything major.  And after 200 pages of terror over what his parents will think, you never actually hear what they have to say.  All the reader knows is, Holden's intelligence is upstaged by a 10 year old.  Worst of all, after all of this whining & carrying on...  Holden doesn't come to any important new realizations about life, himself, or anyone else.The realization I came to on the final page, is that just because a piece of writing is referred to as "a classic", that does not mean it is particularly well written, or profoundly meaningful.  J.D. Salinger wrote a relatively small collection of fiction, "The Catcher In The Rye" was his most "outstanding" writing, it was the hallmark of his life's work, it became famous for some vague reason, & yet...  It says nothing.  I don't know how it inspired 3 infamous stalker-killers to carry it around with them, when they went off to do their deeds...  Personally, I would be embarrassed to have this book found on me at the scene of a crime.  I'd probably lie, & say it was the victim's...So I researched this book & its author online, hoping to find some redeeming quality, some critically important point, or theme I must have missed.  My first realization was the possibility that perhaps Holden Caulfield didn't accrue any hard won life wisdom on his 3 day lost weekend, because the author himself didn't live his life any wiser, in regards to the people around him.  I also discovered that the book's primary cultural value is "a liturgy to teenage angst".  But there are far better ones out there...  If you're looking for this in literature, "Ask Alice" is much more significant work, & it gets far more accomplished as a piece of writing.
Lateral thinking is right-brain processing. de Bono didnt invent anything new.I'm a de Bono fan going back to 1968 and his book NEW THINK. But since 1972, or so, all de Bono does is repackage NEW THINK and sell it to new converts and acolytes.
old Mr. Salinger has failed to follow the example of his great master, Miguel Cervantes de Saavedra, who, rather than running and griping to a judge when a scrub writer wrote a sequel to his immensely popular work ("Don Quixote", namely), got busy and wrote a sequel himself, in which he mocked the pirate sequel writer.Readers, get hold of60 Years Later: Coming Through the Ryeby Frederik Colting, or David California,or whatever his name is, and let old Mr. Salinger write his own sequel. Or maybe hire another writer to do it, since most 90-year olds don't have the energy for this sort of thing (Sophocles is the only exception I can think of). And THEN we can ALL complain about the quality of Mr. Salinger's ghost writer's sequel, and write our OWN sequels, which incorporate Mr. Salinger's ghost writer's sequel, which incoroporates Mr. Colting's sequel, and maybe we can just KEEP getting incorporated by new sequels ...You're not going to surpass Cervantes in any other way.
Berger isn't making artistic observations as much as social commentary.  He gives not-so-subtle hints that he's basically a communist and talks about how European Art serves the purposes of the elite (from feudalism to capitalism) to oppress &quot;the majority.&quot;  There is even an entire chapter talking about art oppressing women.That said, I see three ways people would refer to this book:#1 - People who hold a similar (or the same) position,  these would point to this book as an authoritative statement to prove their position#2 - People who hold the opposite position, these people would just pass it off and meaningless propagandaAnd finally, the way I came at it:#3 - As a academic workAnd it is the failure to survive as an academic work that requires me to rate this book poorly.  First I must say, I was interested in hearing how Berger would argue his position, so please don't simply accuse me of disregarding the book because I don't agree with the thesis.Basically, Berger takes some observations from Art History, formulates his thesis, and then fails to give ANY argumentation for his thesis.  That is what I find unforgivable.  No doubt people will point to certain passages as his 'argument.'  But any such passages are nothing but references back to the works that helped Berger formulate his thesis.  At best one could call this further explanation of his theory, at worst you can accuse him of circular reasoning.  Because of this, I was tempted to throw the book across the room many a time while reading it.Finally, I'm forced to label this book as pseudo-academic and give it the lowest recommendation possible.
I honestly thought that this book by Steinbeck is pointless. It is so short, it really has not plot at all! Yes, it does show the value of friendship, and offers plenty of bookgroup discussion, but I was not thrilled. It really was much too short to go anywhere.
When a group of archaeologists is forced to travel back in time to the middle ages, will they change history?  Change their own lives?  How does time travel interact with history?  This book ignores these questions entirely, in favor of having the main characters jump around like a bunch of jack rabbits.So, if the classic problems of time travel fiction are ignored, how is the story told?  Are there relationships worthy of note?  No.  Two potential love stories are barely sketched in.O.K., how about some educational conflicts between twentieth century characters and medieval realities?  There is some of this -- characters are surprised at how strong men and women who work with physical labor were, there are some interesting medieval technologies presented... but the setting is barely utilized.So what is here?  A movie script. Some babes, some brawny guys, a lot of sword fighting, and that is about it.  Instead of a potential classic, we have popcorn fare.  Each character is presented with just enough detail to guide a casting director.  Crichton is basically publishing a rough draft of his movie outline here.  I suggest that you wait for the movie, and if gets a decent re-write, it might be worth seeing.  Ignore the book unless you really really love this sort of stuff.
This book was required as the lab portion of an introductory computer science class I took as an 'update' since my last computer class was in 1994.  If you have any experience at all using microsoft programs - word, excel, powerpoint, and access - you will find this text incredibly tedious.  At one point in a word assignment, it has you type some text, highlight it and click the icon to make it double spaced, look at it to see how it's different, then go back to single spaced.  If you don't know what double spacing means, you've been living under a rock and have no business near a computer.  The detailed instructions are needlessly obtuse and presented in a non-intuitive order.  I found every aspect of using it deeply frustrating - if there had been a cliffs notes version that just got to the point, that would've been infinitely better.
Having just rewatched SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, and desperately needing some low-brow entertainment, I bought HANNIBAL. Although Harris can be compelling in parts, he allows minor characters to take up loads of space with their banal babbling, while Starling's major nemeses are two-dimensional caricatures. I guess the goal is to make us feel 'alright' with their gruesome ends -we become participatory in their deaths- but they are so ludicrous that they are not particularly interesting (Krendler, Verger, etc). Basically, everyone in the the book is crazy as hell, which sort of takes away from Lecter's monstrosity, making him less interesting. Starling's boring Elektra complex compounds the dullness. Mind-numbing lists of Lecter's effete purchases give the novel a feel of bland inertia. Then some icky guy dies an icky death, and it hardly seems notable.Grammatical errors and typos abound. Apparently Dell editors are either cowards or clueless. Either way they should be fired. Harris' style at the beginning of each chapter is particularly annoying: each introductory being short, hapless fragments in the style of a screenplay. Incomplete sentences simply denote bad writing. He tries to engage the reader as the observer (&quot;Now we are walking up the steps where blah blah blah&quot;) but it all falls flat and the tense gets all screwed up. The narrative is disrupted with such attempts at flair, and the scenes are subsequently poorly constructed. I got the feeling like he was writing this novel in order to make a bundle of the movie, and the fluidity of the prose suffered as a consequence. This makes the flow of the narrative very tedious.The conclusion of the book elevates Starling and Lecter to a mythic inhumanity. It is so melodramatic that you feel as if you have lost all touch with the characters. Harris adores his creations too much, and it kills the story in the end. I give this book two stars because I'm not one of the die-hard fans who has had his hopes and dreams crushed by this silly book; plus the movie  managed to be even dumber.
One here should pay attention to the fact that out of 224 pages only about 88 pages were authored by Livermore, the remaining part is Richard Smitten's commentary.Livermore wrote seven chapters:"Challenge of Speculation", "When Does a Stock Act Right?", "Follow the Leaders", "Money in the Hand", "The Pivotal Point", "The Million Dollar Blunder", "Three Million Dollar Profit" and Appendix: "The Secret Market Key". These chapters are an interesting read, more of a general, anecdotal trading advice than anything dangerously or revealingly specific; more of a reflection than a battle song. Then again, why would a "loner, famously tight-lipped operator" would wanna make you an animal on Wall Street? At the very core of Livermore's trading strategy was the "Pivotal Point" (trend reversal). All his trading (whether it was short or long) boiled down to the recognition and timed entry or exit at the Pivotal Point . The problem is that you will have to accept only the following explanation as to what the Pivotal Point is: "A change in basic market direction- the perfect psychological time at the beginning of a new move. It is a major change in the basic trend." There is no calculation, algorithm, further delineation given, you get a nice, tidy, utterly useless definition. Clearly, you are not gonna make millions with this "secret".  As for the "Secret Key": it is a written form of simply recorded prices. Livermore was not a "chartist", so he scribbled pages after pages filled with prices arranged in six columns. Here a look at the simplest chart worth 30 odd pages of scribbles. Surely it is easier to see resistance, support, trend reversal graphically, then following columns of numbers.Richard Smitten wrote the "Commentary":This part is a mixed bag. He is using a more useful and structured description of the Livermore method, using highlights, current stock charts and quotes. For awhile you truly appreciate his efforts. But when he ends up repeating the very same things an average of FIVE times, advertising his future book (with "Current Reviews"!) and website, you will start having the uneasy feeling about being cheated and your reading time abused. The same goes for the pictures of Livermore and his family; while they are interesting, they have nothing to do with titled purpose of the book. (Why did Mrs. Livermore shoot poor lil' Jesse? Why did Jesse shoot the dog? Oh, well, please read my next book on these...)
I finally gave in and bought this book against my better judgement because I couldn't escape reading ABSOLUTELY EVERYWHERE that it was the scariest and best horror novel of all time.  I found no horror here.  What made this even more bizarre was that when a "ghostly occurrence" or "scary" part would happen, all the characters had the strangest reactions to it.  They all laughed hysterically and were giddy the next day, leaving me clueless to comprehend how I was supposed to interpret it.Ultimately, I gave in and bought the book because I read a review that explained the book was actually scary because Eleanor is an unreliable narrator, and I can dig that.  But this device was just too little, too late.  Sure, she seemed rather unstable, but Shirley Jackson didn't do too great of a job convincing me if that house had any problems or not, and if it was haunted, did it even matter?  She just failed on both sides of the story, as far as I'm concerned.Richard Matheson's "Hell House" is a beast horror novel in general but especially compared to this one.  It's basically the same premise except it's actually a horror novel, and it's actually scary.  Much recommended.
Just because the author throws in some mythology, does not mean this book offers any kind of intelligent reading. I found it to be typical, modern day twaddle. Did not finish it..made it to about page 75..could not even make myself skim read the rest.
The first 50 pages manages to capture Bill Clinton's combination of sincerity and self-aggrandizing perfectly but once the Gennifer Flowers character enters the scene the book dies a slow lingering death. No longer is the book about politics. Instead it's about the world of the campaign worker that has to suffer with every headline. That might make compelling drama in the hands of a better writer but Joe Klein merely makes the entire thing an exercise in tedium. As the book moves along from scandal to scandal the reader is left with the feeling of reading National Enquirer instead of something serious.While other journalists praised the book for being so true to the campaign, this is the kind of bloodless book that a journalist would write. There's not one compelling character. Every character speaks in soundbites and none of them are very interesting. Most of them wear out their welcome by the second page they appear on.Even worse is the decision to make the main character black. While Klein manages to say some cool things about race relations in the aforementioned first fifty pages, he's then stuck with writing a black character that can't shut up about being black - yet sounding WASPish. That wouldn't be so bad if a jive-talking standin for Jesse Jackson didn't come in and turn the entire book into a minstral show for about 4-5 pages. In that moment you can tell that Joe Klein is just as cautious about race as the narrator accuses other white people of being - mostly because Joe Klein is very obviously a White Guy trying to write Black and failing miserably.Besides those obvious flaws there are also the boring subplots including the second infidelity of the "Jack Stanton" character and the romance between the narrator and another campaign aid. A romance that is about as believable as the Jesse Jackson character.I'm not even sure which character is supposed to be Carville. Doesn't matter because nowhere is Carville's personality taken into account.If this book teaches you anything it should be to avoid books that are compared favorably to All the King's Men - another atrociously self-indulgent exercise that loses the main character's personality in the self-conscious narrative.
As a long-time quant trader / software engineer myself, I have to warn that this is not a practitioner's book. Another choice might be "Algorithmic Trading & DMA" by Barry Johnson.
Your first reaction to this book may go along the lines of "wow, this is long", and I completely agree with that statement, this book feels like it never ends. Sure the ideas are great and the feminism and twist on Arthurian legend are great additions, but I still cannot get over its length. Nine hundred pages is an unnecessary length.In this lengthy novel, a different perspective of the often told Arthurian legend is present as it is a narrative from Morgaine's perspective. The plot is definitely suspenseful and interesting, but when it is stretched to cover nine hundred pages, it becomes boring. Morgaine's step brother Arthur, King Arthur of Camelot, weds Gwenhwyfar who has a love interest with Lancelot. On the other hand, Morgaine is also in love with Lancelot; typical love triangle. Well maybe not so typical because here comes the twist: Morgaine bears Arthur's son, Mordred, yes Arthur, as in step brother Arthur. Eventually Arthur and Mordred, his son, have a showdown, but you must read this incredibly never ending novel to find out what happens next. If you are an impatient person, the internet is always an option.The Arthurian legend is actually a very interesting legend, but if you have never been exposed to its wonders, do not read this book because it may forever ruin your opinion and it will cause you to forget what this legend is all about because there is too much information in this giant novel to recall anything.
The only good thing I can say about this book is that it is short.  The characters were uniformly unlikeable and did nothing except drink themselves into a stupor and sleep around.  The book is BOOOORING.  I kept waiting for something to happen, someone to get killed by a bull.  Nothing every happened.  And I must take offense at the frequent derogatory references to the &#34;Jew&#34;.  Yes, Robert was obnoxious, but they were ALL obnoxious.I read this for my local book club.  I can't fathom why anyone would choose this book.  I would give it zero stars if I could.
The Bone People is a book that you eithe love or hate. It is simply a matter of preference for writing style and treatment of subject matter. I personally prefer works that have more structure and direction. Keri Hulmes stream of conciousness &quot;style&quot; seems self-absorbed and limited. It is verbose to the extreme and contains endless lists of words and run on  sentences that appear to be an attempt to hide the fact that very little character development evolves and plot is left out. If this is mysticism, spare me. If this is storytelling, who were the characters and what is the plot? The characters are only shadows that never get fleshed out. The author continuously &quot;drops&quot; hints that never get past first base. I wanted a home run, but the author kept stealing the bases out from under her own feet. Who were these people? In the end, I was glad to see them go because the author did nothing to make me care about them. Dangling bits of information is unfair to the reader and poor writing technique. Finally, the treatment of the themes were selfish and unrealistic. There is no way that &quot;Joe&quot; would be allowed to maintain any connection with Simon after his horrible deeds were discovered by athorities, and I resent the author's attempt to make the reader view Joe as a hero. He is evil. No evil person should be glorified in a novel. Not a person who is a child abuser,  no matter how pitiful the abuser's background. The K.H. character obviously demonstrates that this book is,  at best, fictionalized journal writing that somehow got  published after being thwarted by the mainstream publishers. Sometimes that is good. However, this book needed much more work and the brutal hand of a responsible editor.
The challenge of any one-volume history of the USA is to provide some advantage over specialized works addressing a single aspect of the subject.  A book on the entire history, from the 1580's to the present (i.e., 1999) will of necessity rely mostly on secondary works, since there is no way an historian can review more than a tiny fraction of the necessary primary historical resources.  A comprehensive history will therefore be a third-hand resource, and require a specific purpose.  In some cases, that is met by having many specialists write a book.  In other cases, a single author may want to summarize the general meaning of a nation's history, or simply have a convenient reference book for routine research.  Brogan's book fails at all of these.Brogan really does not appear to think his subject deserved a serious effort to research, much less understand. His chapter on the English settlement of North America is badly clich&eacute;d; for example, he mostly (?) fails to understand that 17th century church denominations had an urgently political dimension: religious denominations of the day were an explicit statement about the legitimacy of certain types of regime.  Hence, the antagonism between (say) Catholics and certain types of Protestants in the 1600's was not the same thing as the bigotry that some Catholics or Protestants feel towards each other today.His chapter on Native Americans reflects a post-1980's understanding that this group has been very badly overlooked and ignored in mainstream historical narratives.  However, his research is badly inadequate, and he compensates by endless bromides.  One example is right after he quotes a passage from John Winthrop on Indians and their rights to the land:"Thus the patriarch of New England, justifying his robberies he meant to commit by the best social science of his day.  Perhaps his style betrays a slightly uneasy conscience; but even if it does not, he should not be blamed overmuch.  The migration of forty million Europeans between 1607 and 1914 is too great a matter to be dealt with by elementary moral texts... Migration, as we have seen, is natural to man.  It cannot be reasonably maintained that... the Europeans were wrong to better themselves by sailing to inhabit the largely empty land." (p.60)Usually these passages in Brogan's work skillfully avoid saying anything whatever.  On the one hand, he wants to judge the European settlers fairly, but when they morph into Americans, he is far less inhibited.  He babbles on with shopworn expressions or caveats, advertising his "nuance"; but the dancing around seems to accomplish nothing more than to weary the reader, and conceal the fact that he really doesn't know very much about his subject at all, and doesn't see why anyone would want to.
Paul Auster is this (Brooklyn) borough&#8217;s poster-boy for story-telling &#8211; but I don&#8217;t get it.THE NEW YORK TRILOGY is the work that first put him on the literary map.  This is my third novel by Paul Auster (or, if you count each third of the TRILOGY as a novel &#8211; which he apparently does &#8211; my fifth.  And still, I don&#8217;t get it.Auster&#8217;s prose is certainly competent &#8211; even compelling, as I discovered in the first two-thirds of &#8220;The Locked Room&#8221; &#8211; the third story in the TRILOGY &#8211; but for my money at least, his story-telling leaves a lot to be desired.To quote from that same &#8220;Locked Room&#8221;:  &#8220;(t)he entire story comes down to what happened at the end, and without that end inside me now, I could not have started this book.  The same holds for the two books that come before it, &#8220;City of Glass&#8221; and &#8220;Ghosts.&#8221;  These three stories are finally the same story, but each one represents a different stage in my awareness of what it is about.  I don&#8217;t claim to have solved any problems.  I am merely suggesting that a moment came when it no longer frightened me to look at what had happened.  If words followed, it was only because I had no choice but to accept them, to take them upon myself and go where they wanted me to go.  But that does not necessarily make the words important.  I have been struggling to say goodbye to something for a long time now, and this struggle is all that really matters.  The story is not in the words; it&#8217;s in the struggle&#8221; (p. 346).I beg to differ, but I think the story is in the words &#8211; if you&#8217;re a writer.  We all struggle, Paul.  But we don&#8217;t all claim to be writers.I&#8217;ll conclude this review with one other citation, this one on p. 370:  &#8220;I lost my way after the first word, and from then on I could only grope ahead, faltering in the darkness, blinded by the book that had been written for me.&#8221;As a very good and close friend used to say to me decades ago whenever I&#8217;d raise some ridiculous &#8216;philosophical&#8217; point:  &#8220;That&#8217;s the kind of epistomo-ontologico-metaphysico question I don&#8217;t deal with.&#8221;  I have to say the same thing after having just finished Paul Auster&#8217;s NEW YORK TRILOGY.RRB6/23/14Brooklyn, NY
This book was painful to read.  I literally groaned aloud every couple of pages.  I've never read such an assault on language, before or since.  (I looked into the author's other books and his style there was completely different, which indicates that his style here was ON PURPOSE.  Which makes it even more cruelly hideous.)  He says everything three times.  In three different ways.  Thrice.  Maybe he's trying to sound hard-boiled.  Kind of like a detective novel.  Shooting for edgy.  And this style never changes, no matter who is talking.  Everyone talks the same way.  They all do.  And the whole book features this awful, choppy, repetitive style.  The entire story is one lame thesaurus.  Cover to cover.Get the picture?  Honestly, hearing the sound of the prose in your head, feels like you're constantly being hit with a blunt object, always in groups of three whacks, but somehow without rhythm.The author's choices of vocabulary are excruciating.  Have you ever used the word "friable" outside of, say, soil studies?  He uses it twice.  British usage appears throughout, although neither the author nor the characters are British.  For example, people say "knit" or "mend" instead of "heal," and he writes "round" in place of "around."  My favorite prose torture moment was when a character says, ostensibly in Spanish, "It's closed. Over. Cerrado."  Since he was speaking Spanish, did he say "cerrado" twice?  And what's with italicizing "tortilla," but not "creme brulee"?  Spanish is a foreign language, but French isn't?As mentioned by other reviewers, this is a story about incredible idiots doing unbelievable things with an inevitability that is not tragic, but farcical (though humorless), and WRONG.  Top that with the world's most hideous prose and you have a book that's just a shameful waste of paper, ink, and time.
Told in first person, the story strayed quite often with inner thinking that appeared to ramble and was sometimes random.  Flashbacks came without transitioning or warning. It was an interesting idea for a novel; the plot was just a little slow moving for my taste. Most importantly though, the ending just left me hanging, which compels me to take away one more star. =(
Though this guide is chock full of information, he does not build. He right away jumps into a convoluted description of "selectors", while including a bunch of things that he says (explain this later), (explain this later). Folks, whenever the author is constantly mentioning stuff that he has not defined yet, it's a bad design for the book. There is so sense of building up--he just jumps into the topic and you feel like you missed something, like there's a chapter missing.I have used CSS for years and was looking for some clarity on a few points of how selectors are used. This book is poorly organized because you feel that he uses stuff in examples that he had not yet explained. For example, on page 9 he jumps into a very complex description of how "specificity calculation(s)" are formed. At this point, the reader has not really been exposed to any real examples of simple specificity. So, this is a book for people like me who already understand CSS and not for beginners.
Rip off!  I could have written this book off the top of my head.  It's all shallow common sense information you can easily read any day in a newspaper or magazine.  Two other problems:  the author continually pushes a commercial website he works for (Fit Brains) and also sells books, dvd's, and brain training gadgets on his own website.  It seems this throwaway book is mainly meant to steer people to the money-extracting sites.  Further, recent studies have shown no evidence that these brain-training programs actually do much of anything for the healthy person.  While exercise, social engagement, spirituality, mental exercise, and good nutrition are obviously good ideas (who doesn't already know this?), commercial brain-training may be an unnecessary addition.
I'm only giving this a 2 for all the research the autor clearly did to go into this book and for the simple fact that the plot basis was pretty interesting...but even the plot became utterly raped and beaten just as the common theme of the story was. I at first could not believe what I was reading when the supposed wonderful Jamie beat Claire up and even admitted to liking it. I also could not believe that there was homosexual rape happening and other near rapes..it was like rape was constant like some wierd fantasy from the author..and then Jamies own sister grabbed him by the balls...oh and Claire had to kill a 16 year old but at the end the Catholic faith supposedly admonished her guilt and that it was all justifed...those examples alone, because there are many more, made me try gruellingly to finish this stupid book. Also it was way too long and droned on and on...and the characters were completely flat to me~no magic in them whatsoever. The senses of humor of everyone were way off too. I never laughed once at the supposed jokes they made. And its plain as ay that they all have the same sense of humor~no diversity of character. Ugh...I could barely even finish and I only realy did because I always finish what I start to read so that I can bare an honest enough account of the story. I wish it was the five stars many people raved about, that is what got me to even read it hoping it would be an awesome read but it was probably one of the worst books I have ever read.
Shirley Hazzard obviously has great literary gifts, but I nevertheless regard this novel as a failure.  The characters are lifeless, one-dimensional and stereotyped, the plot slow-moving, and the language overly ornate. The most vibrant characterization is of Dora, the professional martyr, who raises her two younger sisters, (the protagonists), after they are orphaned.  Hazzard captures the essence of a woman whose joy in life is complaint, and whose ultimate weapon is the suicide threat, but no other character is more than a paper doll, clothed in fancy phrases and incongrous metaphor.  Most of all, this novel is about Shirley Hazzard.  It screams &quot;Look at me!  I can write!  I am wise!  You will have to work if you want to decipher my meaning.&quot;  But was it worth the time?
Must be something &#34;over my head&#34;.  I don't get the popularity of this over the years.  Must be a guy thing.
Bought this for a book club.I'm sure it is a good book, but did not appeal to me. Sorry.
I was happy that this book was given to me as I would have been a little upset if i actually paid for it. For starters what makes for a good fiction is when the author is capable of setting the scene, given the story depth and just as importantly, good character development. Unfortunately this story lacks both. The scene could have taken place in Mr. Redfields living room and it would not have made much of a difference since the reader never gets a  "feel" for Tibet, "Shambhala", or its suroundings. I understand that it is in James Redfields best interest to put his "insights" into fictional form, sort of a safe zone since they lack originality and are at best a naive attempt at delivering his "message". A true evangelist for the "new age". Page 225 from the Celestine Prophecy- ""But what about money?" I asked. "I can't believe that people will voluntarily reduce there incomes." Oh we wont have to Dobson said. "The Manuscript says our income will remain stable because of the people given us money for the insights we provide." Well I think this says it all.
I wanted so much to like this book.  It was on my wish list for a long time, but for some reason I just kept passing up actually buying it.  Then, I saw it in the library and finally brought it home.  I am so glad that I didn't actually pay anything for it.I have read bad books before, but regardless of how awful it is, I always see the book through to the end in the hopes that it will miraculously redeem itself.  Until now.  This is the first book that I just couldn't force down.  I found I was forcing myself to read a couple of chapters each night and then rewarding myself for getting through them by reading a couple of chapters from a more interesting book.  This was also the tactic I took in school to get through a "required read" for class.  Realizing that I'm not in school any longer and that I don't have a lot of time for personal reading, I decided to end my obligation to this book and return it to the library.I do give a 2 star rating because I genuinely believe the story idea is good.  This book had a lot of promise and there were some minorly exciting build-ups.I have 2 major problems with the book.  The first is the writing.  The story digresses so many times, that even when you reach an exciting part, the writing smothers it.  The second problem I had with the book is the pseudo intellectual babble.  I get it - the authors believe that being Princeton graduates makes them intellectual.  Fine.  But no one else really cares about the constant references to eating clubs or Princeton tradition.Believe the hype on this book.  Unless you went to Princeton and are looking to relive your Ivy League glory days, don't waste your precious reading time.
I totally agree with a previous reviewer & sure wish I had read their review before ordering this book! The authors continually keep referring to "the blue" "the green" or "the red" or various items in the screen captures  when all the pictures in the book are in gray-scale and do not  show ANY in color! They're completely useless & as far as I can tell (newbie) there isn't a way to follow what they're referring tot. This book was extremely difficult to follow  because of this!If they revise this with color illustrations it would be soooo much easier to follow! As it is, I was totally lost!
I read this book for English.  At first, I was excited at reading such a classic and a famous book.  Then, I was very let down.  It rambles on and on, with no real point or meaning.  There are a lot of unsuitable bits in it including SWEARING, PROSTITUTION, DRUNKENESS, and other things.  I have no idea why it is considered such a classic.  If you are a human being, or if you are looking for a meaningful book, don't come here.
I was truly disppointed with this book and kick myself for taking the time to finish it.  I thought it would be similar to the DaVinci Code, one of my favorites, but it was not. After about getting half way through this book I realized I really didn't care that much about what happened to the characters. All the Hypnerotomachia hype ended up being crap. I had to pull out the dictionary a few times for this one.
As a private pilot for over 10 years and owner of my own airplane, I finally decided to read this book.  Everyone told me this was THE classic book on flying.I've got news for you.  It isn't.  It was 390 pages that desperately needed editing.  The information in this book could have easily been contained in 100 pages.  If you liked the boring lectures of long winded professors you had in college, then this book is for you.  Otherwise, save your money.  Yes, many of the concepts he discusses are correct.  So what.  Tell me something I don't know.  Give me some new insight to make me a better pilot.  The only information I got out of this book that wasn't really new, but was worth having Wolfgang repeat is that most pilots are killed in low altitude stalls.  So if you ever get in one, get the stick forward first!The book was written in 1944 and I can believe it.  Thank God they don't write books today like they used to.  If you're interested in learning about flying or how to be a better pilot, I would suggest you can do better by getting a subscription to Plane and Pilot Magazine, Flying Magazine, or joining AOPA and making use of their online resources.  This book needs to be retired like the tail dragger it came in on.
Contrary to the claims made on the back cover, Williams' beginner text offers nothing that could be considered "the latest in PCB tips, tricks, and techniques," and its "expert comparison of CAD program options" are largely regurgitated verbatim from the EAGLE help file.In the software world, programmers who buy books to expand their skills expect insights not apparent from the software vendors' help files.  Hardware folks, even beginners, should expect the same.The only user who I imagine could find value in this book is an absolute, complete rookie who's never used EAGLE before and who prefers a guided walkthrough to spending an equal amount of time simply reading and experimenting with the examples in EAGLE's generally good help system.
The book is just plain horrible! It assumes WAY TOO MUCH! I am learning VB6 in school and this is the book that they are teaching us from. Many times throughout the book they give program examples using things that  haven't even been covered yet. The exercises at the end of the chapters are  very vague. The choice of color also is bad (brownish/red text) and makes  for a poor reading experience. The tips and common programming errors  sprinkled throughtout the chapters become annoying very quickly. My advice,  pass on this one.
This author is so deep into tittle-tattle that she forgets to write about her subject.  A judicious editing would have helped this dreary bio immensely.
I can't believe this book got so many 4 and 5 star ratings.  It's pathetic.  The story line had nothing unepected or surprising.  The characters were not fully developed or described in detail.  The Historical note at the end gives the facts on which the story is based and then adds that a play was written about it called "The Tempest," by William Shakespeare.  I am not very good at reading and understanding Shakespeare, but the author of this book should be ashamed to write such a dull story and then mention Shakespeare as if they were in the same league.  If Shakespeare graduated with highest honors and earned a doctorate degree, this Bulla guy is still in preschool.  Here is a short quote from what should have been one of the most intense parts of the story:"The boat sailed late in August.  Amanda was there with the others to wave good-bye.  The boat looked so small in the great ocean.  It looked so very small."Just because you write a book for young readers doesn't mean you have write as if you were a kindergartener.  In fact, most Kindergarteners could be more creative in telling a story with more details than that.
I couldn't get past the premise of this book. There is a world outside of celebrating Christmas, without taking cruises, or getting your feet wet and cursing white chocolate. I'm sure there must have been some Wassermans or Feinsteins in the neighborhood who were likewise not displaying the huge Frosty on their rooves. Since I never believed the premise, much of the humor eluded me. I suppose Grisham could be using the Kranks (Yiddish word, that, by the way) to symbolize the psychic pressure some people feel to be &quot;merry&quot; at this time of year whether they feel so or not, so the literal compulsion is merely a metaphor; if so, though, it escaped me.Instead of getting mauled at the mall and the grocery store right before Christmas, most of us non-participants plan ahead, and stay away from all shopping venues the week or so before. It seemed to me that the inevitable magnetism of Christmas was not some mystic power, but the result of poor planning.So why did I read the book? The title was appealing-- I don't &quot;skip&quot; Christmas, in my mind: it's just another day. I thought a book about people tossing away the hype and trying to rediscover quietude, which even for non-celebrants is hard to find the more hassled and harried your co-workers get, would be nice. Instead I had Rebel without a Candy Cane-- which is another thing: Luther Krank is thoroughly unlikable. Perhaps if I had liked him I would have had an easier time suspending my disbelief through this outlandish premise.I doubt it, though.
Michael Crichton comes up with some fascinating concepts based on cutting-edge science (or pseudo-science) and sometimes delivers a really entertaining novel, as he did with Jurassic Park.  His &quot;Lost  World&quot; sequel to that book however was a letdown.  Timeline,  unfortunately, more closely resembles his Lost-World effort. The opening  chapters nicely tease the reader with the prospect of  &quot;multiverse&quot; travel and the possibility of sending 20th/21st  century humans on a trip into the distant past.  This could have made a  great high-technology yarn a-la the best novels of Tom Clancy.  Unfortunately, once the travelers arrive in the 13th century the story bogs  down as the characters become engaged in one unlikely misadventure after  another.  Not only did I lose my willingness to suspend disbelief, I also  lost interest in the story.  I had looked forward to reading Timeline but I  was glad when I finished it and could move on to something more satisfying.  A disappointing read.
I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because Gina Ford does have some practical advice, and when you are a new parent any tidbit can help.On the other hand, I could not give this book 3 stars because I felt like it did me more harm than good to have read this book. I read it like the bible before I had my baby. Whipped out the highlighter and all. I thought that if I was just dedicated enough to her advice, and acted like she was my personal coach, I would get things right. I would defy the nay-sayers. I figured these were just incompetent people not completely sticking to her advice and then blaming it on her when it didn't go right.Now I am convinced that the only thing that the sales of this book is based on is the pure luck that since her schedules are based on what the most "average" baby would do, then there are a lot of babies that naturally fit her schedules and are angel babies anyway - so these people give her the credit, pat themselves on the back for doing a good job and tell everyone they know to buy her book. One of my good friends fit that category and recommended the book to me. (This friend then had a second child who did not work so well with the schedules in this book, and she realized that it wasn't Gina's methods that helped her child sleep well - it was simply her child!)This book made me feel like a total failure as a new mom because my child had colic and cried all the time, wanted to breastfeed all the time (and her advice made me feel like I was failing big-time whenever I nursed him to sleep, which actually could have been my few moments of respite in a really difficult time). The times he did fall asleep and perhaps may have slept a good stretch, I was running in waking him up for her schedule! Schedules - YES - but not at such a young age. Honestly - scheduling a one week old baby?! Now I know this is crazy. But she will have you thinking if you don't do it then you are going astray.The best advice is to get your baby on a schedule as soon as you can - and do all you can to guide and direct this - but ultimately - look to your baby as the guide. They are all soooooooo different. And if yours does not fit in to her "average" mold, then you are in for a big shock and failure with her method.Dr. Weissbluth's "Healthy Sleep Habits, Healthy Child" is the best of these types of books. It does not contain the same gimmicks and promises for a perfect sleeping child - but then his advice is just that - advice on the best practices to be applied to YOUR baby, rather than gimmicks and molds. I think life would have been much better for me those difficult first few months if I had read his book like the bible instead of hers. I have another friend who felt exactly the same about CLB - so much so we were almost ready to have a book burning party. It really messed us up!A nurse came over one day and saw it there and flipped through it and just laughed. She told me she hoped I wasn't taking it too seriously. I said I wasn't but I totally was trying and failing, and she helped with my recovery!
By the time the plot of NUDE MEN began to seriously degenerate, I was far enough into the book, at roughly the half-way point, that I figured I might as well finish just to see how bad it got. Blessedly, it's a quick read.The hero of the piece, using the loosest definition of "hero" imaginable without crossing over the line into "villain", is Jeremy Acidophilus, a twenty-nine year old fact-checker, filer and general non-achiever at a New York City film and celebrity magazine. Indeed, Jeremy manages to get fired while showing initiative. Moreover, Jeremy is constantly terrorized by his mother, and he even has conversations with his pet cat. (Granted, I also talk to our pet cats, but I don't hear responses, real or imagined.) Acidophilus is a total loser with a capital "L". This is, to my mind, a great part of the novel's problem. Is author Amanda Filipacchi's opinion of Men so poor that this is the one she can imagine challenged by the moral and social strictures against sexual relations with an underage female?Filipacchi's apparent message, vocalized by Henrietta, is that the opprobrium assigned by Western society on underage sex is misplaced; children should be exposed to the experience as soon as they're sexually capable and not kept in debilitating ignorance. One wonders what the author's previous life experiences might have had to do with it.NUDE MEN is a book about relationships. Jeremy's relationship with Lady Henrietta, a painter of nude men, who asks Acidophilus to pose. Jeremy's relationship with Henrietta's 11-year old daughter, Sara, who seduces him. Jeremy's relationship with his cat, Minou. Jeremy's relationship with his 71-year old Mom. Jeremy's relationship with Laura, Henrietta's friend and dancing magician whose repertoire is so awful that too-sophisticated New Yorkers think she's brilliantly fabulous. (I recognize that this is the stuff of Chic Lit and I should've stayed away. But, wishing to exercise my Sensitive Side, I didn't.)The author is now 40. The book was published when she was 26. Amanda's picture on the back flap has her appearing about 15, at which time she was still living in France, her birthplace. I maintain the younger age is when she wrote the novel, her first, since it has the tone of an adolescent submission for high school Writing Composition. (At least she can string words together in a literate sentence. I doubt many of today's high school grads could do that.) The plot meanders everywhere and, finally,  nowhere in an almost stream of consciousness outpouring that my linear, Male Pig thinking perceives as utter rubbish.I usually donate my read books to a friend. NUDE MEN is simply going into the round file.
Although The New York Times Book Review calls it "A monumental reimagining of the Arthurian legends", it is only that as Marion Bradley's writing is superficial at most with barely any character development as most of the characters remained static from beginning to end. At most, the only thing I found interesting behind her story was the fact that it provided a unique perspective from the eyes of the female protagonist Morgaine, whereas she is portrayed as the antagonist in most other Arthurian legends.I began this book as a summer reading assignment and chose to read it on a plane. Needless to say, the nine-hundred page book toiled on and on and I think it actually made time seem to freeze in that plane as it was that boring.Bradley placed too much emphasis on making the plot stay consistent with the Arthurian tales of old and placed too little on the enormous amounts of characters packed within the book, which made it seem uninteresting to read. For me, reading this book was pretty repetitive, as in every incident Bradley focuses the spotlight on Morgaine and attempts to justify her actions.Don't get me wrong, by the end of the book, which took me a long, long, long time to get there, I was fully convinced that Morgaine was actually a good character. Maybe it's because of this book being my first Arthurian literature before reading the other works, which altered my views of Morgaine... but anyways her interpretation of the story was plausible in that the Christian views were slowly taking over paganism, which resulted in a last resort move by the Old Religion, this motive is understandable.Don't buy this book thinking that it would be filled with battles between dragons and magic flying around. It heavily relies on dialogue on politics and love as the causes for many of the outcomes in the story. I would not advise kids to read it because I feel that its content may be a bit too explicit sometimes.
I am a programmer and usually do not write financial books reviews. Also it is easy to criticize a book that was published 6 years ago (it was published September 22, 2000 when smell of the forthcoming dot-com crash was already in the air). At the time of publication it was a very good book that definitely saved a lot of pensions from complete decimation due to heavy doze of technology-related stocks (or funds), an allocation typical for the level of greed (or appetite for risk taking) that was typical during dot-com bubble.But now we need to take recommendations more skeptically and at least check how they faired during six years since the book publication before jumping into action.  And if we are talking about investment book it is prudent to judge its value on the base of performance of its recommendations in five years or even a decade after the publication.Thinking about optimizing my 401K portfolio before possible this (or next) year stock slide due to an inverted yield curve I dusted off the book and simulated the performance for one of the recommended portfolios for the period from Jan, 2000 to Mar, 2006. The initial investment was assumed to be zero and monthly contributions assumed to be $1K. Rebalancing was done at the end of each year.Please be aware that recommended on page 154 portfolio using the period and contribution mentioned above with the end of the year rebalancing produces almost zero return on the capital from Jan 2000 to March 2006 (7% total or ~1% annualized excluding taxes and fees). Taxes and mutual funds fees will drive return lower. For example Vanguard additionally charges annually $10 for any fund in which you have less then $10K. That means that any Vanguard money market fond provides better return with much less risk for this period. BTW without rebalancing the same portfolio produces 31% total or ~5% annualized beating S&P500; (17% total return with the monthly investment of 1K mentioned above).  It looks like this "rebalancing-induced returns drop" is the most pronounced when you start with zero initial capital. If the initial capital distributed into the "slots" the first month  is comparable to the subsequent investment (say $50K or $100K, while subsequent monthly investment for the period is 76K) "rebalancing-induced returns drop" is less pronounced and is approximately 50% of total return. BTW the book recommended the initial capital for this portfolio in $100K-200K range which helps to avoid some mutual funds fees inherent in splitting small initial capital into 9 slots, so the case above should be viewed as an extreme version of the "rebalancing-induced returns drop".Unless my calculations are wrong ( I strongly recommend not to take my results for granted; anybody can redo the calculations using Excel; it's not that difficult) it looks like the idea of periodic end of the year "blind" rebalancing that the author preaches is open to review.It would be also interesting to make simulation runs based on the data from 1995 version of his book which permits checking a decade of performance but I do not have it.
I was so disappointed with this book, I almost regret reading it.Now, let me step back for a moment.  I am a huge Thomas Harris fan.  I devoured &quot;The Red Dragon,&quot; ran willy-nilly through &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; and waited with baited breath for &quot;Hannibal.&quot;Unfortunately, &quot;Hannibal&quot; was a bitter disappointment.  The ending was wholly unbelievable and implausible, not to mention borderline gory and grotesque.It seems to me that Harris rushed through &quot;Hannibal&quot; in order to satisfy the demands of readers and fans only to produce an inferior novel which left the devoted among us sour.I would hate to think that Harris's talent has been tapped.  Hopefully, this is not the beginning of a downward spiral and that Harris has other &quot;good things&quot; in store for us.
THIS BOOK IS NOT FOR THE PERSON THAT WANTS TO GET INTO BINARY OPTIONS. THIS BOOK WAS NOT FOR ME.
I have a love / hate relationship with this book. What I loved about this book was the hero and the overall concept and main story line. The author is very detailed and descriptive - which is wonderful for the parts of the story that are essential to moving the story line forward. However, as many other reviewers have stated, this book could have been half the length and would have been much more enjoyable if it had been edited. The author goes off on way too many tangents that are simply needed - boring even. I found myself asking &#34;what is the point here&#34;? Although some reviewers have taken great exception to Jamie beating Claire, I wasn't as bothered by that scene because of the time period and the fact that Claire had, in fact, risked the lives of the entire group that was traveling with her and protecting her. I also struggled at times even liking Claire. She came across as selfish, obstinate and sometimes downright childish. But even all of this I would have forgiven, because the fact was I kept turning the pages - until the last quarter of the book. What happens in the last quarter of the book is so disturbing and vile and completely over the top that the author just lost me. I was so angry and disturbed that I put the book down. It was a full week before I was willing to try to complete it. In the end I've decided there are more things that I dislike about this book than I like. The author is too long winded for my taste, goes off on way too many tangents and is unnecessarily violent. I've had the second book in the series for months and still have not finished it for the same reasons as above.
I've just finished "The Bone People" by Keri Hulme and cannot fathom all the five-star reviews it received. I can only believe that Hulme herself is sitting and writing them in her home far, far away from civilization.This is a self-indulgent mess written over the course of twelve years! Unbelievable, self-indulgent characters that one cannot care about over the course of 445 pages of repetitive scenes.Ultra violence toward a defenseless mute boy again and again until he's toothless, scared, welted, limping and cockeyed are forgiven by the author because the father has an unbelievable spiritual awakening in the wilderness of New Zealand. Good for daddy not so hot for what's left of son.The holy man the father meets in the wilderness sounds like... all other holy men! - talking in parables and sounding like a watered-down version of King-James-Bible speak.The writing at times is so convoluted that one is left to wonder if any resolution has occurred in this mess.Am I the only reader that was frustrated by the number of Maori words that are NOT translated in the glossary. Key words and phrases in Maori are left to the reader to guess at!Like many reviewers, I am working my way through all the Booker Prize winners with only five to go. This novel shakes my faith in the legitimacy of the award. It's as if the committee is saying, "Look, we need something from New Zealand."I place it last among Booker Prize winners - yes, below even "Vernon God Little" and "How Late It Was, How Late."
I really hoped this would be a serious look in to MBP but it's written as a child abuse memoir instead.
After reading the reviews for this book I was excited to read it.  I didn't find it very useful though.  Most of the ideas in the book I've read online for free.
The Good: Clearly written and makes option selling accessible by avoiding too much technical jargon and complex math.  The spread strategies outlined in Chapter 7 are very good approaches to the market, and the risk management techniques in Chapter 9 are spot-on whether you're a beginner or a more seasoned trader.The Bad: As other reviewers have noted, this book is primarily geared toward the futures market.  If there is a subsequent edition, it should either include more equity option information or have a different name, as the current title is very misleading.The Ugly: The 2nd edition is VERY SLOPPY and full of typos.  For example, either the authors or the editors don't know the difference between "its" and "it's" because this mistake is made in several instances.  Chapter 6 is full of typos in general.  A discussion of the short option strangle in Chapter 7 can't decide if it's dealing in coffee or soybeans.  One part of the text refers to an excerpt on "page 67" that actually is on page 83.  I could go on.  These kinds of mistakes cause me to lose confidence in the message and wonder what more substantive matters are wrong.  In short, for a book that retails at $44.95, even one typo is too many.
Recently, I visited a stress management website that recommended this book.  I thought that it would be helpful because of the focus on change. Well, I have read the book three times and find it useless.  The child-like story has not helped me manage the stress in my life. It did not offer any great wisdom or insight to it's readers.
Outside of "Memnoch the Devil," this is the worst vampire novel written by Rice.  It's basically homo erotica in the guise of a vampire story.  It single handedly ruined the image of Armand I had (not that Rice had to write to my expectations!). Not only is it filled with homo erotica, it's filled with pedophilia.  This ruined Marius for me, too.  He's basically a child predator.  He educates young boys in his home, where he and Armand begin to have a love affair.  It's really full of deviant sexual imagery, and as I've mentioned before, what is Rice's obsession with male sexuality?  There are never any depictions of lesbianism (that I remember), just extreme examples of gay, male sex, including Marius (a man) and Armand (a boy).  It's revolting to read.  Would women like to read about an older women preying on young girls?  Her writing about men is twisted and severely distorted.If you take out all of this deviance, the book has some beautiful descriptions of the settings in which the story takes place.  This and the origins of Armand, are the sole redeeming values of this novel - and it's not quite so full of religious tripe as latter novels.My advice is skip this and read other novels by her, except "Memnoch the Devil," which is even worse than this novel.
Do yourself a favor and check it out from the library or borrow it from a friend if you are curious.  This book has some nicely-written moments but the plot meanders, and the authors have chosen to move the story back and forth in time frequently without notice.  There are too many characters, many of which are indistinguishable from one another.  Too much Princeton in-crowd pedantry.  If you're looking for a good beach read or something to pass the time on an airplane, this book will not hold your attention.
Has some merit - but only in the serious bits that analyse bodies and chemicals etc. The rest is a lot of old tosh.Why do American writers have to fill their books with inane and pointless descriptions of the dinners they are cooking and eating; or the wonderful coffees they are drinking? Here are just two examples from this little book:Chapter 12: "I scrubbed two potatoes and put them in the toaster oven, then washed lettuce, tomatoes.....etc...."Chapter 27: "I went onto the patio and snipped off basil and chives. Then I cut chunks of cheese,. took two eggs...etc ...etc"Do I give a fig about what this silly writer likes to eat? Answer = No I bloody well dont.The book is thoroughly punctuated with food commentary like this - it is so American - the thought that the reader must be reminded of the lovely grub that exists in the world - to help them read right to the very end. These culinary diatribes are literature's "comfort breaks" - Oh My Gawd.....it is pathetic.As the killer creeps into the house with a dagger - we are reminded that our heroine likes bagels and cream cheese take-outs....No British writer would dumb down in this way....to bring the kitchen sink (as well as "Joe's Amazing Pizza Parlour" or "Eddie's Awesome Ice-cream Emporium") into the exciting drama of death and destruction.It is very banal and trivialises the story.Even the one sex scene read like painting by numbers instructions: he put his hand there - she put her palm there - and his tongue did this.....etc..... then he cocked up his leg and gave out a gasp - and she cocked up her leg and gave out a sigh.Oh - Pell-eeezeI did not like this silly book and I will not be reading any more KR offerings....and her choice of food was dull as well.So American - bland, bland, bland - with fries on the side and mayo too.
I'm sorry to disagree with the majority of the reviewers, but the truth is that I don't think this book merits any of the praise and publicity it has received. I found the narrative style precarious, to say the least, and the underlying story is, in my opinion, poor and hardly engaging or believable. The purported simplicity that conveys such great truths in this so-called "little fable" seems to me to be nothing more than lack of elaboration, both in terms of plot and literary craft. There is no fable at all, just an overpraised book that seems to have been marketed to the skies.
Well what can I say? I had heard a lot about Michael Palmer's books over the years, so when I found this one in my stacks I picked it up.  I was extremely disappointed in this book.The story starts out with a good premise, the possibility that toxic waste in a mine is causing serious illness in a number of people.  Dr. Matt Ruttledge has an axe to grind with the mine owner's and is bound and determined to prove his theory.  When a doctor from Boston comes to town for a friend's funeral an attempt is made on her life. At this point Dr. Rutledge and the beautiful Dr. Nikki Solari team up against the mining company.  At the same time Ellen Kroft is getting ready to vote on the release of a new vaccine that may or may not be dangerous.  When someone threatens the life of Ms. Kroft she decides to find out if her suspicions are correct.  Somehow all three of these people end up together to fight really, really bad guys.The problem with this book is that there were too many threads that had to come together in a believable fashion.  The good people were all candidates for sainthood, and the bad guys were all so cartoonishly bad that I found myself laughing out loud. The love scenes were clunky at best with eye rolling dialogue and just when everything would seem to be coming to a head Mr. Palmer jerks the rug out from under us. Not once or twice but what feels like an endless string of really bad luck and timing. I was groaning out loud at the preposterous twists and turns. A few surprises are expected but I was getting whiplash for it all, and I am sure my insurance company wasn't going to pay damages.Obviously I don't recommend the book, unless you are a masochist and enjoy inflicting the pain of clich&eacute; after clich&eacute;; the bad news for you is that there is a happy ending after all.
This short book on ETFs is divided in two different halves.  The first one covering seven of the eight chapters in the book is focused on two themes:1) The assumed advantage of equal weighted or fundamental weighted indices over traditional market cap weighted indices; and2) The advantage of extensive market timing in different investment sectors and asset classes facilitated by the broad universe of ETFs vs a traditional buy and hold strategy.The second half of the book is an interesting survey of 23 different investment managers that use ETFs as their main investment vehicle to create various investment asset allocations.The ongoing debate regarding indices structure is interesting.  The author interviews advocates on the equal weighted or fundamental weighted side.  Their main argument is that this approach ensures you don't overweight stocks that have bubbled.  They state that the top 50 stocks by market cap account for 50% of the S&P; 500, and they consider that excessive.  Their index structures correct that.  They also state their index structures have greatly outperformed their market cap weighted alternatives.The whole truth is not straightforward.  Within the book, they often praise the Rydex S&P; equally weighted index fund (RSP) as they state it has outperformed the S&P; 500. However, the RSP is a completely different animal.  Within the RSP the largest market cap has the same weight as the smallest one or 1/500th of the whole index.  This gives the RSP a strong Mid and Small caps tilt.  If you now compare the RSP performance to a Mid cap index fund (VSMAX) or Small cap one (VIMSX), RSP advantage disappears. Its performance is somewhere in between the S&P; 500 and either a Small or Mid Cap index.  That's all there is to this.Research Affiliates has structured some successful fundamental index funds (PRF for large caps and PRFZ for small caps).  Within such indices the weight of a company is based on a combination of financial metrics including dividends, earnings, revenues, and book value.  The idea is the same as for equal weighted index, and that is to avoid buying too much into a stock that has bubbled.  Those indices have outperformed their market cap indices counterparts.  But, this is an apples and oranges comparison.  This index structure within the specific cap targeted gives it a smaller cap and value tilt.  Also, those indices have benefitted from a larger weighting of the financial sector in March 2009 when that sector was dirt cheap during the financial crisis.  As the financial sector recovered, the PRF indices really took off.  If you compare the two graphs (Fig. 5-1 and 5-2 on pg. 44 and 45) you will notice that the fundamental index chronically concentrates on lower valuation sectors such as financials and utilities and is much less invested in higher valuation sectors such as technology and health care.  But, that is not always a good thing.  Google P/E ratio will always be higher than PG&E.;  And, there are many valid reasons for that such as earnings growth.  This does not mean Google is systematically overvalued relative to PG&E.;  At times, the opposite may be true.Also, early in the book there is the allusion that some ETFs are "intelligent" as companies have designed indices that would beat their respective benchmarks through a mysterious synergy of stock composition.  PWC is such an "intelligent" ETF.  For the first two years it did outperform the S&P; 500 only to underperform it steadily since 2006.  Yet, the author suggests PWC has outperformed to this day (pg 9).  It has not.This whole debate about index structure deserves further studying.  If you are interested to do so, I recommend Robert ArnottThe Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Investon the proponent side.  And, on the rebuttal I suggest excellent papers: "Fundamentally Flawed Indexing" by Andre Perold and "Let's Not All Become Fundamental Indexers Just Yet" by Paul Kaplan.Moving on to the section on market timing and sector rotation, the advice is poor.  On page 26, the author shows what a fortune you would have generated if you had invested in the S&P; 500 since 1966 and had somehow miraculously avoided in each single year the worst 5 trading days.  Similarly, on page 19 the author shows a table that discloses how much the yearly return of ten different asset classes diverged during the past decade.  This entails how well one could have done by investing in the asset classes that fared better in every single year.  The section heading is: "The Importance of Picking the Right Sectors."  Within this same section, the author states "There are many ways to use ETFs to profit from the difference in sector performance."  To think that one has the foresight to move in and out of 10 different asset classes with perfect timing from year-to-year is as delusional as believing one can precisely avoid the 5 worst trading day of the year of the stock market.The second half of the book is a survey of 23 different investment managers that use ETFs to design asset allocation portfolios for their clients.  These managers rely on complex proprietary asset allocation models.  So, their investment method is not replicable by the retail investor.  It is unclear how successful these investment managers have been.  Numerous have less than $200 million under management or have just started a few years ago.  Cedar Winds and Global ETF Strategies started in 2004 and Monument Wealth Management started in 2008.  None of their investment record is public.  So, they can make unverifiable claims regarding their excellence.  One exception is Long View that created its own ETFs: Long View Global Allocation Fund (LONGX).  So far it has widely underperformed a simple strategy (60% equities/40% bonds VBINX).Throughout the book, there is a cult of complexity promoting the merits of investing in a bunch of exotic asset classes such as currency, commodities, and small emerging market cap.  Diversifying across US stocks entails investing in numerous indices (large, small, mid cap, etc...).Having been a student of capital markets for decades I feel this cult of complexity is over hyped.  I don't see much benefit for the retail investor in investing in all those exotic instruments.  Who needs to take on currency risk or accounting risk with poor disclosure in emerging markets?  Also, splitting out US indices into three separate asset classes adds no value.  Instead, one is better off investing in a single large well diversified index such as the Wilshire 5000.  If you had to invest in a single fund, you could do worse than simply investing in the mentioned VBINX (60%/40% equity/bonds).  Also, the concept of sector rotation is a losing proposition for most investors.  One's probability of moving out of an asset class at the wrong time is probably greater than 50%.If you want to invest successfully and simply I recommend the excellentThe Random Walk Guide To Investing.  It will offer you better advice than this book.
I watched the movie &quot;The Haunting&quot;, which is based on this book, and thought it was horrible. Afterwards, I decided to check the book out to see if it was better than the movie. The first part of the book drags on for so long! There aren't even that many scary parts in this book! I reccommend this book only for those who are patient enough to work their way through the dull parts.
It's no wonder why everyone who was involved in the movie Silence of the Lambs is passing this on (Jonathan Demme, Ted Tally, Tak Fujimoto, and even Jodie Foster).  Let's face it.  This book stinks!
So many authors use a good title (offered by the publisher?) in name, but fail to deliver. Usually, they follow no outline or format, like a rambling preacher who relies on 'last-minute inspiration', rather than a practiced, concise outline.It's a little tiring reading 'personal experience' stories canned as 'sage advice' or scholary-based or presented work.
The writing in this book feelt stretched out and could have easily been summed in a wikipedia article.  The reason it feels stretched out is because the writer is thorough -- good or bad.  If you are familiar with the players on Wall Street, then this book will be a needless waste of your time.  If you havent taken a finance course, don't work in Wall street, or don't read much wikipedia, then  this book will be good for you.
This book is not good. It is written in almost completely Native American speech patterns that, while not racist in any way, make the book's plot seem silly.
Had to read the book for an online class, very long and drawn out. I got to the point of skipping and skimming through it. It did have a few good points- however, just a dull read.
Another book I was too dumb to follow. The plot twists and turns, crosses back on itself, and there are a million characters, half of whom are related to each other. I tried to take notes, as another reviewer had suggested, but I gave up on that. Felt too much like school work! I almost abandoned the book at about page 400 but decided to plow on.  I wouldn't say this was a terrible book, but it's one that I won't keep and won't recommend to anyone.
Contains many misleading examples and supporting explannations too! I do not care how other examples are -- there can not simply be misleading examples! This book may be read by unsuspecting beginners.One misleading  example is in page 112, class Equals(Topic java.lang.Object). The program  output is timing sensitive and thus not  predictable.Answers to chapter  2, example 14, 18 are wrong.The list goes on.I am dissatisfied and I  would not recommend this book to anyone.
Too many wasted pages of math to assess your reading speed and not enough technique. If you want to learn to speed read, go to the library and check out the Evelyn Wood materials, as this is mostly a rip-off of that, with a lot of unnecessary dialog as to why someone might want to learn to read faster.
I bought Love in the Time of Cholera not only because it was on Oprah's list but also because it won a Nobel prize.  I figured it must be super good to have won both the Nobel prize and widespread acclaim by Oprah.  Plus, I had heard it was "one of the greatest love stories of all time."  Not so.  At least not for this reader.First and foremost, if you are used to reading popular literature, beware!  This is a TOUGH read.  It was not what I expected at all and I found it difficult to get through.  For me, this was like trying to read John Updike--long sentence structures and difficult language...and I consider myself to be an above-average reader (but then, who doesn't!).  It was not a page turner by any means, and, as the story progressed I found it more and more difficult to get through, mainly because I didn't like either main character.  I really ended up pushing myself through it just to complete the story and see if offered any sense of satisfaction (which it didn't).The story about 2 love-struck teenagers seems a bit silly in our times, but considering the time it was set, it was entirely believable.  What became unbelievable was the way Florentino continues to pine away for Fermina for 50 years after their love affair ended. I found nothing endearing about his devotion.  I actually found it weak and disgusting...wondering why any woman would want a man like this and why any man would allow himself to behave in such a way. I mean, "get over it dude!" Granted, Fermina never knows the true level of Florentino's pining and also never knows of the solace he tried to find in 100's of affairs, but as a reader, I was rooting for her to turn him away, not give in to his continued advances. As I was reading I was trying to figure out if the author wanted this reaction from the reader.  I'm still not sure.  But what I do know is that there are a LOT of people out there who are happy that Fermina and Florentino were reunited.  As for me, the thought of being with such a wimpy man makes me sick!  :)  There just is not a lot to like about Florentino so be prepared to force yourself to follow his story.I'm sure there is plenty of book club fodder in this story...exploring different themes on love, the reader's reactions to the characters, etc. If you're into identifying and exploring themes and looking for wisdom in modern literature, then this may be the book for you.  If you're like me who's just looking for a good book to read to entertain me for a few days, then skip this one.
I heard so much hype everywhere about how wonderful The Mists of Avalon was. I was sucked in to believing it. Good thing I only got it from the library instead of buying it like I almost did...I was extremely disappointed. The story was so drawn-out and I waited and waited to see if it would become interesting or exciting but I went all the way to the end and...nothing. There was absolutely nothing wonderful of what other people saw in it. Reading it was the worst struggle I've ever had for any fantasy book, mainly due to it being so thick and so boring.There was far to much emphasis on the fight between Christianity and the fading Celts. There wasn't one page that did not have some reference to religion. Of course, I have nothing against religion, but this book was just disturbing... Marion Zimmer Bradley appeared to be 'trying' to portray the two clashing religions positively, but instead she seemed to...taint them. It horrified me to wonder if perhaps some people might think that the way she portrayed religious beliefs are the way they actually are. I'm also unhappy that my view on Morgan is now ruined because of this book :(There was also not much mention of what was happening with the men in the book. There was hardly anything about the wars, Excalibur, etc. So if you want anything to do with the real Arthur legend...you'll be sadly disappointed, so don't bother.I thought maybe I was just unlucky with The Mists of Avalon, so I tried reading another Marion Zimmer book (The Firebrand, a re-telling of Troy)....BIG mistake. It followed the exact same pattern as the Mists, that I swear I was reading the same one again, just half the length.So all-in-all I was extremely disappointed by this book and it didn't get anywhere near the expectations I had for it. I do not recommend it; it's a waste of time and money. Who wants to sit and read a huge book that doesn't go anywhere? I don't.But then, everyone has their own opinion, and that's just mine. Hope it helped.ShatteredCrystalChalice
This book reads like a quick "101" on marketing/advertising key points. It's an entry level book and was probably helpful at the time of publishing, but now very outdated, and the author does not have applicable takeways (i.e. bulletpoint summaries etc) that could have been more helpful.PROS:-lot of classic case studies-good advice about picking a name and basic positioning facts-easy to breeze thru-a quick "101" on marketing/advertising key points.CONS:-fails to give consistent advice (author states "less is more". then "more is less", and then says line-extensions are bad, then turns around and says line extensions can be successful)-does not back up research; (i.e. attributes a 56% increase of sales due to advertising --this is one part but there are other factors --these numbers come out of nowhere)-outdated case studies (american airlines is supposed to be super successful)-does not enter digital realm of online/internet.
This "dictionary" is so "highly selective" that it is not all that useful as a reference. If you encounter a word you want to look up, your chance of finding it in this dictionary is near zero.It should be more appropriately named as a collection of certain less frequently used words. If you read this book from cover to cover, you will probably find that you know many of the words already and, of the ones you don't know, you may retain a few of them.Well, I am probably not "extraordinarily literate."
I had to read this in school as a kid. The actual writing talent here is great but the subject matter is really depressing. I think a good story should have a nice balance of good/bad events. Steinbeck has none of that in this book. The Red Pony is just one dark cloud of doom throghout the entire book. Things go from bad to worse as the little boy's dreams are shattered. Some parts of it are also needlessly gross and bloody and I must admit that as a kid I was a little emotionally scarred from it! The book goes ubruptly to a totally different and unrelated story. As an adult I know it's meant to serve as some sort of metaphor but I still don't like this book and think it's a pointless read unless you want to be depressed or have a thing for tragic stories. I know it's supposed to be a classic, the problem is I don't know WHY! Some readers say "this is a great book for readers of all ages" but I would have to disagree! I don't think this is a kids book. I don't think kids should be forced to read this at school and I don't think I would ever read it again.
The advice in the book is sound but too general, like face the facts and don't be stubborn. The main idea seems to be that we are human beings with emotions so we cannot shut all emotions out when trading. In my mind the book the book is possibly useful for investors as opposed to traders. It is also more useful to novice investors. (Sadly most professionals are performing poorly as well, but they can't be helped by anything.) Personally, I find the author's style meandering, too informal, and too general. We get quite a number of references to pop-science books (as opposed to more serious books), which signals to me that the author is not that well read. We often get sentences like so and so is an authority implying that something is correct. Much better would have been for the author to really engage with the argument and then add a novel interpretations or something. Call me arrogant, but why does the author put MA after her name? And why does she talk about the research she did at grad school? Come one, the author has an MA, not a PhD.Psychology in general, and hence also investor psychology, is something personal (that's why coaches can be useful) and we can accept certain points easier if we trust the author. Personally, I prefer Steenbarger's structured, somewhat dry, three books (e.g. his latestThe Daily Trading Coach: 101 Lessons for Becoming Your Own Trading Psychologist (Wiley Trading)) and I dislike Douglas's zen-like, verboseTrading in the Zone: Master the Market with Confidence, Discipline and a Winning Attitude, which is a favourite of many. So the issue is whether you like the style of the author. My hunch is that if you like Douglas's book you might also like Shull's book.Somebody commented that my review was not objective. Of course it is not objective. It is my subjective impression of the book. However, most of the glowing five star reviews have been written by reviewers who have only reviewed one trading book. I have have received some 50 trading books, so I know a thing or two. And I have followed the financial markets since the 1980s. However, you don't need to trust anyone except yourself. Just listen to the videoclips and if you find them interesting, buy the book. Otherwise don't bother.
For an author with the &quot;hype machine&quot; (read favorablepress) and fairly successful background of Michael Crichton, anyreader should have expected far more out of this book. Unfortunately, &quot;Timeline&quot; reads like the work of an author who put very little effort into the story.This book was another example of one that surely had plenty of promise as far as plot. It also got off to a great start that read very quickly. But, the story started to break up not even 100 pages in, and soon fizzled into a highly mediocre tale.I'll be the first to admit that I'm not very big or educated on science, but it really seemed like Mr. Crichton was lamely groping to make up the rationale for his &quot;time travel&quot; concept. He seemed to have very little factual basis for it (despite his numerous scientific references listed in the book), and he wrote as if he was trying to gloss over the tenuous thread he was on by speeding along the descriptions or breaking it up with other dialogue.The story, once it got to medieval France, was also very l@#e. There was so much that could have been done with the setting and the plot to that point. I would propose that it felt like reading one of the old Bugs Bunny cartoons (when Bugs fought the Black Knight). Also, the time pressure built into the story made things even worse. Mr. Crichton already seemed to be hurrying along as thinly developed as the tale was; he didn't need any extra incentive with the 37-hour deadline the plot revolved around.In my opinion, Mr. Crichton has had a very checkered literary career. I really enjoyed &quot;Andromeda Strain&quot;, &quot;Rising Sun&quot;, and especially &quot;Eaters Of The Dead&quot;. Others I've read have been so-so to poor. &quot;Timeline&quot;, I think, will rank as one of his worst efforts. I will be very hesitant to read any future offerings because of this book...I certainly hope he'll put some more effort into his writing.
Other reviews of this book generally say things like "This book is so inspirational!" but none of the reviews really give a good idea of what this book actually says. The reviews for this book could easily be transposed with those for others, such as for books by Norman Vincent Peale, and no one would know the difference. Therefore, I would like to give a summary of what this book actually says.In the first chapter, the author tells how he was on a cruise ship and suddenly made up his mind that he would be invited to sit at the captain's table. I thought the power of belief was just to motivate your own actions, but sure enough, your beliefs can cause other people to behave the way you want them to, because the next day the Capt. invited the author to sit at his table. The first chapter also suggests that perhaps a person can regrow a lost arm or leg if he simply makes up his mind to. In Chapter 5 he tells a story of a woman who found that all the traffic lights always turned green as her car approached them!A word of caution, however. The author says in Chapter 3, "in order to awaken these marvelous powers you must ask for something that is rightfully yours (?) and is within your ability to handle" "For the subconscious manifests itself only in accordance to the capabilities of the person. Well, this seems very obvious. Naturally you'll only be able to accomplish what is within your capabilities. But I thought the whole purpose of this book was to extend your capabilities. Hmmm, seems kind of like an easy "out," or an excuse for the author if it doesn't work.Also the author says that once the solution occurs to you, you must carry it out with no hesitation, deliberation or mental reservation. But this contradicts the advice he gives on page 110 of the paperback edition where he says "Beware of hunches that would lead you into untried fields that may not be hunches at all, but just sudden fanciful longings"!In chapter 5 the author says "Many engaged in wishful thinking, but wishful thinking in itself is without effect simply because the power factor is missing," but was not the idea of the captain would invite him to sit at his table merely wishful thinking? So why did that work?This book also contains advice that could be dangerous: in Chapter 5, the author tells of a woman who took a long automobile trip against the advice of her mechanic who suggested that her tires were bald and should be replaced. Nevertheless, she took the trip anyway and, because she "believed", her car did not suffer a blowout. She never did replace the tires, even though she admitted they were "in pretty bad shape".In another part of the book, the author talks about a great military leader who strongly believed he would triumph, but failed anyway. This is because the belief of the opposing side counteracted his own beliefs. So beliefs can be counteracted by opposite and opposing beliefs. But surely 250 million Americans never believed their country would be attacked on September 11th 2001, so why did the beliefs of a few hijackers counteract the beliefs of 250 million people? Also, why did the Titanic sink when the 3000 or so passengers on board believed it was an unsinkable ship? These may be silly questions, but they're no more silly than believing that the Capt. will invite you to his table just because you think he will.
I chose this book because of it's &quot;humor&quot; and the intrigue of a work by someone who later commit suicide, sick yes but the truth. i didn't enjoy it. The main character really got under my skin and when i'm quick to laugh, i seldom did and was disappointed. Strangely it wasn't the counter-culture themes, the transvestites or the racial issues that bothered me, it really was Ignatius who repelled me at every turn. Maybe that's the point and that makes this a really good book.. maybe, but good book i want to read again, and i almost wish i'd never read this in the first place.
Not one of his best. I found the book very limited and not very interesting. The main character is constantly rejected by a rather flighty woman he is in love with although he is prepared to rescue her from various unsuitable liaisons.
This book is not worth the time or effort. Over all it is too long and super boring. I only finished this book because of a book club. Mr Verghese should stick to being a Dr. and professor of medicine at Standford.
I don't quite know what I was expecting when I checked out this book. I knew that everyone on earth I know who has read it claims that it is perfect for Anglophiles and Bibliophiles. Since I am both, I figured I would love this slim volume of correspondence between a bookseller and a New York freelance writer. It was, sad to say, forgettable. Charming - sure. Sad - of course. A great read - not so much. The letters are short. Not like the wonderful letters of, say Jane Austen or Virginia Woolf and other authors. They were short "send me this book" with witty ways of wording thank-yous. I didn't get a feel for either person. Additionally, the blurb on the back states that this book is the collected 20 year correspondence. True, but its like 3 letters a year and most of them - like I stated earlier - orders and thank you responses.
my cup of tea.  I didn't finish reading this book as I felt uncomforable.  My husband, on the other hand, enjoyed reading it and laughed many times.
This should really be a children's book. There is some basic advice here that isn't all bad but if you haven't learned it by the time you're 10 then you need serious help. It's appaling that this was a best seller BY ADULTS!!! Its even more amazing that businesses use this book as a discussion group to teach people how to work together. Why can't adults in the workplace just be told to do their job better? Instead we are suppossed to role play and relate to the over-simplified characters in this book so we don't offend anyone. Give me a break!!
this book is contrarian to a fault.  i think the author purposely incites controversy.  the bottom line is this: every individual's financial circumstances vary and no one answer is correct for everybody.  if you have student loans at 8% and a mortgage at 9%, it makes more sense obviously to pay down the higher debt, deductions be damned.  many people make stupid mistakes such as making buying decisions based on tax deductions  without thinking about the consequences to their budgets.  they leave out property taxes, maintanence, etc. that adds up.  for most people, paying down other debts first may make sense, but to keep your mortgage unpaid in the hopes of making double-digit returns in the market is foolish...it is much more complicated than that.  there is your tax bracket, fees and expenses, time frame, investment risk, etc.  such blanket statements are foolish for edelman to make.  also, roth IRA's can make alot of sense to those people who qualify for them; his argument to not invest in it is weak at best and is based on loose assumptions.  also, in many parts of the country, buying a starter home/townhome can make alot of sense.  you can sell it for a decent profit in many cases, at least if you stay more than a couple of years.  this beats renting anyday, and in his arguments he never addresses the real losses of renting, including the increase in the annual rent which in some markets can be exorbitant.  anyway, read it and draw your own conclusions.  there is never a substitute for common sense.
I can't understand why anyone would spend 20 years writing thisThe book is incomprehensible. Read a regular book you can understand without having to read it aloudI love Joyce. Portrait, Dubliners, great stuff. Wonderful poetry. He starts to get a bit wonky in Ulysses, but even that is readable (if not altogether understandable - Giffords book is definitely a necessary provision)But why write a book such as the Wake? Didn't he say he thought people would be laughing while reading it?But writing a book noone can understand..He must've been out of his tiny little mind. Couldn't he have written another play, or more short stories about the Eire he loved/despised.It makes no sense to me! Why would anyone want to read what is, basically, a mess. How was this even published? Didn't someone tap him on the shoulder and say, "Joyce, this makes no sense"Good grief! Joyce was actually a decent writer to this point!
Allison Weir is usually a terrific writer but I am having a problem getting through this book.  Her book about Lady Jane Grey, "Innocent Traitor" was wonderful.  This book, "Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life" is very dry & hard to get going.  I am only on page 121 & started reading it over a week ago.  I usually read 2/3 books a week but I'm not giving up!  I will persevere & finish it because Allison Weir is such a knowledgeable researcher & deserves my determination.  It is picking up a little since she is now married to Henry so we can only hope for the best.  Will still read her in the future.
as I'm on a crafty kick, I ordered this book on a discount book site cause it looked fun, quirky and frankly, was cheap as chips...Sadly, thank goodness I got this book cheap. It's horrible.My biggest complaint-the text and photos are done in a scrapbook or journal way that was supposed to be cool but actually made the book literally impossible for me to look at without getting a headache!Text was so crammed, swirled and overlayed on photos that it was impossible to read. Very annoying to pay good money for something you can't read! Artsy is one thing-illegibility is another:(I may have even tried to trudge through it if not for the total misrepresentation of this book. It's touted as a craft book-but less than a fourth is crafts and those are like "be crafty and wear a scarf today"Final word on this book-totally skipworthy-not worth the $3.50  shipping charge if you get it for a penny! Wish I could give it no stars.
As you can (obviously) tell from the title, this is a book of retold fairy tales by Francesca Lia Block. I love fairy tales, especially with new twists or different endings, so this was the perfect book for me-or so I thought. Block is known for writing dark stories, and these fairy tales are as well. Perhaps a bit too dark. They are very different from the original. Block's writing style is very distinct too. In fact, many of the blurbs on the back of the book commented about Block's language. I'm not sure if I liked it though. Kind of flat. And really, reflecting back, the stories were really grim. And not just in the Grimm sense of the word. Grim. One M. I mean, I know that fairy tales aren't all skipping in meadows filled flowers, and I enjoy reading slightly dark fairy tales, but not this dark. Read Angela  Carter (The Bloody Chamber and Other Stories) if you want some darker fairy tales. Not this.*You can read all of my reviews at my blog, novareviews.blogspot.com*
I am perplexed at the quantity of people who rate this high and how often it shows up on "top to read" books lists.  I found the writing beyond verbose, but perhaps it reads better in Spanish?  There were many times I had to re-read a paragraph to decipher what was actually taking place.  Run on and on sentances seemingly going nowhere.The characters were not well developed, I never felt that I knew them, never felt like I cared what happened to them.  As a protaginist Florentino Ariza is an unsympathetic character.  He wastes his life on a youthful crush (because I never found anything that made me believe it had been anything more than that between he and Fermina) all the while biding his time with one sexual liasion to another.  Finally he degenerates into having an affair when he is well into old age with a school girl (who he seduces and then drops when Fermina becomes available) - not "all the shades of love" as some reviewers would write, more like sexual opportunism on Florentino's part and boredom on Fermina's.  The passages where Florentino describes his sexual affair with the school girl (his guardian) are uncomfortable to read and just plain creepy.I never believed the characters, never bought into any sort of love story, and found the pacing and writing tiresome.
The author does not practice what he preaches.  The important point is to  get to the "core" of your idea, simplify it enough so that the important message "sticks", and tell stories.Here are his two best "sticking" examples, so you can save your money and time. When Bill Clinton ran for president he had several important points to make, James Carville helped reduce those points down to "It's the economy stupid" and it stuck.  The other good example was Regan's line that got him elected "Are you better off today than you were 4 years ago?".  These were "core" messages that worked.The rest of the book did NOT stick. It was a mostly a slow, drawn out snooze-fest.  Get anything by Seth Godin instead if you want marketing inspiration.
As the first reviewer noted, the type is far too small. Bring a magnifying glass.This book is written more like a textbook than a handbook. It is not an easy read. It is likely best for a civil engineer looking to review and learn more about concrete. I was hoping it would have more accessible information. Instead, it takes a lot of reading to find the valuable information in each topic. At least half of the book is dedicated to trivia like the value of foundry sand and the cement/concrete industry in Kosovo. The terminology is more academic that the terminology used at the job site.I prefer a book that is written by an expert with hands on experience. This appears to be a compilation and edit of the information from other sources.Does it have valuable information? Yes it does.I just wonder if there are not better books to find the useful information in a better presented format.
I was never drawn into the story.  The writing and editing could have been better.  The distant narrator left me feeling uninvolved, and I never felt or cared anything for the characters.  For a well-written Vietnam story that draws the reader in, read The Proud Bastards.
The Rules of Life is a collection of 106 guidelines for living a happy and fulfilling life.  Each guideline is complete with a 1-2 page explanation describing and emphasizing each point.  The bulk of the book is merely a collection of common cliches bundled together.  Most of the rules are depicted from Templar's life which on their own are valuable yet require wading through far too many of his personal narratives that tend to range from the unnecessary to the downright boring.  With the abundance of self help books available you will be well served passing on this book in search of one with better content and more original ideas.
Don't expect a fast moving, action packed plot.  This is more of a coming-of-age story than a mystery.I found some bits annoying or unbelievable.  The mystery around the Hypnosomething book isn't introduced until well into the story.  The jumps in chronology are confusing.  And a pair of undergrads solve a mystery that lasted hundreds of years?Overall, this is a good first-time effort for the authors.  Nelson DeMille says on the back cover that 'if Scott Fitzgerald, Umberto Eco, and Dan Brown teamed up to write a novel, the result would be' this book.  Hmmmmm, no.
Somewhere along the way I got the feeling that Auster either got bored of Walt, his main character, or forgot how to fly.  This story, which at times had been recalling John Berger's wild tale, "Little Big Man," lost its air and just flittered away.  Disappointing wrap-up left me empty.
Talk about one-track mind.  The heroine is so set on her Christmas wedding that she ignores everything else and just forges ahead.  Even when she finds out her fiance is married, she can't be stopped.  The hero seems like a nice guy but we hardly know anything about him.  This is a light, Christmas read but don't expect much.  The heroine makes this book a little hard to like.
This book is simply a collection of essays. There's nothing wrong with that. However, my frustration is with the discrepancy between expectation and reality. Perhaps I expected too much? Maybe. I stumbled across this book, skimmed a few portions using "search inside", and read a few quick reviews. I got very excited as I thought I'd discovered some great new tools. At the same time, I wondered how in the world I'd never heard of these things when they appeared to be so useful! I was a little taken aback by the $40 price tag for a Kindle edition, but felt confident that the end result would be more than worth it.I was extremely disappointed to discover that the vast majority of tools listed in this book are not available. This doesn't seem to correspond very well to the subtitle: "Giving Users Tools to Transform the Web". The majority of items listed are either unavailable or only available to people within select groups (MIT for example).If you'd like to learn about some of the great tools that may some day be part of our daily computing, this may be the book for you. If you want to find tools that will help you today, I'd suggest you skip this one.
THE LIFE GUIDE is a self-improvement book that I mostly found unhelpful.  The book entirely consists of a series of categorical lists that will allegedly make the reader's life better -- typical examples include "10 simple ways to reduce your stress" or "10 ways to cope when your relationship ends."The problem with THE LIFE GUIDE is that most of its profferred advice is superficial and trite.  For example, in the section "10 ways to get out of debt," the first piece of advice is "cut spending and look for extra money in your budget."  In the section "10 ways to widen your circle of friends," the first piece of advice is to "break the ice."  Well duh.  Most of the advice in this book is of this nature -- it's simply just a bunch of obvious common sense, a quality that most of us have already.Some reviewers have suggested that this book might be helpful to a young person just starting out, and that may be true.  But for most responsible adults, I suspect THE LIFE GUIDE offers very little that they didn't already know.
This is Donna Tartt's first book. She has written a total of three, The 3rd being The Goldfinch for which she won a Pulitzer prize, Looking for someone &#34;new&#34; to read this summer, I chose Tartt based on a review by Ann Patchett, herself a best-selling author. I decided to start with book one, The Secret History. While reading the book I could never get past the idea that here was a 1st time author, a &#34;southern belle&#34; from the deep South, writing in the first person perspective of a 20 year old Northern California male, &#34;Richard&#34;, who struggled with junior college only to decide to enroll in an exclusive small private liberal arts college in Vermont. Richard's observations, descriptions, and vocabulary had a distinct &#34;effeminate&#34; tone throughout the book. Richard always seemed out of place in the story. Every other character came from a life of privilege. The Hampden College student body seemed to be preoccupied with drugs and alcohol, almost to the exclusion of all other activities. Someone was always throwiing a party. Student housing on campus was co-ed with males and females living on the same floors, often in rooms next to each other, yet there is remarkably very little sex mentioned in the book. The book centers on Richard and the five other students in his Greek Studies course and the professor, Julian. Character development is almost non-existant. The book's plot revolves around two deaths or more appropriately, two murders. While in a drunken stupor out in the woods, Henry, Francis, Charles, and Camilla kill a local farmer. It is never explained how or why this happened. When Bunny, the idiot of the bunch, puts &#34;two & two&#34; together, he then begins to blackmail Henry, the group's defacto leader. Henry then decides they need to kill Bunny to protect themselves and for some inexplicable reason draws Richard into the plan. With the murder of Bunny, the remaining characters are now so out of control in various stages of drug and alcohol induced paranoia that everything including the book's plot begins to fall apart. Charles gets arrested for D.U.I. while driving Henry's car and the group fears he will crack under police interrogation and tell all about both murders. Meanwhile, before his death Bunny had left a letter for Julian detailing what he believed the original four had done to the farmer. Henry finds out Julian knows, so Henry commits suicide, but Tartt never explains why. Julian abruptly leaves town without a word to anyone and never returns. Why? The police are never able to build a case for either murder. Of the remaining four, Francis, Charles, Camilla, and Richard, only Richard returns to Hampden the following term. Why? He seemed to be the least likely to return, but he did and actually eventually graduated. The story continued in an extended epilogue but none of the questions or gaps in the plot were ever addressed. This book certainly did not deserve all the rave reviews it got when first published. Perhaps that is why Tartt waited 10 years before publishing her 2nd book. I intend to read The Little Friend later this summer in hopes that it will be better than The Secret History. Lastly, Tartt attended a small private liberal arts college in Vermont. That's a long way from her home in Mississippi. How much of The Secret History is fiction or actually personal experience?
This is a novel about a couple who were close in college but who have now grown apart. The woman goes crazy and comes up with an insane scheme to get her husband back. The characters are dull and I didn't really care what happened to them. I had to force myself to finish.
I downloaded this collection as it was indicated that fans of Agatha Christie would find it enjoyable.  I got a few pages into the first narrative and gave up.  All I could glean from the text was that someone was looking for a tall man and also the author's view of French detectives.  I just didn't have the heart to slog through this mess.Live and learn.
If you want to "teach" physics to a parrotthis is the book to use.  There is no insight,no derivations, no guiding principles.  To makematters worse the so-called problems often consistof nothing but shuffling powers of ten to convertfrom one measurement system to another - making thework about the units and not about the physics.Utterly deplorable.
I believe, after having read this book and checked the publishing date (1945) that it's &#34;classic&#34; standing came from the boldness of writing for 1945, not to mention the perhaps first real look at the difference between teenagers and children.I did not like it because it didn't feel like a story or even a statement to me.The main character came across to me as a pimply faced teenage boy who is rich and spoiled and one who believes everyone but himself is a &#34;moron&#34;. This gets tiring as it is repeated over and over in the text regardless of who the main character interacts with...except for a dead brother and a live kid sister.Perhaps due to the era in which it was written there wasn't a feeling of &#34;what a loser!&#34; in the eyes of readers back then.For now, in 2014, and for me, I found it disgusting. The spelling is often incorrect, but at least consistent.There is foul language in it, which I believe is far more likely the reason this book was banned from my high school around 30 years ago, rather than some secret message that is powerful or dangerous.I'm only glad I read it because now I know what it is. I found it very disappointing, but perhaps it is my lack of understanding of what it was like to read a book that &#34;gritty&#34; in 1945.Not a classic in my own personal opinion.
Lousy book, really the title looks like it's going to be interesting but it already tells you what all home buyers in their right ming should know.
I stopped reading this book after about 100 pages. It was just too too detailed. Really, I didn't need to know every tree species that grew in the garden of his childhood home. He also seems to have mentioned EVERY human he has ever met. And every course he ever took. And every girl he ever kissed (hence the 900 pages ....) Yawn. He should have hired an editor to cut this down by about 50%. Very disappointing. Another door stop for my growing collection.
Very basic introductory level material, nothing that I did not already know from basic self-study. Very boring read as well. This study guide and the exam itself are a bit overrated and do not go into the level of depth that I was expecting. Not much of a real tutorial on how to actually DO any of it, the author simply rambles about what is theoretically possible. The study guide seems to assume you do not really want to learn anything beyond the basic categories on the exam, and it does not properly prepare you for the exam anyway. Better to find another book for study and learning.
I was really was expecting to like this novel.  I am a huge fan of Kerouac, John Clellon Holmes, Burroughs, Pynchon, and a slew of other similar and related writers, so I anticipated that this would run along those grooves.  Unfortunately, I found very, very little to like in the novel.  I would love to have a dialog with the people who have been giving it such high ratings.  I haven't seen very many specifics as to why it is supposed to be good.  Let me give some reasons why I was so disappointed:First, I just didn't like any of the characters.  In particular, I didn't like Gnossos.  It isn't just that he isn't a very nice person, or that he is a total jerk to so many people:  he is boring.  He was supposed to be cool, but he didn't say cool things, have cool ideas, or engage in cool actions.  Most of the other characters were just as uninteresting, and to make things worse, were given some of the most unpalatable names that I have encountered in a novel.  Oeup?  Heffalump?  Aquavitus?  Fitzgore?  Gnossus?Second, the prose lacked both beauty and rhythm.  The sentences lurch and lunge like a driver alternately pressing and releasing the gas pedal.  At best, it is unbeautiful.  At worst, it is frequently impenetrable and opaque.  It isn't just that it is often unintelligible; it is that one gets the sense that figuring it out wouldn't be worth the effort.  Reading ULYSSES, one has the conviction that even at Joyce's most difficult, puzzling out his meaning repays the effort.  Not so with Farina.  And I couldn't agree more with the previous reviewer who says that the novel reminds him very much of the liner notes to an early Bob Dylan album.  Except, they lack the humor one often finds in the Dylan liner notes.Third, the novel just doesn't tell a very interesting story.  In truth, the story is about an intensely self-absorbed bore who takes too many drugs to no good purpose.  Contrast this to ON THE ROAD, where dissipation is connected with a joyous passion for life.All in all, I have to say, this was one of the most disappointing reads that I have had in quite a while.  I wonder if Farina hadn't also been a recording artist, Mimi Farina's husband, and Joan Baez's brother-in-law, if this book would even be in print.  I suspect that its reputation is based more on the need we sometimes feel (and to which I have sometimes succumbed) to like what is perceived to be importantly counter cultural rather than truly excellent.
Wow, what a disappointment. The book is poorly written and turns simple ideas into convoluted muck. For example, everyone knows that you can sometimes get a bargain in a pool of assets that are generally considered "lemons" such as the used car market. In this book, the "market for lemons" becomes "MFL" and allegedly was originated in 1970 with George Akerlof, a professor and winner of the 2001 Nobel Prize in economics. Huh? Another staggering glimpse of the obvious: people have trouble absorbing the reality of a sudden, unexpected event (e.g., 9/11, Kennedy assasination (my examples which, incidentally, are better than his)). Wow! and let's cite Nassim Nicholas Taleb and his insights about Black Swans for that astounding revelation! Jeez. I'm not going to bore you with examples of the dense and turgid writing. Also, if you are not a fan of "impact" used as a verb, avoid this book, it occurs in almost every paragraph. If you want clear, crisp writing and good analysis about the economy, skip this leaden tract and read The Economist or The Financial Times.
I ordered this book because I thought it was going to update me on a lot of new electronics out there today.  It really is not at all what I was expecting. It is more like a training course on electronics talking about the history very briefly and then going into charge and discharge, real basics.  I was still hoping to learn something's about computers and things like that which it mentions but in a very raw electronics way that gave me no insight into the products I wanted more useful knowledge about. No thanks.
Codex has so much promise . . . an interesting backstory of a lost medieval manuscript and what appears to be some promising characters at the start.  But the reader soon runs into problems.  Our protagonist shifts from overbearing to unbearable.  One simply cannot understand what made this K-Mart Hamlet into the hot-shot financial wizard the book says he is. I also found the author's delight in having his characters exist in an un-air-conditioned NY summer beyond the grasp of reality.Granted, the writing is better than &quot;DaVinci Code&quot; - what isn't? - and the characters have at least two dimensions, compared to the 1-dimensional bores Brown has foisting that old Church Conspiracy hogwash on us, but they never seem to do anything that makes sense.  And, as noted in other reviews hereabouts, it's as if author Grossman came up with a situation that he could not resolve so, like the old Elevator gambit in &quot;Hotel&quot;, he just dumps them. For me, it was good riddance to bad rubbish.And you don't get kimchi in a Japanese restaurant . . .at least not in NYC.
ummmm....I couldn't get through the looooooong passages. So many boring parts.Had she edited a good bit out, she would've had my complete attention, b/c the plot/story itself is really, really good. She just couldn't keep my attention long enough. The interesting parts are way too far in between. If you're used to reading boring textbooks and what not, then it's something you should definitely read because the story is  really good.
I was kind of in to the story until I got to the part where a character criticized the American interest in movie star Mel Gibson, excoriating us I suppose because of his much publicized drunken escapades involving anti-Semitic rants among other things.  Yeah, Mel is probably a jerk, but I do not accept him as symptomatic of American cultural decline, or whatever.  I am sick of political diatribes in novels, particularly when issued by Europeans from small countries ( which I am sure also contain drunks who make fools of themselves) with a homogenous citizenry.  He needs to write an editorial for the NY Times if this is an issue for him- they would love to hear from him.
I didn't like this book because, in the begining of the book it pretty much was talking about what he would do every couple seconds with his friends, with his sister or with anybody. In the middle of the book it talked some about him skateboarding with friends, and for the rest of the book it talks about the middle and the begining. I really didn't understand the meaning of the book or I didn't get the title of the book. It's not like many other books that I have read. I didn't see the author's purpose. ~soccer1
This is truly a bizarre rating board, exposing the very worst flaws of Amazon's review system.  On the one hand, we have obvious shills, whose generic 5-star reviews don't even come close to passing the smell test.  On the other, there are tons of single-review bashers who can barely grasp the English language.  The tells are that they are all short reviews and chronically misspell the same words: "waist" for "waste," and "starts" for "stars."  Very bizarre.For those who care, the truth is that the author is in fact a terrible writer and trader.  (Read my other reviews, if you think I a paid basher -- I simply tell it like it is).  The critiques of his writing style and lack of content are spot on.  Move on.  Look for a better trading book.
Amongst scads of positive reviews, it's a pleasure to offer a dissenting voice. What is this book?  The book's jacket sez: "this hyperkinetic and relentlessly inventive novel ... a narrative particle accelerator ... cooler than zero and unaffectedly affecting, a hilariously funny and deeply serious meditation on the nature and uses of the mind." Cooler than zero? That's called hype, and even though it reads like the shameless promotion for something hollywood, it might be the best writing to be found in this book.The basic premise and narrative structure of "Hard-Boiled Wonderland," while not especially original or inventive, does hold potential for a meditation on the mind. But Murakami consistently fails to touch this space. The characters are caricatures, one-dimensional, facetiously portrayed, and defined entirely by eccentricities. They lack any real sense of an inner life (despite the premise), and are, in most cases, some variation on stock cliches (the "deranged scientist," the "undemure granddaughter," and "various thugs" (this from the book's jacket again)). The narrative itself is also beset by clich&eacute; and caricature, not "genre-bending" but derivative, a poorly realized reguritation of big-movie & mass-market conceits.In fact the very language is often a weary assemblage of catch phrases and common combinations, sometimes laughable in their anesthetizing overuse: "I stood there dumbfounded, as if I'd been hit by a blunt object, overcome by the chilling realization of my utter helplessness" (Ch.3). This is a sense even better conveyed by reading a few pages. And although it's said to be "adroitly translated," Alfred Birnbaum appears to be trying to capture the sense of Murakami's style by casting it in a kind of hackneyed American vernacular.The science-fiction or cyberpunk elements are watery at best; the book basically equates the mind with a kind of clever computer system that operates according to some fuzzy Freudian misunderstandings. And after living in Japan for a year, its clear that this novel has nothing insightful to offer about the culture or sensibilities of the Japanese, one of Murakami's alleged assets. (For that I recommend Abe or Mishima instead.) The Murakami book-covers are beautifully designed and blurbed with a "cooler than zero" edginess, but after reading this one, its seems clear that Murakami is largely the buzz of a successful marketing engine, rather than an innovator of language and literature.
I had heard a lot about Gina Ford's practices, and having read some of the other reviews here, I had a pretty good idea of what she was all about.  But when I finally gave in and bought the book (I had to see what the train wreck actually WAS), I was amazed to discover that it was even worse that I'd ever imagined.Bluntly, no breastfeeding mother could possibly follow this plan.  Her milk WILL dry up.  And, of course, Ms. Ford makes allowances for this.  Early on she explains (as part of her explanation as to why demand feeding is bad...) that a mother cannot possibly breastfeed successfully unless she is calm and relaxed. (And if baby is nursing 10-12 times a day after the first week, mother can't relax.)  So ... what happens? Mother tries to follow the rigid schedule. Baby WON'T 'settle' according to the plan, and WON'T go the required 3-4 hours between feeds.  Mother is keeping her eyes glued to the clock at feeding times to be sure that baby nurses the correct number of minutes. Baby won't sleep all night. Baby won't be 'fully awake' at the times required.  So Mother gets frustrated and upset; mother is no longer 'calm and relaxed.'  And, voila ... there's the problem. It's obvious that the problem isn't with the impossible schedule and insufficient number of feeds. The problem is with the mother, who isn't sufficiently 'calm and relaxed.'  The solution?  Supplement with formula, pump more often (rather than just, say, NURSING more often, where the bonding hormones will promote relaxation), and, if nothing works, wean to formula.  (Which she assures us will do no harm at all.)This particular bit of advice isn't new -- baby care books from the early 20th century, when 4 hour schedules were the rule also gave long lists of things that mothers MUST do to breastfeed successfully ... be calm and relaxed, ensure that baby is sleeping all night ASAP, and follow a rigid schedule.  And if the milk supply isn't sufficient .. well, it's obviously due to mother's inability to relax enough. Sadly, "modern mothers are just too nervous to breastfeed."Other ironies -- Ford writes (correctly) that the old-style 4 hour schedules didn't work because most babies need to eat more often than that. So ... what does she then recommend?  A four hour schedule. Yes, she allows you to nurse on demand for the first week, apparently assuming that once the milk is in, your supply is established. She then switches to a 3-4 hour schedule with only 6-7 feeds a day -- nowhere NEAR enough for the vast majority of young babies. And within a few months baby will be down to only 3-4 feeds a day.Her description of what 'demand feeding' means is completely wrong -- but obviously written that way to demonstrate that HER method is so much better. (No, 'demand feeding' doesn't mean that you let baby sleep all day if he wants to.  Any good breastfeeding counselor would tell you to NOT let baby sleep more than 3 hours or so during the day, both to encourage a longer night sleep and simply because 4-5 hours is too long for a newborn to go without eating.)Isn't it odd that there are dozens of REAL breastfeeding experts out there, who all write (essentially) one thing (Dr Sears, Dr. Newman, LaLeche League, etc.), while this woman, who has zero training in infant care, infant nutrition, lactation, infant psychology writes another -- and we're supposed to assume that SHE is right and the trained experts are wrong? Hmmm...The discussion of weaning to the bottle comes on about  the second page of the breastfeeding section. She never once indicates that ideally baby should be breastfed for a full year or more, at which point baby can be weaned to a cup.She separates 'cuddles' from 'feeding' in her list of things you do with your baby. As if breastfeeding doesn't involve cuddling? (For Ms. Ford, it doesn't. At least 2 of the feeds are required to be done in a dark room, with no eye contact or conversation. In fact, the amount of time mother EVER interacts with her baby is minimal -- aside from the half a dozen feeds per day and a short bath and massage, the rest of baby's time is spent sleeping, lying in a crib alone,  or kicking on a playmat.)Her minute-to-minute charts and routines are laughable, and impossible to follow. Is mom supposed to keep the book in front of her at all times? "7:26... must put baby on the play mat for 12 minutes."  And they are full of 'musts' and 'is necessary' ... all in bold-faced type so you won't miss it.  And full of anecdotes of how 'things can go wrong' if you don't follow her routines to the letter. (Meaning that reviewers who insist that the program can work fine if you take it as a rough guide are missing the point.  She ISN'T presenting it as a rough guide, but as a rigid requirement, where even the slightest deviation will throw the whole plan off track.I also noted one rather subtle point: In her routines for the various ages, she starts with 'routine for breast-fed baby 2-4 weeks old.'  This is followed by routines for 'breastfed babies' of 4-6 weeks, 6-8 weeks and so on.  But by 3-4 months it's 'routine for baby.' No longer any mention of breastfeeding. Now ... within the routine she DOES mention 'give breastfeeding from both breasts or full bottle', but the obvious assumption is that most babies WILL be weaned from the breast by then. I wonder why....I would also note that Ms Ford claims to have worked with 'over 300 babies in 12 years.' That's 25 babies per year.  How much time has she actually spent with any one baby? How can she possibly know then that the plan 'works'?  Has she ever sat with a mother who is trying desperately to get baby to latch on after getting bottles from birth? Who is trying to wake a baby from a sound sleep because the schedule says baby *must* be awake now? Has she gone back 6 months later to see how her success stories are getting on? I'd doubt it.And then there was her comment about the parents who 'took a sleeping pill and drank red wine' before going to sleep at the top of the house ... so they wouldn't hear their baby scream for 3 hours straight as Ford's plan to 'teach' baby to stop wanting to eat at night.  Wow ... encouraging mothers to mix drugs and alcohol. Way to go.For a mother who plans to formula feed, and enjoys running her home like a military installation, this book might have some helpful points.  But for anyone who will be breastfeeding -- run. The three 'valid' points she makes are impossible to excavate from the drek, and all of those can also be found in books written by people who have a clue.
I spent the better part of my day reading this book and now wish I had chosen something else to read. It is so strange that at first it draws you in and then it quickly becomes one of those books that you keep reading because you know there just has to be a point...some deeper meaning...there isn't. This book is senseless, and often disturbing. Every character in the book is deeply disturbed, and the plot is pointless and often upsetting. I love to read and I feel this book stole a day that could have been spent with a book worth reading, because this one definitely is not.
"J2EE Applications and BEA WebLogic Server" by Girdley, Woollen, and Emerson, is a book that I had been waiting for. "Professional J2EE Programming with BEA WebLogic Server" by Gomez and Zadrosky kept me hungry for the `beef', and I knew that Woollen is one of the good answerers on the BEA newsgroups. It's a fat book of 15 chapters in over 600 pages plus CD, covering all the J2EE technologies. It begins with an overview of J2EE technologies, and then goes thru each of them: servlets, JSPs, JDBC, RMI, JNDI, JMS, EJB 2.0, JavaMail, and security, followed by two chapters on production deployment and capacity planning, and one outlining an example application, a web auction. Each of the J2EE technology chapters presents some small programs illustrating the technology, followed by some advice for design decisions. There are some WebLogic-specific topics like clustering, entity locking, and the WebLogic security service, but in the main the material is not specific to a J2EE product.The strategy of using small disconnected "Hello World" programs to illustrate each of the technologies is good. Other books reject that strategy because such programs are not realistic. Those books are not readable selectively. In addition to the small examples, this book also has a larger, more realistic example. A separate chapter is devoted to it and it's on the CD.Practical examples illustrate common tasks such as login verification. Throughout the book, the authors highlight tricks and unobvious traps.I am happy to see the two chapters on deployment and about capacity planning. These are important topics that are frequently ignored or neglected. This information cannot be learnt from reading the J2EE specs and mustn't be left to guesswork.The best area of the book are the chapters about EJBs. They explain the standard EJB behaviour, and the extra WebLogic functionalities like clustering and the use of WebLogic CMP. I appreciate practical advice that goes beyond what the spec says, for example how to write primary key classes, and how to use read-mostly entities.Unfortunately, one wishes some content and its presentation were better. The presented technologies are not motivated enough. Before I read how to program a servlet, I want to know why I want to program a servlet.The book does not compare and criticise the technologies enough. It should compare and criticise choices like basic athentication, form-based authentication, or certificate authentication for web access. It is not enough to say how to program them.The book uses very few diagrams, and no UML at all! Concepts like the relations between the three or more interfaces and classes that make up an EJB can be presented so much clearer by just a few small pictures. It's obviously not a question of space: we see many superfluous pictures of DOS consoles executing deployment scripts.The few diagrams in the book have several errors. For example in the deployment chapter, they contradict the text and therefore confuse. The diagram on page 568 gives "code" as the first stage in J2EE application development. Sigh.The quality of the technical writing in this book is variable.Don't read the JSP Chapter. If I didn't know how JSPs work already, I'm not sure I would have understood it from this chapter. There's grammar without definitions, like "import= " { package . class | package .* } , ... "". I could not guess what that is supposed to mean. The deployment descriptors are partly wrong. Class names are badly formatted. There are sentences like "out is a subclass of ..." --- it's not a subclass, it's an object of course. While it may seem fussy of me to criticise the wording at this level, this level is exactly where the reader spends unnecessary effort. An inexperienced reader may misunderstand the sentence completely. The chapter does not explain clearly what a JSP is and how it is executed. The chapter has become superfluous: Those readers who are able to understand it already know its contents.There is a lot of badly formatted and incorrect code in this book. I won't go into details, except to mention the ridiculous pages 454/455 where we are surprised with:abstract "C:\WINNT\Profiles\michaelg\javax\mail\Address.html" [] "C:\WINNT\Profiles\michaelg\javax\mail\Message.html" \l "getFrom()" () Returns the From Attribute.It was supposed to be a repetition of the JavaDoc of javax.mail.Message, so it is superfluous anyway. In any programming book, the code has to be correct and it has to be beautiful, even more so than the narrative text.Who should buy this book?If this is your first book on J2EE, you'll be partly confused by it. As a beginner's intro to J2EE it is not detailed enough, and not pedagogical enough. If you read this after a J2EE tutorial and together with the specs and the WebLogic online doc, you'll gain quite a bit from it. If you're looking for critical assessment of J2EE helping you to decide on technical questions like which transaction isolation level to set, whether to use stateful session beans or HttpSession attributes, you'll find some help in this book. Maybe not as much as I had hoped for. If you want specific hints and tricks about using WebLogic: the book has little more than BEA's generally good online documentation.VerdictMany weaknesses can easily be fixed in a corrected edition. The next edition must eliminate the typos and add diagrams. The book has good parts, but it could have been a lot better. Of course many WebLogic developers will buy it regardless!
Chuck revels in writing about the thoughts and actions of bizarre and perveted fringe sociopaths. This book follows that strange compulsion. If that sort of thing interests you then by all means read this book.
This was a really ratty copy and the kinfpd of book that should not be sold, just a cheap paperback but old and beaten up, rips in cover, pages, creases, paper yucky.
This "restored" edition is just the heirs' way of changing things around to make the heirs' grandmother look better. No thank you. I really despise revisionist history.
The central subject of this book is the boat plans, and they are not readable in the Kindle version.  Amazon did not scan the plans at a resolution that is adequate to read what is written on the plans which, in turn, makes it impossible to get anything from them or usefully refer to them while reading the text.  I would probably give the print version of the book around 4 stars, but the Kindle version gets 1 star.
This book was depressing as hell. Everything was gloomy for Louise. Nothing at the end of this book is solved. I don't have a problem with characters haveing problems but for god sakes solve the problem.
In fact, they were abysmal sailors. Even after two years, they could not set an anchor correctly!! They were constantly motor-sailing, and their longest journey was three days! Hell, I've donee more than that in the Chesapeake! There are many other books which can explain the cruising lifestyle - don't get this one
The last 2 Grisham books that I have read have made me reconsider buying any more.  Between 'A Painted House' and this one, I just don't think I can do that to myself any more.  This one wasn't as bad as 'A Painted House' but that's not really saying much because they were both bad.
A rather dry and somewhat boring expose' on non-dualism self inquiry.  I've read much more informative, interesting, and entertaining books written by Adyashanti, Gangaji, and Katie Byron.  On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd give it 5 at best.
I, like everyone else it seems, bought and read this book based on the rave reviews of SO many people.  Since there are so many people who hold this book as a gold standard to the romance genre I'm not going to warn you away from it.  Clearly, that many people can't be wrong.  However, for me I was sorely disappointed and found myself forcing myself to finish the book in hopes that the ending would redeem itself, it would pick up, something.  Heck, with so many pages it definitely had a lot of time to do so!Let me start off by saying that the "beating" of Claire is not what put me off.  I thought it was a hyperbolic statement of Gabaldon to say that she was beat within an inch of her life.  The beating was contained to her bum and it was covered with bruises.  I don't know too many people that were almost killed by bruises on their butt, and since there are no vital organs in the area, there was no internal damage.  It's bruises!  I also didn't really have a problem with the raping, although I found it a little unnecessary the depth it was taken to.  It just didn't add to the story in my opinion and was there just to be there.  And that, I do have a problem with.My main problem with the story is that it was boring.  I kept thinking that something exciting would happen and it never did.  The only part I found interesting was the witch burning and that was it.  I never saw the love between Jamie and Claire.  They were somewhat forced to marry and then later they mention that they were attracted to one another beforehand (although this was never shown to the reader before the marriage) and they immediately begin to fornicate incessantly throughout the book.  There's absolutely no buildup of passion or of wanting to see the characters together in the end, nothing.  Since the characters supposedly already love each other from the beginning there is really nowhere to go but down in terms of a climactic ending.  Yes, the bad guy must be killed but as a romance book that shouldn't be the focus of the book.  To me, it just seemed that so many pages and plots were unnecessary and is what contributed to the "boring" remark earlier.Another contribution to its boring me was that there was no real focus on her trying to get back to her time.  I kept hoping that that would happen.  Not because I felt she had cheated Frank, but I wanted to know how much time had passed, why only she can time travel, etc.  Another let-down was the killing of the other time traveler.  I would have loved to have learned how she came to be in the same time, why were they both sent to that specific time period, and what all she had learned.  Sheesh! Such missed opportunities in my opinion.  Although, my friend tells me she does go back in the next book, I can't help that it's what I was hoping would happen in this book!  It would have made it so much more interesting!  Since all of the things I had hoped would happen, didn't, and in its stead are redundant sex scenes and more marching through the highlands I was left falling asleep mid-chapters.So, although I can't recommend it, please try to nab a copy from the library to see if it's to your taste.  It seems this book is really polarizing, you either love it or hate it.
I saw the movie, and while I didn't love it, it was interesting enough for me to try the book. Big mistake. It's like peeking at the diary of a cloying, annoying, lonely woman. At times I felt sorry for her, but mostly just angry at myself for spending the money to get the book.The only amazing thing about this book, is how many people love it.
The first eight chapters of ths book basically are just an introduction to Python. They have nothing to do with the Raspberry Pi, any Linux system would do. If the book had just chapters 9, 10, 11 and brief chapters on readily available Python on Linux, and maybe chapter 12, it would have been a better book at half the price. Even better, maybe more RPi Python?
I know Stegner is supposed to be a great writer and he is widely admired. But I found this novel boring and lightweight, fraught with attempts at deeper meaning that don't quite work.The content is not engaging or very interesting. I read 72 pages, and the main character, an old man in a wheelchair, is obsessed with the life of his grandmother, Susan, who carried the values he admires. The world around him is sliding downhill, morally and intellectually, so he is writing a book about Susan, to tell the world how to live. Good freakin' luck.Susan is a mildly interesting character, and her life is also mildly interesting. She was in love with some guy, and she and a girlfriend hung around with him, but he fell in love with the other woman. So she married another man. OK, but so what?I'd have to be alone on a desert island, with nothing else to read, to want to finish this book.
I checked this out from my library because I thought it would compare to the DaVinci Code. Boy, was I wrong.The first 100 pages are filled with flashbacks that are not relevant to the story. I nearly put it down for good but it started to get better at that point. However, the author only devotes about 75 pages to the mystery of the ancient book the main characters are trying to decipher. The last 100 pages were somewhat more interesting.Althought the premise is good, the author trys to combine a Davinci Code-like plot with a coming of age story-it doesn't work, believe me. I'll probably give the author one more shot  but that will be it.
This book is billed as a motivational book that will show you how teams have used Dr. Elko's system to win. It is an extremely short book of about 150 pages.  It doesn't tell you in detail with the teams listed like the Miami Hurricanes or the UNC Tarheels.  It may tell one story in a couple paragraphs and then the team is never mentioned again.  There isn't enough of a story to illustrate the point you are supposed to be learning or coming away with. I was so focused on wanting to know more about his work with this team or that person that it was frustrating for me to read.  He uses quotes to wrap up each chapter so you can use this point in your life.  However I felt like you couldn't use it because he didn't fully explain it in detail or use detailed examples.  I just wouldn't recommend this book to anyone looking for motivation or to turn their life around.
I like most of what I read but this was slow and unenjoyable. The writer doesn't hold you much and I couldn't finish it. There are some plus sides to it though.
Semi-Decent book.  The organization is weird.  Very expensive book.  Maybe the high school book on Spanish is better.  Only get it if you truly require it.
This is the most boring narnia book ever! With boring scenes, I felt asleep reading it. Please don't buy this book. It don't worth it.
Rendell must be tired. Her latest stuff is such a disappointment after the great early novels, especially those written as Barbara Vine--my favorite is "A Fatal Inversion." I'm always  excited when a new Rendell or Vine comes out, but then recently I've been let down. This time  I'm so disappointed  that I don't think I'll bother with the next one. The characters in "Portobello" are thin and undeveloped, the plot is mostly absurd (Eugene's "addiction" to Chocorange is unbelievable and  just plain silly and takes up an inordinate amount of space) and Rendell's capacity for deep psychological suspense and horror is so crippled as to be nonexistent. I only hope her performance in Parliament is more sincere and effective!
It is difficult to find a generic approach to happiness in a world filled with different cultures, religions and experiences. I found nothing especially good in this book to recommend it. It's OK. Much seems derivative of other life planning approaches long available elsewhere.Ms. McConnell brings her own struggle to find peace and acceptance in her life as a gay professional to her methods and recommendations for finding a peace she can live with...and perhaps those who share that journey with her will find her approach helpful in ways I could not ascertain coming from a rather different life path and experience. I wish you all peace, truth and love.
Other reviews summarize the plot so I won't repeat everything here.  Essentially, this is a story about a time travelling man and the various people in his life and how he comes in and goes out of "meeting" with them - at least that's how I felt about it.  I kept reading it to see how everything would end but even that was disappointing.  At times, the story and characters were really annoying.  Yet when I gave this to a friend, she loved it! So much for opinions!
A hundred pages of references, but some very simple concepts elude these two authors. The fundamental question they attempt to examine and answer is how and why human intelligence evolved. Unfortunately for the authors and their readers this question requires that they first master the application of the Theory of Evolution, and here they fail quite dramatically.Making frequent use of chimpanzees as examples, they uniformly fail to address the question of what made humans evolve a larger and more intelligent brain than the chimps did. Which is really the question they need to answer. Fine, chimps need some smarts for their social lives and so on as they discuss, but last I looked we are not living in small bands like chimps do. And we are considerably smarter. Why are we smarter? How are humans different socially? Does that have anything to do with the question at hand? I assert that it does but the authors never mention it or examine human social structure.Robin Dunbar has done some interesting and pursuasive work on the issue of grooming (Grooming, Gossip...) asserting that verbal skills evolved to allow social bonding in groups too large to bond by grooming, and that they replaced grooming in humans because we evolved to not have much hair to groom. To me this is a much more logical argument for the evolution of intelligence via verbal skills than the one that these authors make.The authors instead assert the classic cop-out of evolution, that it was sexual selection driving verbal skills/social skills to increase leading to greater intelligence. Sexual selection has its place of course. But here the authors assert that it drove the evolution of larger brains even at the cost of female fitness (well, they actually fail to mention the cost for females despite it being incredibly obvious). This just is not what sexual selection does. Sexual selection is the evolution of a trait that has fitness costs for the gender being selected, not for the one doing the selection, and the marker indicates the fitness of the individual selected. Here the authors assert that females selected for larger brains, effectively, while paying the fitness cost themselves by dying in labor. They further assert that intelligence itself had no direct fitness benefits beyond the chimp level. Evolutionary Theory says no, that is not a possible scenario. If intelleigence is not a fitness marker for males but was simply a "preference" that randomly arose, if it provides no fitness advantages to humans (and given that it has a fitness cost for females) as they assert, then we would be chimps. Because these factors together select out the females that prefer intelligent males. If they had grasped the Theory of Evolution they would have known this.The dust jacket claims that this book destroys the work of Pinker and others in the area of evolutionary psychology. Instead it shows that these two have a lot of knowledge of details but very little ability to understand or apply the most basic concepts involved in the question they seek to answer. To attempt to refute evolutionary pscyhology one needs at least a sound grasp of evolution, and these authors do not have one.Finally, by rejecting evolutionary psychology they have remained ignorant of the work of scholars like Dunbar and many others that could have greatly informed their quest to answer the question at hand.Humans did not evolve greater intelligence than chimps because we were just like chimps but the females decided they liked smart boys. That is their arguement in simplified form and it is not even a weak one, it is a clearly wrong and not even theoretically possible one.
thankfully nesbo has greatly improved as an author since this first bookpoor translationonly finished this book because I had read the others in the series
I have heard about this 'brilliant" work of literture for many years. But until now have never read it.  After reading it, I never missed anything.  This is nothing but a priviledge wuss trying to be something that he never will be--a mature useful part of society.  He constantly whines, projects his uselessness on others and has little to no ability to see that the phoniness his so hates in others is nothing but his own personality reflecting back to him.  if he had to actually be responably for one second of his life and didn't live of the wealth of his parents, maybe just maybe he might amount to something.  I wish I had the time i spent on reading this dreck back.
I saw the trailer of the mini series and suddenly this was all over my Facebook page.  So, all one for a racy, bodice ripping historical novel, and as I am from Scotland, dived in with a big smile on my face.That is where the enjoyment ends.  Claire leaves her dull life in post world war 20th century Britain with hardly a second thought.  Within two weeks she is married and bonking her virile young Scottish lad (yes he has red hair and a kilt).  Then she is getting tried as a witch, then she escapes, bonks her husband, escapes, beaten by her husband.  He gets kidnapped by the very very bad English man who brutalizes him.  We are told this in detail.  Lots and lots of pages given to this.  Then they are going to France.And now at a turn of a page they are in France.  Just like that.Hunky Scottish man nearly dies, but is saved by time travelling wife.And in a few bonks, rapes and beatings there you have it.Really do not bother.
If you liked the movie Syriana, you won't like the book or the poorly written autobiography by Robert Baer.  It's a rehash of 9/11 failures ...there is nothing new here, not even a good description of CIA tradecraft. The close is typical:  "Are we not hitting the target we can rather than the target we should"
This is a mediocre book that seems to have benefitted from good marketing and a lot of hype in the wake of The Da Vinci Code.I do not believe the book bears any comparison to the works of Dan Brown, even though it had the plot potential. To me, the narrative seemed disjointed and there were many pages of what I would characterize as just fill, words that really didn't advance the story or help us to know the characters better.Unfortunately, before I got to the end, which to me bordered on being silly, I realized I actually didn't care much how it all turned out. Save your money and if you want to read this one get it at the library. l
Leave your morals at the door, suspend not only belief, but forget how the sequence of thought works, forget what you know about friendship, forget what a reading a good book feels like, forget this guy Harris was ever able  to string two sentences together and engage your interest, forget that you  squander every minute you spend reading this dead on arrival piece of doggy  doo, and forget it, you're not getting a refund unless you stop after the  first sentence and send this mistake back!  Why oh why did I read the whole  thing??  The ending was unforgivable.  This is required reading for  sociopaths-in-training.  One good thing--you can line your litter box or  bird cage with the pages and maybe save some money there.  Otherwise, I  would recommend just setting cash totaling the purchase price on fire.  At  least Harris won't get it.  Thumbs down.
I know The Sound and the Fury is reputed to be Faulkner's greatest achievement.  About the only part of the book that I enjoyed is seeing the various characters develop in strength or weakness.Benjy is my hero.  Why? Because he keeps his mouth shut during the entire book.  I believe he continuously cried and blubbered because he was mortified to be a part of the Compson family as well as the entire saga of The Sound and the Fury.  I feel the strongest characters in this novel are the women, with the exception of Mrs. Compson.  Caddy and Quentin seek liberation from the dysfunctional wrath of Jason as soon as possible.  What courage it took to be freed from the miserable existence within the Compson household.  Dilsey is another example of strength and control.  If anyone is resposible for keeping the family intact, the credit goes to Dilsey.Mrs. Compson, Jason, and Quentin are weak and either cowardly or bullyish.  What awful traits to exemplify their existence.For a writer who died in 1962, Faulkner holds little respect for blacks, women, and jews.  I found his treatment to be offensive and disturbing.I also challenge Faulkner's end to the book.  So many loose ends are not brought to conclusion.  The reader is left wondering what happens to just about everyone.All in all, I feel the book is an overrated piece of poor literature that really needs to be reevaluated for its place in literary history.
This book has some useful information and guidance so I decided to give it two stars.  It isn't the worst book I've seen on backpacking but it isn't very good.  I understand why others don't like the "preaching".  The book is loaded with it.The author recommends that you cut tags, cut straps, cut off toothbrush handles, etc.  According to the author, this gets you into the state of mind for ultralight.  It isn't what lightweight backpacking is about.  It is about knowing the weight of everything you put in your pack.  In the clothing section, the author only mentions fleece for the insulation layer.  This is very out of date.  There are far better insulation layer alternatives that are much lighter.  In the shelter section, he doesn't cover tarps sufficiently, the only option for someone going ultralight.  In the section that covers water, he recommends iodine tablets, a very poor choice with Aquamira and other chlorine dioxide products on the market.After reading lots of books on backpacking, reading the internet, and practicing it for two years, I came back and read this book again.  Some books I get something of value when I read them the second time.  This book was a complete zero for me the second time around.  If you're interested in lightening your backpack and want to read a short book like Kastenbaum's Ultralight backpacker, I strongly recommend Don Ladigin's Lighten Up! book.  It is far better.
By the time I was half-way through with this book I no longer cared about the main character Frank Bascome.  He seemed so self-absorbed and frankly whiny. The writing is excellent but I don't understand how I am supposed to relate to this person who seems so out of touch with every other person he comes in contact with.  He doesn't understand his clients, his ex-wife, his maybe-girlfriend, his son.  I just don't find the writing to be Pulitzer Prize material unless, like some modern art, it was meant to be above all of us plebeian readers.  If this is my problem, I accept that but I read to be entertained, not to have to analyze each sentence.
It has been two books and some years since John Grisham wrote a novel involving a lawyer and his court.  In that time something has happened to leave The Summons, his latest novel, clearly missing something.The novel begins with our main character, law professor Roy Atlee, being summoned by his father, the infamous judge of Clanton, Mississippi.  Along with his drug-addicted brother, Forrest, they are to decide the issue of the judge's will before the old man dies.Buy when Ray arrives at his childhood home he finds the judge already dead.  Then he finds over three million dollars in cash, hundred dollar bills, no mention of which is made in the old man's will.  The judge never made that much money, so where did it all come from?As Ray tries to deal with this immense problem, keeping the money in garbage bags close to him, he wonders whether to tell his brother, or anyone else for that matter.  And soon after this he discovers that someone else wants to the money also, someone who will stop at nothing to get it.The Summons is not really a classic Grisham lawyer novel; it is your run-of-the-mill mystery story, and yet even though it involves lawyers and the occasional court, there is nowhere near the depth of character and plot that Grisham has been shown to be able to write in his earlier bestsellers.  In fact it was the very depth of his novels that made him what he is.  One wonders how this might affect Grisham's renowned success.  Not much, likely.For over 500 more book reviews and free author interviews, go to the BookBanter site ([...]
This edition of the IT Manager's Handbook is the newest version as I write this review of this well-written series. However, I cannot wholeheartedly recommend this edition as I do for the previous regular edition:IT Manager's Handbook, Second Edition: Getting your new job done. It's essentially a condensed version of the second "full" edition, only dealing with the business impacts of IT Management -- not the technical ones. While there are a couple chapters of new content versus the second edition, it's not worth buying this version, as I explain below.The second edition is a well written 600 page reference encompassing the job duties of an IT Manager-- a title which varies from company to company. This business edition is only 400 pages and not as thorough on all aspects of this job. (I'm an IT Manager in a ~100 person tech-saavy company in Silicon Valley, and the title IT Manager can vary from SMBs to enterprises greatly -- but this series can help you find the bits and pieces you need.) The chapters in both editions are clearly laid out in an outline format and it's easy to find what you're looking for, from Personnel/HR issues, vendor management/purchasing, security compliance -- but expect the technical details absent from the "business edition". If it wasn't for receiving a promotional copy of the business edition, I would have returned this immediately...It seems as the publisher was ready for a new edition, but the authors didn't want to update the technical part of the book (or the other way around). Hence take the first half of the excellently written second edition on staffing needs, project management, security compliance, and other topics -- expand the chapters by a few pages, and call it a new book. While you're only paying 2/3 the cost of the full second edition, if you're going to spend this sort of money on a reference, go for the second edition written in 2006. I'm wondering if there aren't any further updates to this title planned hence the reason for sticking with the business issues -- which don't change as much.  Technology has changed since 2006 (that's the problem with technology minded books), but there's still a lot of relevance in the second edition. While there appears to be a couple new notable chapters in this business edition, one which is most notably entitled "The New Technologies of Connectness" that deals with social media and mobile e-mail, it's awfully short (about 15 pages) and seems to be added as an afterthought rather than a fully fledged topic (which it deserves.)Don't waste your money on this edition.
The book is well organized, and if I had thryoid cancer, I'm sure I would review it differently. However, it consistently harps that if your TSH is within normal range, you are not hypothyroid. I also states normal is different for each person, but does not tell people how to determine their personal normal. It goes on to say hypothyroidism has many symptoms of other disorders, but there is a huge void of what to do if your life is in fact non-stressful, or diet is already really good, and you don't drink or smoke, but still have symptoms. It feels like although the authors have a high degree of expertise, there is still a huge chunk of people left out of their scenario, people whom they "poo poo". There's more to this problem than they care to admit, and it is obvious by the holes that are left in the book itself.
I stopped reading this book when I had completed 70% of it. I had wanted to stop much earlier but I am usually persistent in completing a book once I have read at least a third of it. This work by an author who received the Nobel Prize for Literature has been so highly praised that I thought I could not fail to enjoy it. It did keep my interest for the first one hundred pages but after that I sneered at its cover every time I picked it up to tackle a few more pages.The book starts with its ending then it goes back to the beginning. The literary device of foreshadowing is carried through to the extreme: complete reveals are inserted in the narrative about what will happen years later. The story revolves around three characters, none of whom are very compelling. All three are obsessively neurotic in some form or other. Most of the pages describe a young Florentiono Ariza who falls in love with a prepubescent Fermina Daza. For years, being prohibited to build on personal contact, they exchange love letters and telegrams. When they at last meet to become engaged, she discards and shuns him--without verbal interaction--when she realizes he falls far short of fulfilling the stature he had occupied in her fantasies. The rest of his life he is possessed by worshiping her at a distance, having all the personality traits of a stalker.Meanwhile, while she is married for fifty years to a prominent doctor, he distracts himself by having furtive relationships with over six hundred women and girls! What a pathetic individual! All those years he waits for Juvenal Urbino, Fermina Daza's husband, to die, so he can finally possess the object of his "love"! I knew this would be the outcome since it was foretold early in the book. So I thought why read another hundred pages of trivial episodes, inconsequential anecdotes and incessant descriptions of food, fashion, furniture and fauna? There is very little dialogue. There is no suspense. The plot drifts in inertia.Whereas I had thought that I was going to enjoy a credible disciplined literary production about real-life villains and heroes (at least one), whom I could cheer on or cry for, I found instead this to be a tiresome tale of irrational characters whose improbably tortuous lives were turgidly presented by the author as stellar enigmas worthy of the highest critical dissection and analysis--when they were not. His other books are probably much better, but I am not going to read them.
This is yet another one of those prize-winning novels selected for discussion by my book group that I probably wouldn't have read on my own (cf. Soul Mountain, Possession, et al). And once again, I fail to be entranced by what seems to drive everyone else bonkers with reading delight. The caveat to this is that it turns out that I read the book with a very different perspective from my fellow book group members. You see, there's a bit of authorial slight of hand at work, and if you notice what's going on, everything in the book takes on a different shade altogether. Now, I wasn't actively looking for any such thing, but I picked up on a few clues (maybe 'cause I read a lot of detective stories?) and made a few assumptions, which ended up being correct in the end. This is in contrast to the seven other people I discussed the book with, who were floored (and delighted) by a revelation made about 2/3 of the way into it.In any event, the story starts in mid-1930s England in the home of a wealthy landed family. The first third slowly sets up a scenario of the prodigal son returning for the weekend. This is a very controlled and precisely structured bit of very old-fashioned writing which feels highly artificial until the weekend starts to unravel when a crude love note gets into the wrong hands. Emotions start to run high and then a terrible crime is committed, creating a moral ambiguity that the rest of the novel revolves around. In the next section we meet one of the characters in the fields of France several years later, as he struggles with two other soldiers to make it to Dunkirk for the great evacuation. This slender section is quite evocative and quite different from those bookending it. The third section takes the reader back across the channel to Blitz-era London, where several other characters from the country weekend train to be nurses. However, amidst all the action (such as it is), the characters all exist in the shadow of that awful weekend, and operate in service of the much larger theme named by the title.This central question is posed by one the characters: &quot;How can a novelist achieve atonement when, with her absolute power of deciding outcomes, she is also God?&quot; Well, this is the point at which you will either laud McEwan for cleverness and precision of plotting that reveal layers within the story, or you will sigh at McEwan for playing too many games with his work in an attempt to present Deep Thoughts. While I can admire McEwan's precise control of style and voice, which he maintains throughout, and the elaborate construction of layers to the book, I certainly wasn't entranced by the central theme or how it propelled the interaction between characters. Perhaps had I read the story without &quot;getting&quot; what McEwan was up to from the start, I would have enjoyed it more, but I didn't. It doesn't help matters that the characters mostly remain period ciphers of the repressed variety, the kind that the comedian Eddie Izzard is so good at spoofing. Finally, the pace... is... glacial-one of the slowest books to unravel I've ever read. All in all, not a book I'd recommend to friends.
This book is unuseable if you are trying to learn to read Arabic.  If you already have the vocabulary of a typical Arabic 5th grader then it is fine.  I actually need a "Dick and Jane" Arabic primer to get started.  Unfortunately, there isn't much of a market for those books because I can't find them online.
Read this book soon after publication and was extremely affected by the tragic story and Dubus' perfect character development and excellent storytelling.  No doubt about it, Andre' Dubus is a writer "non-pareil."I didn't remember the author's name, horrors, until I read "Townie" last week, a masterpiece unto itself. Dubus combines the elements of Shakespearean writing--ambivalence, foreshadowing, influence of outside natural forces, and the human condition.  His writing is clear and straightforward as people talk; he makes one feel part of the story. One cannot expect anything but a dark and tragic conclusion--that's how life is.  I've since read about Andre Dubus III and his father and hope to read his father's stories, too.Very authentic and heart-wrenching story.I rate this excellent book 5 stars.  I don't know why it appears as 2!
I believe that this book might be interesting for someone who is unfamiliar with value investing, but I must warn the more experienced reader that not much of new ideas are to found in this book. What surprises me most of all is that the author devotes the first half of his book to  convincing people that marekts are inefficient. But what guy believing in efficient markets would ever consider buying a book on investing in the first place ? Right: anyone interested in this book can skip the first half. The second half is rather superficial and brings nothing new on the table for people familiar with value investing. My advice: avoid this book and buy instead 'The essays of Warren Buffet' of the same author. The latter is really a must-read for anyone serious about investing !
This reminds me of the "Dummy" books which usually start off with super basics on a subject.  This is the same type of concept.It talks about selling stuff as an affiliate.  The concepts covered are being used by so many internet marketers (and have been for years) that you can't make money doing them anymore, making this book outdated.For example, the book talks about the "review style" website where you review several like products then provide a link to each product.  If someone buys through your affiliate link then you get paid a commission.  Nothing cutting edge there.Pass on this book unless you are a total newbie and know nothing about internet or affiliate marketing.
Let me begin by saying that I highly recommend Ian McEwan's "Amsterdam" and "Enduring Love."  They are good works of literary fiction, well-written, and they make you think about a variety of issues.  It was easy for me to understand why "Amsterdam" won the Booker.When "Atonement" was released, I immediately ordered it, looking forward to another good book from McEwan.  I was sadly disappointed.  How "Atonement," in the words of Publishers Weekly, quoted above, "just failed to win the Booker this year"  is a mystery to me -- not that it didn't win, but that it was even short-listed for the Booker.  Maybe it was a year of mediocre books.  Or it made the short list because McEwan wrote "Amsterdam."It was difficult to believe that the same person who wrote those books wrote this one.  Perhaps if he had taken all the disparate elements and different stories in "Atonement" and used them to write three or four separate books, or even two separate books, those books would have had the cohesiveness and interest I found lacking in "Atonement."  I just checked and "Amsterdam" was just over two hundred pages, "Enduring Love" under three hundred, while "Atonement" is close to four hundred pages (208, 272, and 368 pages, to be precise.)I enjoy reading good fiction.  I don't care whether it comes in the form of long novels with complicated plots and numerous characters or short ones with few characters, like "Amsterdam."  I liked the 2009 Booker Prize winner "Wolf Hall" very much, which is 640 pages and has many characters.  I did not like "Atonement"  The story and characters were just not engaging enough, not real enough, to care about, and there were gaps in the plot that made no sense.Perhaps McEwan is at his best writing shorter novels.
This book was so dense, I found it difficult to read. Many sentences had over 100 words in them. After pages and pages of such sentences, I longed for a  touch of the brevity of Hemmingway. This density, combined with the subject matter made for very dreary reading. I did not expect a testament of what it would have been like to have lived through World War I to be  optimistic in any way, but almost six hundred pages of dismal retrospect was more than I could take.
This book instructs you to keep track of your child's night wakings to figure out the reason they are waking up. Pantley says that keeping track of days that things went "right" is how you learn to get your baby to sleep the "right" way in the future.  It basically just tells you why crying it out is child abuse, and then tells you to do what you've already been doing, which is making conditions 'right' to promote sleep. If you can't just rely on instinct and you feel you MUST do someting to stop your baby's perfectly normal "habit" of nightwaking, then please, try this solution before you go down the dangerous path of abusing your baby to sleep. I prefer the Sears' method of nighttime parenting, that implies that a certain amount of parenting is needed during the night for many years for some young ones. After all, we ARE parents day and night. It is not an occupation you can clock out of once the sun goes down. Pantley's book is basically a version of Sears' theories, just marketed to people who expect to train their babies to sleep.
The information about Taoism and the comparison to Pooh's own personal philosophy are great. However, the author/narrator writing like he's actually interacting with Pooh and his friends is tiresome and pretentious. You are not A.A. Milne, dude. You do not have his writing style. Writing someone else's characters like that is called fanfiction and this wasn't even good fanfiction. If the author had just used Pooh to illustrate Taoist principles, this book would have been awesome. But I couldn't even get past the second chapter I was so irritated. No thanks.
When I saw Sailor Song for sale at the library, I thought I'd stumbled on two weeks of enchantment.  What I kept thinking back to during the 3+ weeks slogging through to the end was Chabon's Wonder Boys; if writing is about making choices, this was news to late career Kesey.  The book wanders on and loops around, leaving me to wonder "why....?"  (and let's not even talk about the genre shift in the last 35 pages)  On final gripe; the tone was annoying, or maybe I've just grown beyond the overblown/"wow-ish"/magical unrealism.  I need to reread Sometimes a Great Notion, but I can't believe this tone characterized all of Kesey's great works.
the depiction of Native American issues makes them inappropriate.  Wilder glosses over the ill treatment of the orignial inhabitants of the land that made it possible for her family to settle in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, the Dakotas, etc. They waded to their new lives through the blood of the slaughtered along the trail of broken treaties.  The author wasn't a stupid woman; she knew all this, yet she deliberately repressed it.  Had she been honest enough to deal with it, I might recommend the books.  As it is, they are racist trash and deserve to fall into oblivion.
i read this boook and i did not like it was too long i give this book 1 star so that is my experience with this item
This was one of the most boring books I have ever read. I thought, judging by the glowing reviews, that it would be very good. It is, instead, just a big blah. The characters are boring. There is little action. If you like books that offer nothing but wordy self-debates by dull characters, put your money on the counter. Otherwise, go home.
I wanted to like it, because Stegner was such a nice man, but I simply was bored out of my gourd. It's a very slow read.
I am a college teacher (math), and every term I give my new students a questionnaire.  Among the questions I often ask is &quot;Name one book, movie, TV show, or piece of music as your all time favorite, and explain why.&quot;  &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; has been cited more often than any other book, and I finally decided to find out why.  I'm STILL trying to find out why.  If my students relate to this book, then they are more bitter and loutish than they appear to be in my classes and out-of-class conversations.  I regret that those who attack the book have often done so on the grounds of its vulgarity.  That just devalues their argument.  The fact is that the book is lousy because it portrays as a hero a teenage kid who is nothing but a bitter, maladjusted punk.  He interprets courtesy as phoniness, and in fact assumes that anyone who doesn't immediately give him whatever he feels like having must be cruel, or a phony, or just generally subhuman.  This kid is supposed to be teaching us something about life?  About adolescence?  He's learning about himself?  He has no interest in any of that - he's interested only in what other people can do for him.  He is sensitive to nothing but his own feelings.  If you liked the movie &quot;Five Easy Pieces&quot; - another portrayal of an &quot;alienated&quot; and oh-so-sensitive lout which caused the critics to cream their jeans - then you'd probably like &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;.  The world is full of bitterly unhappy people who confuse cynicism and hostility toward the world with artistic sensitivity.  Many of them write reviews of books and movies, as they have done here.  But avoid such people.  They live lives of misery, and spread the misery around so they don't have to be alone in their hatred of the world.  And &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; is their favorite book.
After sifting through the mountains of good reviews this book has recieved (and the intriguing title) I decided to check it out. Bad move. (Most of) The characters, particularly Holden Caulfield, are flat, boring and Holden is not, as some reviews gush, &quot;identifiable with myself&quot; at all. Rather, he's made out to be a lost, confused (read-annoying) teenager with no direction of where he's going, leaving a large, empty hole in the plot. Phoebe, Holden's sister, is an (rather, the only) exception.Maybe I just don't get the book. Whatever. Just let me say that this was a serious letdown.
This is Rehash of the first edition - same boring material regurgitated back at you. It's like taking ugly red-headed step-child and trying to dye his hair black but the roots and the freckles show through the disguise - still ugly and red-headed - like this book. This author can't take any critisism - don't worry - he'll cry like a little baby to amazon offical and this will get taken down. I try to warn you that this book won't be loved to dog ears - it sit on shelf and become dust bunny catcher because the circuits are wrongness and the most don't go well.
I had high hopes when I purchased this book. The reviews were numerous and glowing. But I have to say its a disappointment. I suppose if you are selling commodity products, or undifferentiated services, some of this advice could be helpful. But overall it seemed caught in a time warp, tired and old advice. Then I went back and looked at the reviews and saw that many were over 10 years old. No wonder it seemed dated. If you're just starting out, or your industry, business or customers are not tech savvy, or your customers are not wise to these gimmicks, then this book might be OK for a starter. I just have to believe there's better stuff out there.
So boring, so pretentious.  Who cares about her love affaire with an English guy.  Tell me about your spiritual experience.  What did you learn, what do you know for sure, what is important.She is no writer...I don't think it would have been published if it wasn't for her name.Very disappointing.
I already have a thing about germs.  I wouldn't call myself germaphobic because it's not that bad.  I had to read this for a biology class and by the time I was done with it I panicked and sanitized everything I could.  Not recommended for people that are afraid of germs...
I loved the title of this book. I see behaviors that people exhibit all the time where they are essentially, their own worst enemy, creating situations where they have brought unfortunate situations upon themselves repeatedly. A book that goes over self-destructive patterns that inordinately talented people exhibit, would be extraordinarily valuable, particularly, if the writer gives insights that could avert those tendencies.Lane mostly uses his own experiences with people from GE to show dumb things that people have done, many of whom weren't all that bright to begin with. How do you teach a jerk not to be an jerk?When he ventures out of GE, he tells stories with obvious lessons: know your business deeply, don't get caught up in the celebrity of your job, don't be superficial, etc.There were no insights the casual observer of businesses couldn't glean on his or her own.Don't bother reading this. I'd bet it goes nowhere in record time.
This book got increasingly repulsive, both in terms of content and of style.  Harris's skills have become a parody of themselves as he indulges in every kind of flowery speech.  And there's not one likeable character  here, especially poor Clarice Starling.  The ending of the book is  thoroughly disgusting and almost painful.Do not read this.  Wait for the  movie, as a lot of what happens, like the first time around, will be cut  out.
It is hard to fathom what Mankell was thinking when he wrote this book. He sets a very high standard with the Wallander series, so it makes the plot in this story really hard to understand.The book actually starts out pretty well. There is a mass murder of Swedish citizens tangentially involving a Swedish judge. From there it is all down hill. A way overly long description of 2 Chinese men building the American railway leads to a series of coincidences and intersections of characters in China and Zimbabwe that are beyond improbable.There are many problems with this story, but it seems the main plot line, the mass murder, is largely ignored. The murder of every citizen in a village seems to be investigated by 2 local cops, who don't seem particularly interested in finding out who comitted the murders. There is no real development of the invetigation nor is there ever any detailed description of how the actual murders took place.The main plot moves to China and Zimbabwe. It appears that Mankell's motivation for writing this book may have been to show his leftist or Marxist sympathies. He even tries to portray Robert Mugabe in a favorable light as a misunderstood post colonial African leader.If Mankell's other books weren't so great then perhaps the low quality of this plot would not be so shocking. My recommendation is to avoid this book at all costs!
When the descriptions of Mauna Loa and volcanic regions Kilauea breathes more sprite and fire than the romance, it becomes crystal clear that the classic love story is tepid and embarrassingly melodramatic with one-dimensional characters who are too brittle to hold against the majestic Hawaiian background of the story. Nicole Ballard haunted by the emotional scars and label as frigid by her ex, relives her humiliation when Chase Wilcox, a volcano expert and misoygnst thinks her brazen to break his brother's marriage attempts to seduce her and pour cold water. Nicole is too dishy and wimpish; and Ms. Lowell attempts to cover up the insubstantial plot. The emotional honesty and cool-headed heroines are sadly elusive in this lackadaisical romance that does injustice to the readers as well as the author.
Unfortunately, I have to agree with the other reviews that say this is nothing more than a marketing tool for the author's website.  While the book did contain some good information,  none of it was about the subject of the book which was dividends.  When it comes time to talk about dividend stocks,  the author just refers you to his website and his free newsletter...  which is just another marketing tool to try and get you to subscribe to the "Premium" service.  I was hoping for so much more.
I do not normally read Grisham as I am not enthralled by his writing of things legal, but this was our book club selecttion and I read it. I too kept waiting for something exciting or interesting even to happen, and it never did. Had I not needed to finish it for discussion sake at our Book club meeting, I would have quit it. The end was a let down as well.  So Grishman did not get a fan when he deviated from his norm...Boo hiss!
Perhaps my issue with this book stemmed from my expectations.  I love, love, loved Jonathan Livingston Seagull.  I did not connect to this book like I did with JLS.  Perhaps my head/heart/spirit were not in the right place to be open to receive the message of this book.  Whatever the reason, and I am willing to take the fault. I was left feeling like I had wasted my time reading this.  Unless this book is about an author who wrote an amazing book once in his life and feels that because of that success he is expected to do it again and again, and really he is just a writer who needs to write but has been reluctantly forced into being identified as a writing Messiah (of sorts)...well I guess I missed the point.
Light-weight, TINY book of basic impressions of top speakers.I was very disappointed and would recommend as a best choice for speakers...Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs by Gallo.
Received it today and disappointed to discover it is NOT a rendition of the book. It is, rather, only a play (with an audience).Have not been able to ascertain how much of the book has been abridged but it appears to be only a short version. This version is comprised of only two discs and only has 37 tracks. Pathetic and a rip-off.This should NOT be included in the audio book section of Amazon. I'm not sure what category it belongs in but it is not an audio book.LW
while I have read many books on investing,I can enjoy one more book, as a person who has invested for 20 years or more,I can say a good read and interesting,yes you can learn from the book,however if you are starting out in investing ...read Stan Weinstein's secrets for profiting in Bull and Bear Markets,as an older investor and read many books from Amazon I like to keep up with new books out, this is a book that will open some doors for you as far as keeping up,but I prefer to keep it simple,investing is simple once you understand the basics,I go long in up markets and short the down markets...duhhh not hard at all,this book did open up to me resistance and support levels ,I did enjoy it ...if you are a seasoned investor ...go for it ...it may help on the buy and sell...and be able to predict a day or two ahead of time ...helped me in my trading...but if you are new to trading ...forget it ....good book...only two stars ...well not good for all investors only seasoned investors will enjoy this book,while it may flustrate the new investor...Happy Investing
I can't quite figure out the hype on this book.  I know it's in a ton of book clubs and maybe it's just getting a lot of attention and good reviews for this reason?  I read a ton and feel like this book isn't so new and different.  It's not such a seductive read for me, but perhaps it seems special and great if you just read chick lit and fluffy book club books?
the author is so full of himself. he uses so much adjective and he takes for-ever to get to the point. it's like listening to your english-major friend who has low self-esteem and uses big words often to try and impress you and you have already forgotten what he was trying to say in the first place. the story is just meh.
Very badly written and so unbelievably boring!The story goes no where, unable to get into it and abandonned a 3rd of the way through.
I have been reading  this author for years and this was the most boringof all his books to me so far. To predictable and much like a book writtenby a female writter I also read. I was disappointedPurchased from  5K books and was delivered fast. thur Amazon.
1. It's priced too high.2. The authors appear to have only come out of the woodwork when they could not maintain their advantage in the HFT space.3. The editing is awful. I only took the sample and spotted two simple errors any decent editor should have: The plant in &#34;Little Shop of Horrors&#34; was named &#34;Audrey II&#34;, not &#34;Seymour&#34; (he worked at the shop and fed the plant), and comedian Dan Ackroyd is not Dan &#34;Ackroid&#34;.
Based on the catchy title, I had hoped the book would be entertaining, like the &quot;How to Ace Calculus&quot; series. The title, alas, is a bait and switch, perhaps added as an afterthought by the publisher. I teach mathematics, and this book was no better or worse than the average dry textbook. It even has the usual incredibly boring chapter titles like &quot;Data Description- Numerical Measures of Variability for Ungrouped Univariant Data.&quot; No wonder regular students find statistics so dry and confusing. Starving students would do better to buy a used statistics textbook at a &quot;Friends of the Library&quot; sale.
I am so sorry I read this book under the illusion it was a mystery type of book. The author has been writing on the edge of fictional biography/mystery, and this time she crossed the line.  I got bewildered when the "plot" never turned up, the bad guys were just so unimportant that the twins linguistic skills just overrode their appearance on the scene and Peabody's maternal instincts just couldn't be bothered with evil doers.  The book is probably fine for those who bought the author's work for reading about the sentimental family interrelations but for those who expected something more exciting it is a dissapointment.  I feel as if I was sold this book on false pretenses.
I've read two very different books by John Grisham and I have to say, I don't get his appeal. Skipping Christmas has a decent premise: fed up with the expense and consumerism of Christmas, a couple decides to skip the celebrations and instead go on a Caribbean cruise. The news doesn't sit well with the neighbors, who for some reason feel they have a say in their decision.As  I said, the idea is not bad, but the writing is so mediocre (and in occasions, worse than mediocre) that the novel never engages the reader. The end is better than the rest of the book, and it manages to be moving, but even though this novel is only 277 pages, it feels very, very long.
This little book (Cantor's dilemma) came to my attention ironically not because of its well celebrated English version, but because of the new Chinese translation, which bore a new name (The prisoner of the Nobel Prize). Anyway, I spent a whole evening enthusiastically (at the beginning) perusing it (the English version), but was left with more or less joy.Many people in Amazon.com have praised this little book presumably without any reservation. I would also first congratulate the author's great effort to write a novel on scientific ethics, and in particular for the psychoanalysis of scientists. However, in terms of literature and science, I would say this book is not worth much attentions.The plot in this novel is too simple. A serious professor had a brilliant idea (which is flawed based on biology, by the way), two worked experiments (probably), and the Nobel prize, but suffered by unverified experiments due to suspicious manipulations of his postdoc. It surprised me that he won the prize within a year. This oversimplified the reality. If the professor didn't publish his experiment details and furthermore the experiments couldn't be replicated in other labs (officially), it is impossible to get the Nobel prize, let alone within a year. It would be better that the professor didn't get the Nobel prize and was constantly suffered from unverified experiments, rumors of data fabrication, and science politics. The deft handling of these crisis is more interesting for future academic seekers.One of the key components in this book is about research ethics. We have heard many rumors about research ethics. This book talked about a similar situation occurred in the Noble Laurel David Baltimore's lab, in which a postdoc was involved some manipulations of data. I like the author's way of presentation: hinted but never gave a definite answer whether the postdoc did something wrong with the experiment or not.In terms of science ethics, I would like recommend people reviewing one of the most horrible studies in modern history: The Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment. This study was initiated by the United States Public Health Service, together with the Tuskegee Institute in 1932. The study recruited 399 black men diagnosed with syphilis in Macon County, Alabama to determine the effects of untreated syphilis. The study would last until 1970, way after the discovery of penicillin in 1943, which is the most effective drug to treat syphilis. Unfortunately, these black men, with the highest education at 7th grade, were only treated by aspirin and an iron supplement. It was till mass media caught this horror that halted this experiments. By then, many had died of complications of syphilis.Although the book spent quite some length talking about trust, responsibility, authorship , lab rules, and in particular the peer pressure and jealousy, advisor seeking, tenure system, and gender discrimination, the author barely scratched the surface of publishing process, grant application and management, and other important research activities. It is possible that the author thought his intended readers are most likely undergraduates or beginning graduates. However, beginning graduates are eager to know how these research activities are like so that they can decide whether they want to seek academic jobs or not. Most time advisors are reluctant to talk about these issues with new graduate students.The author also devoted some pages on sex, especially on teacher-student type of sex. I am not sure why he blended sex in this book but it did add some vintages in it. The depicting of female scholars in this novel is too optimistic. That a fresh female chemistry PhD can get an assistant professorship in Harvard, Cal tech, and Wisconsin is amazing, if not shocking.In terms of writing skills, the author seemed to have adopted a film making style. However, sometimes background events cut into flow of story too abruptly. Furthermore, the author lacked the ability to write juicy words when he was describing romantic events. His view of sex and romance was also old fashioned.I think the ending is the worst part of this novel. As we all know, academic people are good at insinuating things. A famous professor will never write a blunt insulting letter to another professor. I guess the author tried to give solutions to all problems left in the novel instead of giving some hints. This reflects his lack of confidence to his readers, which are at least college students ( I doubt a not prepared high school student can understand many concepts discussed in his book).In summary, if you don't know much about scientists, this book will give you a good kick start. If you are a graduate student who talk with your advisors very often, this book may be too simple to you. If you are a seasoned researcher, it is probably wiser to use your time on other amusements.
As an adventure, "Timeline" is fast moving and entertaining and well worth the price of the paperback. Having said that, if you like the science in science fiction to be self-consistent and believable, as I do, there are a number of serious problems with the "scientific" infrastructure of this book.The first, and biggest inconsistency is that of time travel.  Is this a book about time travel or is it not?  The character, Gordon, says "time travel is impossible," and then describes the multiverse and the infinite number of other universes that exist, including the one that "exactly" duplicates our earth of 600 years ago.  The universe to which Professor Johnston has been sent using wormhole connections in quantum foam.  So how did the professor's glasses and "help me" message get from that universe to our universe, aged 600 years?  Crichton described the multiverse and then wrote an "impossible" time travel story.Then there are the transport machines that send people to the different universe (or different time, depending on which plot device Crichton is using at the moment.)  The machines are described as vaporizing the people within using high intensity lasers in the enclosing rods as the final recording of the person is made that will be transmitted to the "past." (I don't have a problem with his stealing the concept from Star Trek.)  However, the machines themselves are also sent back with their occupants.  Do the lasers vaporize themselves?  How can observers see a "data stream" as an object that grows smaller before their eyes?  Wouldn't it have made more sense to transmit a recording of the machine as a "header record" in front of the transmission of the person since Crichton is invoking "quantum magic" to re-materialize the machine and occupant, anyway.  (Does anyone besides me believe that the courts would call vaporizing people murder?)Once in the past the machines drift away into other nearby universes until recalled.  This is said to be a good thing since the inhabitants of this universe might destroy the machines.  Why wouldn't the inhabitants of the universe that they drift to destroy the machines?Finally, (though there are more) there is the motivation of the evil scientist in using this technology: he wants to build historically accurate theme parks about the past to make billions of dollars from jaded tourists.  Yes, I know that is what makes the story, but in an infinite number of universes wouldn't there be an infinite number of universes that would be the equivalent of our future with inventions and medicines worth much more than a few theme parks.  That's if you believe that a theoretical physicist could be interested in making money in theme parks in the first place.
Do not buy this book if you want to learn anything meaningful or "real world" about game theory.  The author's examples are irrelevant and in some cases not applicable to game theory constructs.
I had to read this book for school and i hated it. It had great historical bits, but the characters were unorignal and the story was flat. After awhile i thought to myself " Who cares about Jethro or Jenny Or Shad, there just a bunch of annoying people." Maybe it would have been so bad if we did't have to answer questains for it, but i really hated this book.(Please don't take my advice, have your own!)
I didn't feel like I got any new ideas about what sorts of questions to ask, and I don't even usually read books about this subject. Some of the anecdotes were interesting and the rest of the book not so much. Many of the managers mentioned in this book as examples of how not to behave just made me angry. There weren't enough examples of managers who asked the right things. They all fit the stereotype that people have of wall street in the current economy. They were all ignorant backstabbers but still ended up getting promotions and bonuses anyway. So what is the point of being a good manager who can ask the right questions if you will get rewarded for doing the exact opposite? I couldn't finish reading beyond the first half of the book.
I had to buy this book for class. But when I started reading it, it bore me. I don't know but for me this book was not working out for me.
I'm sorry to say that I was unable to keep an interest in this book. I abandoned it after about the fourth chapter and just moved on.
I am not a bodybuilder but have read articles on strength training by Mr. Little that made sense to me. I exercise purely for health and function. This book was a bad choice for me. If you like high intensity weight training, there are much better choices than this book. It also seems to contradict other advice given by this author.  He states in the introduction that this book is written for beginners who should train more frequently, but he gives only vague advice on when to change frequency. He gives an example of training one man on a once a week "max contraction" routine with great results, then advises three days a week for his readers.  In other books/articles by this author he writes that after about 2 to 6 months of training you should go to once a week training.The "Max Contraction" routine he prescribes has no exercises at all for the glutes and low back, essential for running/walking movement and spine stabilization. This is a major omission for someone concerned with general fitness and function.  This type of training requires spotters and machines, and is impractical for most people. Recent studies show full muscle fiber/motor unit involvement using lighter weights and a full range of motion which is probably safer for most people.Look for something by Wayne Wescott,for general fitness, or Ellington Darden if you're into bodybuilding stuff.Griff
UGGGGGGG!!!Back when John Grisham was new, he was hip, exciting, and wrote some very good books.This is not one of those books.Working on an unrealistic timetable where he was putting out a new book every year, 'The Street Lawyer' feels like it was totally rushed out the door.  The story is basic: a chance encounter with a homeless man turns a hard-nosed 100 hour a week lawyer into an individual who ends up doing pro bono work for the poor.  The writing is trite and old, the story unrealistic more so than usual, and the further I got along through this book, the more I felt the arm of the publisher telling Grisham to get ANYTHING on the shelves as soon as possible.I recommend this book only for the biggest of Grisham fans who have to read EVERYTHING that he puts out.** NOT RECOMMENDED
I, too, wanted to like this book, but in the end, just didn't. My main problem is the complete failure of Claire's internal logic regarding subjecting a child to the same dreadful existence as her husband's. They show up naked in strange places, for God's sake! The novel is an oddly amateurish effort, and I can't recommend it (very weak dialog, plotting, all those pretentious references to punk bands, and the unforgivable "beamish boy"...who talks like that?) For really good time travel, buy Jack Finney's Time and Again and From Time to Time. For weird genetic anomalies, try Max Tivoli - great story and utterly lyrical. Skip this one.
Based on dates i could find, I believe that much of the research quoted in the book is not current/up to date. I did not learn anything new by reading it.
The book is so confusing and it's written almost like the author is just talking....it's funny.. u read and it's just like the author is talking to himself or something.. like a conversation with another Ph.D!! or himself....there were also many (well relatively few compared to the whole number of questions) errors in the answers.... this is really frustrating as u think u've done something wrong.. but u really haven'tI used this book along with Raymond Chang's Chemistry for my first year chemistry class (this book was the REQUIED text and Chang's was the REFERENCE text) and I personally think Chang's is much better because he talks at ur level... it's almost like he understands we're beginners while this author doesn't...I'm sure there are even better chem books out there.. just avoid this one at all costs
Encouraged by the numerous positive reviews, I dove headfirst into this book, hoping for a positive and pleasant read. I enjoyed the beginning... then the story started jumping around, from one character to another and back again... things slowed down... way down. I found myself bogged down by page after page of completely unnecessary, detailed descriptions. Of EVERYTHING. People, places, histories, things... do we really need an entire reference laid out for everyone and everything in the story? Five minutes of story drags out to twice as many pages. When I find myself skipping ahead to find the actual STORY again, I know a book is doomed for me. I'll skip ahead once or twice, and if the bogging-down continues, I'm done. Other reviewers complain about the extensive medical terms and descriptions, and I agree, they ARE excessive. The "breast" references are also disturbing, particularly when they repeatedly focus on little girls and pre-teens. Sigh. Disappointed.
The book looks good on the shelf, and appeared worthwhile at first glance. But the further I got into the text the less I got out of the book.It's called "A Creator's Guide to Transmedia" which implied to me that there would be some technical content, but not a thing. Neither HTML5, CSS3 nor XML are to be found in the book. The index entry for "Video recording" directs you to "Prerecorded content."The chapter on project management calls it "The Unsung Necessity" which seems odd -- surely it's a very clear necessity. "Producing a transmedia project," we are told, "Can feel a lot like planning a wedding and shooting a feature film at the same time" -- not a useful nor informed analogy. In this chapter, under budgeting we're told that transmedia projects can cost "billions to produce" if they are "West Coast transmedia projects." This term the author uses to refer to a Hollywood feature film and its varied offshoots -- I've never heard of budgets running into billions.By the end of the book I thought Transmedia Storytelling worth $2.99 as a quickie ebook. It certainly doesn't merit $28.00 in hardcover.
After going through this book extensively and finding mostly jabberwocky, I felt compelled to write a review in order to save readers their time and money.Let's start with what is promised in the Book Description (copied and pasted):"LOSE UP TO 25 POUNDS IN 8 WEEKS AND KEEP IT OFF!"We'll move on to what is actually stated in the book, Appendix A, pg 265:"Let's face it: when all is said and done, this is a book about losing fat. Notice I didn't say 'losing pounds' or 'losing weight.' I said losing fat."That's one of the few honest, if contradictory statements in this book. It really is not about losing weight, though I have no doubt some people will lose some weight (short-term) if they follow it completely. That's because of:A: Week 1, which severely limits carbohydrates and thus creates a 'whoosh' of water loss, and;B: Weeks 2-8, which severely limits calories. Yes, on 'cheat' days you can eat anything, as long as you don't eat much - or in the author's words "don't stuff yourself."Point "A" is why most of the readers following the diet and posting on the book's forums repeatedly write that they lost weight "the first week, but nothing or not much afterward." Had those same posters followed the proven way to lose pounds and inches: high fat, moderate protein and low carb consumption - they would have continued to lose weight and inches week after week after week, without having to follow some cockamaimie up/down scheme that is ultimately doomed to fail. And by ultimately fail, I mean that as soon as someone can no longer tolerate a low fat, relatively low calorie diet, they will not only gain back their lost weight, they'll add to it.Let's move on to the very bad science that stands behind this book. The author states that:(pg. 28) "Studies have shown that too much saturated fat in the diet raises the cholesterol level in the bloodstream." In fact, studies have shown the exact opposite, and that:1: Saturated fat, when combined with low carb consumption, creates the very best lipid profiles of all. It's especially good at dramatically lowering triglycerides, which is one of the only two lipid markers that matter for assessing heart disease risk. The lower Triglycerides, the better. It also improves the other marker - HDL - and raises it dramatically.2: Elevated cholesterol has NOTHING WHATEVER to do with heart disease.3: For women older than 50, elevated cholesterol levels means they will have a higher life span, and much lower mortality figures than their sisters with 'good' cholesterol readings.Saturated fat does many good things for the body. To learn what and how, read a far more valuable book than this twaddle; a real owner's manual, if you will: Gary Taubes' seminal work: "Good Calories, Bad Calories." And of course, Dr. Malcolm Kendrick's "The Great Cholesterol Con" - both available on Amazon.Chant then moves on to:(pg. 31): "Despite the prevalence  of 'low carb' diets---and the way they are perceived as successful by many short-term dieters---carbohydrates are actually vital to the human body."Hmm. "PERCEIVED as successful?" How about: Have been proven successful by every single study that has tried hard to prove them unsuccessful. As with the Israeli study, published in July in the New England Journal of Medicine, and many, many others.--"short-term dieters?" How about the tens of thousands of people who, rather than diet, simply follow a low carb way of eating for a lifetime. A lifetime, that is, of being slim, healthy, fit and decidedly not fat.-- "carbohydrates are vital to the human body?" How about not needed at ALL. There are entire civilizations that live on a diet of 80-90% fat with the balance of nutrient being provided by protein - who, by the way, have some of the lowest rates of stroke, heart disease, obesity and diabetes in the world.(pg 31): "The body chooses carbohydrates for energy because they digest first and most easily."Duh. That's why they are BAD. Whether you're eating multi-grain bread or a squishy slice of wonderloaf, the body has precisely ONE reaction upon consumption: it sees it all as sugar. Which raises blood sugar levels. Which summons up insulin, which promptly stores all that 'quick energy' as fat. Adipose fat - the very worst kind. Eat that carb with some fat (fast food, for example, or even the fat Chant feels is 'good' -- but which is actually bad), and the fat storage goes from bad to worse. But that is precisely the nutritional advice she gives the reader, week after deplorable week.(pg 32): By manipulating all of the macronutrients in our macro-patterning program, particularly carbohydrates, we train your body to use fat and the carbohydrates we eat for energy instead of shuttling them off to the fat stores immediately..."Dear Ms. Chant: Evolution called, and wants its pancreas back.I suggest that instead of spouting sheer nonsense, like believing that eight weeks of 'training the body' can override the last, oh, few million years or so of human development, you take a few elemental bio-chem classes to learn under what conditions insulin is created by the pancreas, and how it is *invariably* used, your 'training' not withstanding.Wendy Chant's bottom line, after promising WEIGHT loss and making readers wander though a maze of 264 imprecise and unclear pages of charts, initials and bizarre instructions -- delivers on page 265 only the info that the previous tome wasn't about weight loss at all. The bottom line of this review is that there is a wealth of real information out there about how the body works vis-a-vis weight and fat loss that will deliver real long-term success --- and while I hope this review's readers find it --- this book ain't it.
Somehow I accidentally ordered the CD version (rather than book). Narration is really bad, so sadly, have to give this a bad review though I'm sure the content is great, just the audiobook was really unbearable.
I've been plugging away at this book for two months, and I'm not done yet.  I'm all for &quot;life in a small town&quot; narratives; small towns can provide the fodder for quirky and interesting plots and characterizations.  Unfortunately that is not the case here.My first, and continuing,  impression of the characters is that they are all stereotyped caricatures.  Everyone talks and behaves exactly as I expect them to after the first  page.  The charmingly quirky people are unfailingly charmingly quirky.  The  sweet and caring are unfailingly sweet and caring.  The wry and amusing are  unfailingly wry and amusing.  Even the dog is always lovably funny.  No one  ever seems to step out of their predefined character, even by a toe.  So  they are all predictable.I find the writing style intrusive.  I kept  getting the sense that the author was TELLING rather than SHOWING.  The  language is often stilted and mannered, and she manages to make sure we  never forget that she's telling the story; she isn't invisible, one of the  hallmarks of great writing.  I had a mental image of her pausing over her  keyboard and trying to come up with the next sentence that would reassure  us that she's still there.  Even her wit seems stilted and  self-conscious.I have no problem with books that are essentially  plotless, as long as there is character develoment or movement of some  kind.  In this book, not only does nothing much happen, but no one grows or  changes.  There is no crescendo-decrescendo; the line is straight and  unwavering, page after page.  So except for some mildly amusing situations,  there's no particular reason to read it.  You don't learn anything, there  are no thought-provoking ideas, you don't come away changed in any way.  Except a little older.So if you have high blood pressure or are a Type A  personality or decorate your house in &quot;country&quot; style with  gingham kitchen witches, this is a good book for you.  Otherwise, unless  you have a high boredom threshold, why bother?
When I critique a book, I do so on its own terms, meaning that I try to evaluate the book according to the extent to which it meets its goals. Consequently, I have reviewed some books highly, even though I personally did not benefit from them as much as I would have liked.This book fails to meet its goals. It claims to be a book "perfect for beginners" that contains "comprehensive descriptions," and helps learners "gain confidence." However, this book is not for beginners and does not instill confidence. The explanations of grammar are cryptic, incomplete, and insufficient to help the learners respond to many of the drills correctly. The drills often struck me as trying to be tricky. For example, one of the exercises required filling in the blank with the appropriate definite article, but the correct answer given in the appendix was for an indefinite article. There is the need for a book on Spanish drills in the McGraw-Hill series. However, this is not it. I have rated other McGraw-Hill books highly, especially those which are part of the Practice-Makes-Perfect series. This book is below the standards I have come to expect from the McGraw-Hill books for Spanish learners.
I was so excited to receive this book, however upon opening it up, diligently reading through all the chapters, and FINALLY getting to the "solutions" part of the book, I was very let down.  The jist of the book is to get a naptime, prebedtime, and bedtime routine going for your kid, and that will help them sleep all night.  The full night of sleep is contingent on seeing that they got all the naptime hours of sleep they need.  NOT THE CASE FOR MY HIGH-NEED CHILD!  I didn't find this book helpful at all.  I was very disappointed.  If you're already doing a routine, don't even waste you money here!
I had to say that I, too, thought this was the worst book I have ever read--hands down.  I have a master's degree in comparative literature, and other than Moll Flanders and Fanny Hill, I have never read a...what did the other reviewer call them "bodice-rippers"?--so it's not a case of lack of taste.  The author of this book is self-indulgent, pompous, "in the know, and I'm never going to let you forget it!"--the whole thing is like listening to a half muttered conversation that after time you realize that you are never going to be let into.  I did plow through to the end, but only as a test of my endurance.  And I cheered at the end--but only because the damned thing was done.
Found this in a used bookstore cheap so I grabbed it.  Poorly written with flat characters, its fast-paced "mystery/thriller" plot takes everything I hate about Dan Brown and amplifies it to absurdity.I was not surprised to find that it was a best seller and a movie in development.  It reads like a Hollywood movie I will not see.
Rejoice!  Another Great Writer is in our midst!  The great Philip Roth, no less, and he is proclaiming it to the world!  Note the page-long paragraphs!  Note the tortured sentence structure!  Note the lack of such fundamental techniques as the use of the semicolon!  But he doesn't need that!  No!  He's an American original!  A treasure!Or so he thinks. This story is about Coleman Silk, a classics professor at a tiny eastern university, who at the apex of his career is falsely accused of making a derogatory comment about two black students he has never even seen.  An academic feeding frenzy ensues which destroys his career, and which he believes causes the stroke which kills his wife.  The irony is that Silk, a black man, has passed himself off as a white man for the last forty years.  An interesting idea, particularly in our current society with its suffocating political correctness.  It is a promising theme:  the Human Stain of the title referring not only to the central character's skin color, but also to the blemish on our soul which enables us to be so petty and cruel to one another.But it is just horribly executed.  Roth presents what we know to be true without any freshness or originality, and strains our credulity with things that we may not have known.  The Viet Nam vet is a perfect example of this:  his experience in the war is a patchwork of things such as we've witnessed in literally hundreds of novels and films;  yet he's still exorcising these demons 26 years after his return, and part of the cure is learning to eat at a Chinese restaurant.  Huh?  I've never heard of this;  perhaps I missed something, but this seems like a real stretch to me.The black family in 1940's New Jersey is another one.  Silk is valedictorian of his high school class, a track star and an unbeaten boxer.  Everything comes easy to him, and his race seems to be only a very minor impediment to both he and his family.  But remember, this is the forties, and all good little Americans have been taught that black people suffered horribly in these times.  So what is it?  No, I'm not saying that their lives as they are presented are impossible, or even improbable, but it is certainly unusual, and the sister's explanation towards the end is too little, too late, and tacked on.All of the characters are flawed, grossly or slightly, from the loony French professor to the unbelievable cowgirl, but the worst sin is in the narrative itself.  I will confess that I haven't read any Roth since Portnoy's Complaint, and I don't remember that much about it, except that I do remember it was a well-told, compelling story.  This one is turgid, with its run-on sentences, page-long paragraphs, and mind-numbing narrative and character summaries.  Nothing happens in this book.  Ever.  But it grinds on, utterly devoid of humor or wit.  Even his comments on the Clinton scandal, disguised in an overheard conversation, are not only dull, but vulgar, and completely unnecessary.  In fact, nothing from this bloated mess is expurgated.  Mr. Roth, critically acclaimed, seems to be suffering under the delusion that his legions of fans can't bear to be without even his idlest or most mundane little thoughts.  I have news for him:  we can.
I read this book about a year ago, and I hated it, so I will admit now that I don't remember more than just the basic plot points. I am, however, listening to an interview on NPR with the author, and the fact that anyone LIKED this book really just ticks me off.The impression that I have carried with me, and that I give to anyone who asks me what I thought of this book, is that there is nothing about the characters to make me feel sympathetic to them. They're whiny, selfish, self-absorbed, and by the end of the book I was so annoyed with all of them that I was not disappointed to see that their lives fell apart. I guess the only merit to the book, then, is that so many people ARE as whiny, selfish and self-absorbed as these characters are portrayed, so it's realistic in it's own way, but I believe the novel was attempting to create empathy for the characters pain, and all I wanted to do was slap them all upside their annoying, cranky, pouting heads.Don't waste your time with this one.
I've had several language CDs, including a few from Pimsleur and Michel Thomas, and this course is no comparison. The others, while different, are easy to follow, and great for using, even when I only have 10-20 minutes to listen. This course *requires* the book - just listening is not possible. Note that this is not stated on the package. So immediately, I am unable to listen on my drive to work (which for me, is 30-minutes of prime learning time with the other brands). Further, following along in the book is difficult, as there is no time to practice, and no repetition of the content, either (yes, I know that I have a rewind button, but I'd prefer not to wear it out with the usage that this course would require). Finally, my last complaint is that the content is not words or phrases, but whole conversations. Hence my title for this review - do they actually think that people can learn this way? I do not.
This is the most recently published of the more than two dozen novels in the Richard Bolitho naval series, but by the internal chronology, it comes third. It's here that Midshipman Bolitho is examined for promotion to lieutenant, and also here that he loses his best friend, Martyn Dancer, in a very minor action against a smuggler's brig. The problem with this extremely brief "novel" (a mere 113 pages, not counting the glossary and the selection from the next book in the series) is that the narrative and plot line are both as thin as muslin. It's almost a sketch of what ought to have been a full-dress novel three times its length. I found myself stopping to go back and reread a couple pages, thinking I'd missed something. And I kept checking the printed page numbers, in the suspicion that two had been glued together. The lieutenant's exam, for instance, has only just begun, maybe two or three basic questions asked, when suddenly it's over and Bolitho is being congratulated on having passed! When it becomes apparent Richard and his small party are going to have to capture a lugger on the beach in order to interrupt the loading of smuggled cases of muskets -- at least, I think that's what they're attempting to accomplish, it's never really clear -- the narrative jumps from the beach, to a moment in their own boat, to a few minutes after they take the smuggler's boat. If this were a movie, it would be littered with scene cuts and pages ripped from the screenplay. The whole thing seems to be a ploy on the author's part to bring in some extra dough without having done anything to earn it.
I got this for free for Kindle so I don't feel too cheated.  The title is misleading.  The book is less about the soul of beer and more about the business of brewing.  It is mildly interesting as a book about the beer industry.  45% of the book is the actual book.  34% is endnotes which should have been eliminated or incorporated into the text. I did not read them since there were so many that reading them would have completely destroyed the flow of reading the text.  There are two very short appendixes, and the rest is an index. A good editor could have made this much more entertaining and enlightening.
I found the story hard to get into and the various plot masinations to be a struggle. I ddin't enjoy this nearly as much as the previous one.
From start to finish this book aimed at the full breadth of keelboat sailing, from weekender/daysailors to flat-out single-handed round the world racers with only moderate focus on cruising boats, coastal or offshore. The only major keelboat types I can think of not addressed were trailer-sailers and purpose built racers such as one-design boats.  Discussion touched on 5 boat types with sketches of each: Weekender, Cruiser (coastal), Voyager (offshore), Singlehander (racer with water ballast and ultra deep bulb keel) and Cruiser/Racer (very explicitly emphasizing the racer part).  The focus of the writing was generally on the desirability of the latest high-tech innovations in design on boats culminating at the end of the book with a discussion of the author's design of a 54' "cruising" boat with bi-pod mast, canting keel and misc. other 'bling' goodies.The book read very much like an ad for the design services of the author who according to the dust jacket bio owns and runs a boat design company.  This was confirmed at the beginning of the last chapter when the author writes, "Any of the designs in this book is available from my design office in Jamestown, Rhode Island, see page ii."Ultimately the book did not live up to its title in the least having only minimal amounts of explanation of the why behind major boat design features for cruising.  The only good part is that I bought the book used for $10, 60% off cover price, though I still feel like I paid too much.
Dr. Peck should have cut this book in half and sold it as two separate books. I liked the first half, but disliked the second. It's divided in 4 sections. Here's my 1/10 grade on each section:DISCIPLINE: 7LOVE: 8GROWTH AND RELIGION: 4GRACE: 2As you can see, I believe the first two sections were much better than the last two sections. The book was getting interesting and then suddenly it took a sharp turn and went downhill after that.PROS:- Conversational writing style, although a bit long-winded at times.- Several engrossing ancedotes about his patients, especially in the section called love.- Each section is just a few pages, helping to make things flow.CONS:- Paragraphs are hard to digest: he often has enormous paragraphs that take up nearly the whole page.- Peck's tough love is a bit much. The book begins: "Life is difficult." He goes on to describe how tough everything is, the importance of discipline, and not to be lazy, etc.... Personally, I don't see life as being such a monumental struggle. Maybe I'm lucky, but I felt that too often Peck looks at situations as the glass being half full. I suspect his world view came from working with patients who had problems. He listened to people complain all day. If I had that job, I might also conclude that life is difficult. However, I felt like Peck was a military man ordering me around.- Too preachy. I have a degree in Religion, and perhaps because of that, I have a wider view of world religions than Peck. Although he occassionally mentions the Buddha, he is a strong Christian. There's nothing wrong with that, but I was expecting that this book would be less preachy. Some readers (like me) who expect this to be a secular book will be surprised by the religious turn it takes in Part 3.- It's shocking at the bottom of page 175 (in my early edition) where he says he would have sex with his patient if he thought it would help her! It's not surprising that later Peck would admit to having had several extra-marital affairs. His wife of 40+ years divorced him a few years before his death. My point is that such statements in this book make me lose confidence in his judgment and make me question everything he writes.- In the "Miracle of Evolution" section, he states that humanity is the top of evolution. This 19th century belief has been updated by most scientists in the 21st century. Humans are just on branch on the evolutionary tree, and not necessarily the highest branch. In a global nuclear war, mosquitoes may feel genetically superior to us because they will have survived.- He argues we are the center of the universe. I don't buy it. He writes, "We live our lives in the eye of God, and not at the periphery but at the center of His vision, His concern." God didn't even put us in the center of the Milky Way Galaxy, but on its periphery. Maybe Peck's right, but he didn't convince me.WHO MIGHT LIKE IT: Traditional Christians will probably disagree with my review. Some Christians might love how Peck merges psychology and religion. I didn't.CONCLUSION: I had high expectations for this book, having heard much about it. It was more disjointed than I expected. The turn it takes halfway through the book is particularly unexpected. I prefer books like "Your Best Life Now!" where the author is up front with the reader about his intentions to preach his religious beliefs to him. Peck sneaks it in there and it's a turnoff.
Review of Daniel Ladinsky's The Gift: Poems by Hafiz, the Sufi MasterSpiritual and Poetic ChicaneryThe most important point is that this book is NOT a book of translations of Hafez. Instead, it is a book of original poetry by Daniel Ladinsky, "inspired by" Hafez. Other reviewers have pointed this out, but obviously, this book's high rating and continued commercial success show that this is not well enough known. I purchased this for a poetry book discussion group, and now I feel ripped off. No one else there knew of this when I told them at the meeting (I only found out the day before, unfortunately), and were quite shocked. And these are people who have devoted their whole lives to poetry, including one who has done translation herself, so they're no rank amateurs. The person who suggested the book does not have Internet access, so I guess she didn't have a chance to do the research.Ladinsky has tried to justify pawning off his own work as that of Hafiz, including his own review here, in a pathetic attempt to use a loose definition of translation and that, if it gets to a lot of people and makes people happy, what's the problem? Well, heroin and cocaine can be loosely reinterpreted as medicine (in fact people used to think it had medicinal properties), and some could say that once they become available, they become widespread and make people happy. But that don't make shooting up and snorting good things.Ladinsky, as well Penguin (who, as far as I know, has been silent on the matter), should take responsibility for their deceitful action. And for those who try to say that Ladinsky doesn't claim to actually translate, or that Penguin went against his wishes (as he himself half-heartedly indicates): let's be clear. It says right on the cover "Translated by Daniel Ladinsky," and he has done other books saying the same thing. If it happened once, it shouldn't have happened again. Also, though he hm-haws about wanting to originally call the poems "versions," he doesn't disavow the end result, express regret or vow to work with a publisher who will be more honest in the future. No, he tries to justify his deceit by saying it is for our own good. Just like a cult leader.If you have any doubt about this, compare Ladinsky's work with other translations of Hafez into English. You will quickly see the difference. The translations vary quite a bit stylistically--eg, Gertrude Bell's biblical-sounding 18th-century translation, Elizabeth T. Gray's more formal translation, and Thomas Rain Crowe's more colloquial translation. But the most loose translation is still very different from this.Hafez is most known for his mastery of the ghazal, a poetic form which consists of five or more couplets, with a word or phrase from the second line of the first stanza repeated in the second line of each successive stanza. While some translators have forgone the formal structure of this form in order to attempt a more organic rhythm (such as Robert Bly and Leonard Lewisohn), the vestiges remain, creating the sense of an unfolding pattern, of insights unraveled. Not so with Ladinsky's verse, whose formal arrangement is quite abysmal, making frequent use of one or two word lines (which feels arbitrary rather than powerful), and line breaks that seem to have little rhyme or reason. The language is also usually simplistic, the use of metaphor awkward and often not interesting, so that from an aesthetic point of view, these could not be considered very good poems.If there is any value here, it would have to be from a spiritual point of view. People claim, even after knowing that Ladinsky didn't actually translate these poems, that they still find the poems uplifting. Although couched in New Age style ideas, which seem rather "precious" and saccharine at times, I can see this; there is something joyous in reading poem after poem that encourages love and happiness so forcefully, and some of the verses do have a rather surprising and playful sense of humor (eg, "A Hard Decree," in which God posts a warning that those who can't find joy in life will feel the jaws of the world bite their sweet a--). The value of all this becomes problematic, pretty much ruined actually, by the knowledge that Ladinsky pretty much used Hafiz as a selling point. If these had been sold under his own name, or if it was marketed as "Inspired by" rather than "Translations of" that would be different.It's not as though I imagine Ladinsky is completely unfamiliar with Hafez--some of the imagery and techniques in the book imply otherwise. But it is only a vague similarity; the celebration of drunkenness, the use of erotic or earthly love as a longing for God, being self-referential--these all appear in Hafez, but not quite in the ways Ladinsky renders them. Ladinsky is a bit over-the-top in his irreverence to the point of his tone actually seeming like a parody of Hafez, rather than a respectful tribute. Others have noted that the spirituality in here bears more resemblance to Zen Buddhism than Sufism, which I think has some relevance--the use of absurdity (like in "Two Giant Fat People"), the celebration of silence, seeing God in everything ("Courteous to the Ant"). Ladinsky mentions Allah (once, I think), and Muhammad a few times, but even those don't really say anything particularly interesting about Islam or Sufism, and as far as I know there aren't any references to the Quran--very different from the playful allusion to the Quran and Islamic and Zoroastrian (not referred to at all by Ladinsky) culture in the actual Hafez. So if you are looking to gleam something of Sufism from the "Sufi Master," you won't find it here.Ladinsky talks about spending time with Meher Baba. If you look up info about Meher Baba, you will perhaps get a better idea of Ladinsky's background and influences. Meher Baba had more of a Hindu-type spirituality. I'm sorry, but the guy claimed to be an incarnation of God, and that makes me very suspicious. I only know a little of Sufism, but it seems to me even the most radical Sufi, if coming from a proper tradition, would find that to be utter blasphemy.In conclusion, Ladinsky and Penguin should be ashamed of themselves for using the name of a greatly respected poet to sell books fraudulently. If Ladinsky were to take responsibility and try to work for a more honest output in the future, maybe he could be respected by some as a spiritual writer. But as it is, he does a disservice to himself as well as Hafez. And I am sad to think that people will not look for actual translations of Hafez, relying solely on Ladinsky's inventions, which are more accessible but not the same at all. Hafez' work deserves attention, and even the worst translation is better than no access at all--or worse yet, a fraud.
I regret that I could not finish this documentary-novel.  I simply gave up half way into the book.  While I empathize with those who are homeless, and I think our society does have a problem, Grisham has taken the cause too far in novel form.  To make a long story short, it is boring.  His writing is flat and the character developent falls short.  Within 50 pages the protagonist tells all, almost dies, and makes a major life change.  None of these events makes one identify with him because of the verbage. I don't think Grisham is a good writer but he sells books. He definitely needs a new start or a good writing course.
I read this book because it was someone eles choice in a book club i am in. I was depressing, I dint find any redeaming values in it and i think you need a PhD. in chines/japanes culture to understand most of the symobolism. None of the characters were endearing, i honestly didnt care if none of them servived. Pluses i have rearly resd a book with such a messed up time line. Wish i could scrub my brain clean of the grafic violence and get those hours of my life back spent reading this book. Only reading factor, the book was under 400 pages.
I was so bored reading this book.  After reading the grammatically incorrect sentences on the first page, I should have stopped. However, I was lulled by the great Hemingway name and continued onto the dull, dry book. It was so hard not editing his badly constructed sentences. They call this prose? Hah!!! No flow, no plot, not much in adventure and I could not wait to finish, just to see if anything was indeed worth the read. NOT! Don't waste your time and money. This book is worth starting a fire with or swatting a fly...that's all.
This book has been a struggle to read.  It's not the material---the actual instruction is basic online marketing information that can be found online for free---it's the writing.  For a book with the McGraw-Hill name attached to it, I expected better.  I hate picking on authors; I know how much work it is to write a book.  But in this case I wish a good editor had helped make the book more readable.  As it is, the book is a great lesson in how NOT to write.  It's full of cliches (e.g. There is no I in TEAM). Lots of exclamation points!  And some downright confusing writing.The book begins with three Online Marketing Rules.  Rule #3 states "You have conquered all three rules by picking up this book.  Don't let it go!"  Huh?  That's rule number three?The author promises "36 action-packed hours that will lead you to web greatness."  The rationalization for this is that the "Web phenomena Facebook started with only a few hours of very simple programming (honestly), and now has a valuation in the billions of dollars."  Huh?  Maybe I missed the point, but I seriously doubt Facebook is the result of "only a few hours of very simple programming."In describing Chapter 8 the author says "Search Engine Optimization delves into SEO."  Isn't this like saying "Search engine optimization delves into search engine optimization?"  The author then says "You will also learn how social media (Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, etc) can boost SEO for total web domination."  I'm not sure "total web domination" fits with the authors' other remarks in the book about online marketing being primarily about creating valuable relationships, but it seems out of place. I also don't think it's true.In describing Chapter 11 the author says "Online Public Relations will show how PR can be done in your pajamas."  Really?  Perhaps if you are out of work or a single practitioner working from home.  But is that really the focus of this chapter?  There are dozens of examples like this throughout the book of writing that seems like it was done hastily, with little editing, and by someone who doesn't inspire confidence in their basic marketing credentials.I wanted to like this book and include it in my own ongoing marketing education (or as the author says, "claim your newfound web wisdom (or shall we say "webdom"?). I do embrace the role of online marketing in an overall integrated marketing strategy. But as a 30-year marketing veteran, I can't say I learned enough to justify the price of the book.As the author (condescendingly) says, "Everyone under 50, and a lot of people over 50 (who are growing younger while living longer), realizes that the web is the key to immediate information and wish fulfillment.  The number of people who use the Internet is staggering!"  These are the author's words, not mine.  I realize that being over 50 makes me a doddering old relic, but hopefully I am one of the over 50 types who is "growing younger while living longer."  The last time I looked in the mirror this wasn't happening, but maybe if I spend more time on the amazing Internet?Note from doddering old "over 50" person: I have news for you, I was using a computer in 1982---almost certainly when the author of this book was toddling around in diapers.  I was one of the first people to use the freakin' Internet for crissakes.Since the Internet "is the key to immediate information and wish fulfillment," my wish for a new Aston-Martin Vantage should be just be a mouse-click away.  Damn!  I just tried it and my 1999 Ford Explorer is still out in the driveway.  So much for immediate wish fulfillment.
One of my favourite books is Gedge's Twelfth Transforming, and I remember enjoying Child of the Morning from the school library.Stargate is nothing like either of those. It is written in very simplistic form, with little character development and an implausible story - there's no explaining why some of the characters are basically gods and others just rabble or why the gates between the worlds are there.Worst of all there's no delicious detail like the Twelfth Transforming - in fact Stargate appears to have been written by a totally different author.My advice is that if you like her Egypt books, don't get this one. My copy is going in the next charity shop run.
My mother always told me, "If you can't say something nice about someone don't say anything at all".  That saying holds very true for this book.  Though the author had good intentions in wanting to show people how they can change various aspects of their life he takes an almost monotone approach to trying to do so.  Many of the examples are dry and boring, and I had to struggle to make it through the first two chapters.It seemed as if the author just didn't know which way to go with the subject material.  It was very difficult to follow along and less then than halfway through the book I simply stopped reading.
It began promisingly enough. But I was left wondering what the story meant to achieve.Though intrigued by Ehrlich's battle to live normally and make sense of what had happened to her with the strike of lightning that put her life in jeopardy, I found this book increasingly mired in a wandering, vague search for a point.Not to say that I didn't learn a lot; but there was room for a whole heck of a lot more. And the reader gets a sense of profound isolation because Ehrlich provides very little in the way of any human subject but herself. Perhaps this was intentional, as she surely must've felt alone in her trials many times, but it was frustrating nonetheless.And, as with about any Gretel Ehrlich piece I've read, I found her preoccuption with sex to be overwhelming to the story at hand.  She is obsessed at times with the topic, and though it was essential to, say, Heart Mountain, I felt it was rather distracting in A Match to the Heart.(By the way, I gave this book to a friend of mine who studies lightning and appreciates a good read, and she, too, found it to be lacking.)
Boring, poorly written, boring, dated boring, and boring.Seller was good, but the book was awful and I had to toss it.
I really enjoyed Rimington's 1st two spy novels as engrossing and authentic, but this one was a dud.  Unclear plot line and character development and totally lacking in the suspense and drama from her previous work.  I plan on reading the rest of her thrillers, but this one was very disappointing.
I've been looking forward to reading this book for quite a while--partially because it has gotten such good reviews on Amazon, and partially because I like reading essays on biology. But now, after finishing it, I am both confused and disappointed.With most books, even if I don't like them, I can still understand and appreciate what the author was trying to achieve. Not with this. The only thing I can think of that could have motivated Lewis Thomas to write this book is sheer egoism--the desire to show off how clever he thinks he is. He's the kind of guy you wouldn't want to be seated next to at a dinner party. He would talk your ear off, and I bet he laughed at his own jokes too.(When I try to imagine Lewis Thomas, I picture a paunchy, white-haired fellow with a round, ruddy face. He is in his New England home, furnished with dark oak furniture, dressed in a scarlet robe, sipping coffee and typing his essays. Thomas types in spurts--banging out a few sentences and then pausing to look out his window at his well-kept yard. He always has smile on his face when he writes, and laughs under his breath every once in a while when he thinks he has been clever. And whenever he is particularly impressed with one of his own sentences, he calls his wife over, who is an expert in feigning enjoyment.)The best part of this book is the writing, but even here I think Thomas is irritating, vexing. He has the annoying habit of sticking in an extra tidbit after every sentence, like this. It is as if he always has something extra to say, an afterthought. After a while I just want him to shut up, be quiet. That he compared his style with Montaigne's is obnoxious, offensive. Montaigne's writing is free, easy; Thomas's style is mannered, affected.Even if Thomas could be excused for being a middling writer, it is hard to excuse his vapid ideas. The real, solid biological information contained in this book could be found in any intro-level biology textbook. But instead of actually explaining this information, Thomas just uses his educational background to pepper his essays with technical terms that a layreader will have to look up. He has no interest in educating the public in his field, but only wishes to be admired for his broad learning.When Thomas strays away from these basic biological facts (which is often), the quality gets even worse. I would be willing to bet that, if Thomas was only slightly less intelligent, he would have ended up being a conspiracy theorist, and might have been given a show on the History Channel chasing aliens. I say this because these essays are filled with pseudo-science. Thomas repeatedly says that the majority of life on Earth is symbiotic, and this is true. But he fails to mention that the majority of these symbiotic relationships are parasitic--which undermines his rosy-eyed portrait of life on this planet, if you ask me.Thomas seems to think that it is a biological mistake when a virus makes its host sick. I have no idea how a doctor could believe this. Most normal symptoms of sickness--sneezing, coughing, runny nose, diarrhea--are ideal ways for a virus to spread. He also includes an essay on ways to `train' our internal organs. What?! Was he high when he wrote this? What a minute. The more I think about it, the more it makes sense. Lewis Thomas was a stoner, which explains why many of these essays have intellectual sophistication comparable to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.Let me summarize one of his essays, "Living Language": "Dude, what if, instead of language being a tool for humans, humans were a tool for language. Like, language is totally alive, for real! Woahhhh!"In fact, let me summarize the whole book: "Dude, what if, like, the world, was really a cell. Like, wouldn't that be trippy? Woaahhhh!"Also, I'm perplexed by the number of people who find Thomas to be "thought provoking". I would say he is just about as thought provoking as a conversation with an intoxicated, college-aged biology major.To summarize, I am sincerely confused as to why people like this book. The writing is pompous, and the subject matter alternately frivolous, commonplace, or provably incorrect. Thomas might have made a good science fiction writer, but he is not a good science writer.
Running with the Horsemen does have its amusing moments.  But, for me this novel was way too graphic for little purpose that I could see.  And it seems to be endless.  The readers are subjected to bodily fluids of humans, mules and cows.  I found the language the Blacks spoke offensive.  I keep waiting for the novel to end.  The only reason I keep reading is because our book club chose it.
Kurlansky's book is interesting and easy-to-read (I think he has an excellent, very straight-forward, non-convoluted writing style).  However, his book contains a lot of errors.  For example: He has magnesium in light bulbs (it used to be in flash bulbs), and only nitrates in old-time gun powder (it also contained charcoal and usually sulphur).  It's disconcerting to not know what else to believe.  Also, I'm disapointed that none of the editorial reviews shown seem to address his errors.
Reading this book is like watching a blockbuster action movie. The story  has holes in it big enough for a knight in full armor to ride his horse  through, but the action is practically non-stop, swinging along from  beheading to explosion to joust to cliff-hanger.If you go for this kind  of thing, you'll find &quot;Timeline&quot; entertaining, but then you will  wonder why the heck you didn't wait for the movie, which is sure to come -  this novel was very clearly written with an eye on its future marketability  as a movie script, and little else.If, however, you expect more of a  novel than just that it is a precursor to yet another stale blockbuster,  don't bother to read &quot;Timeline&quot;.As in others of his recent  novels, Crichton makes heavy weather of his supposed familiarity with hip  new science concepts. The problem is that he isn't really familiar with the  basic science. Lots of obviously only half understood gee-whiz cutting-edge  physics terms are mentioned offhandely and are crucial to shore up the  totally implausible plot. The less he understands what this is all about,  the more nonchalantly he uses them. Obvious truisms from physics 101 are  listed in boring detail in the hope that this might impress the  science-illiterate reader into believing that he is in fact reading a  credible vision of the world to come.Something is very wrong with this  novel. It clearly is heavily action-based and in fact rather un-inventively  rehashes many sure-fire action scenes used ad nauseam in other films and  books. But for an action novel, why all the science, the sociology, and the  lengthy discussion of topics such as the paradoxes involved in time travel,  why the attempt to debunk commonly held opinions on medieval life?On the  other hand, if this is supposed to be a book that uses science fiction as a  real glimpse to the various consequences of the technologies involved, why  is all the science plain wrong? It never even becomes clear just what the  purpose of the whole exercise of time travel is. Concepts of life in the  middle ages are refuted with no proof being offered.Crichton should make  up his mind about what he wants to write: trash scifi action or serious  fictionalized science. Right now he is trying to ride both horses at the  same time, and failing.
I might as well start off with the obvious comparisons that have been made between this book and The Da Vinci Code/Umberto Eco.  Yes, there's a search for something long-lost, there are some puzzles to solve, and  there's a focus on lost artifacts/art.  But both Zane Grey and Hemingway have guns in their books and no one so far as I know has confused the two.  Just as no one should think Rule of Four is really all that similar to either Brown or Eco.  I'm not a fan myself of the Da Vinci Code.  I found the dialogue awful, the characterization weak, and much of the plot implausible.  Rule of Four has better dialogue, somewhat better characterization though not much, and suffers equally as much from implausibility.  It also suffers in comparison due to its much more cramped stage--basically the campus of Princeton.As far as the Eco comparison, I suppose one could say Rule of Four is Eco writ very small and shallow, at least in a superficial comparison with regard to plot/theme. Otherwise there really isn't much of a comparison.  It lacks the depth, the style, the wisdom (as opposed to knowing lots of facts) of Eco.How does it stand on its own?  Not so well.  As mentioned, the plot suffers from too many implausible actions, as well as from having at its core a manuscript which is too often used as a deus ex machina.  The authors can pull whatever they like out of it and do so with regularity.  The decoding of the book relies on such arcane material that the reader just has to accept at face value the periodic pronouncements--there is no involvement by the reader and no suspense as it's clear the characters will in fact solve (with implausible ease) the manuscript's riddles.A murder mystery rides alongside the mystery of the manuscript, but this too offers almost no suspense as the cast of characters who could be suspected is far too small, basically giving the reader a fifty-fifty chance from the very beginning of "deducing" the killer.  With several heavy lines pointing your way, it isn't too tough to figure out even before one of the suspects is killed off.  Seldom is revelation of the killer less of a surprise.So if the murder mystery isn't compelling, and the manuscript decoding isn't compelling, then what is?  Well, the writers try mightily to make Princeton ritual interesting, but it's a tough sell when your core elements are dining club rushes, nude olympics, and an inward-gazing costume ball.what one is left with is the coming-of-age story behind all the arcania and violence.  The problem is that it's the typical end-of-college, will-the-gang-all-stick -together we've seen done again and again, and often in better fashion.This isn't a horrible book by any stretch. The dialogue at least is for the most part realistic and the non-decoding sections flow pretty smoothly.  The language is solid and hits several high points here and there.  But in the end, it simply isn't a very interesting book.  I almost put it down in several places and my wife simply returned it halfway through when it came due at the library (never a good sign when due dates take precedence).
I love this series, but this one was not very good at all. The case was not very interesting. the book was very uneventful no twist and turns like a typical Patterson book. The personal relationships of the characters drug the story down. I was really really dissapointed with this book!
I appreciate the basic idea behind this book, but the main thrust of the text seems to be that Jon M. Huntsman and his company can do no wrong. It comes across as more of a PR puff piece than as an inspirational or informational guide for business and life.
I understand that All Quiet on the Western Front is a classic war novel, but this book is already overwrought with the same repeating message page after page. It literally runs for nearly 300 pages. Page one, the message is...war is bad. Page two, the message is...war is bad. Page three, the message is...war is bad. And so on to Page fifty-seven, the message is...war is bad. And so on and on and on. The subplots are tedious for me to care about it. I've seen plenty of anti-war movies; they are all the same to me. Then, I keep falling asleep after reading maybe five to ten pages. The book is that boring. It's just a diary of mundane things that Paul B&auml;umer goes through, and there are times that he gets to see one of his soldiers to get hit or killed in action. These events are very repetitive throughout the novel that I couldn't care less. Of course, there are little things that occur throughout the novel that are supposed to give a sublime message about how war is. Let's face facts: War is a very old story because it's been around for centuries. So, what's new? War is pointless. Yes, I know that already. And everybody knows that already. I am pretty sure people of early 20th century knew that too already. Nonetheless, All Quiet on the Western Front could have been better if it was 200 pages shorter and just got all the points out in a simple fashion without being too repetitive. If there is one good thing that came out of the book, it is the production of one of the greatest movies ever made, the 1930 Oscar Best Picture winner, a much, much better portrayal of how war is and how well done the message is delivered. All in all, All Quiet on the Western Front is an overrated classic.
Dahl has written some good stuff. But this was puerile. I can enjoy adult material. But this did not work for me.
This book is worth reading, but don't set your expectations too high. I wanted to like this book. The reviews and summaries were compelling - Greek students performing ancient rites, a secret society, a bit of mystery topped off with a murder. This was something I couldn't pass up.I really did want to like this book.The premise of this book held promise, and unlike other reviewers, I didn't think the beginning was too slow. I was willing to be patient, I was willing to allow Tartt the freedom to develop the characters and establish the scene. And from time to time, I was rewarded. There are some wonderfully written passages in this novel, and I did find a couple of the characters likable. Unfortunately, though, Tartt's flashes of brilliance were usually followed by stumbling blocks of cliches. One moment I would find myself awed by her words, the next moment would find me with my head dropped in disappointment wondering if she bothered to proofread her own work.I thought the main character was too passive a participant and not interesting at all. Yes, maybe that is who he was supposed to be, but I found myself not caring what happened to him. Usually a passive, unmotivated character kills a novel, and in this case, he nearly did. His actions became increasingly difficult to believe, especially during the winter break when he didn't have the common sense to leave the warehouse where he lived - a room with a hole in the roof that allowed snow to fall into drifts in his room. I can only imagine that Tartt was trying to be purposely cryptic and symbolic here, because for the life of me, I can figure out no other reason why the character would put up with this.Bunny (the victim as revealed on page one) was the most annoying character I've read in fiction in a while - I'm surprised he lasted as long as he did - which brings up another issue. I had a hard time believing that a person despised this much by everyone around him was allowed into the "circle." He freely spent their money, verbally abused them, and lived off their family in some cases, yet the group felt protective of him for no given reason. Tartt attempted to explain that there was some portion of Bunny's personality that people found mysteriously attractive, but instead of showing us that and allowing the reader to find that same aspect attractive, thereby allowing the reader to sympathize with the other characters' feelings, she merely told us this attractiveness existed.And while I've lived the college town life and can personally vouch for the experience of being treated differently than a local, Tartt seems to take it to the extreme here. She inconsistently paints this town, one moment it seems like 1950's America with all the typical attitudes, the next moment the town is modern with obvious references to recent lifestyles. I'm not sure if this was intentional, or something Tartt overlooked.I was disappointed in Tartt's succumbing to the temptation of making incest as the big secret between twin brother and sister. This is more of a clich&eacute; than I think most people realize. Brother and sister twins frequently have to field "jokes" from friends concerning their sexual habits, and for Tartt to include that was just another clich&eacute; to throw on the large pile she had already built.What I did enjoy about this novel was what it revealed about our mentors, heroes, and role-models - that they're human. And sometimes as we look up at them, we make them more than they really are. Then faced with a real-life crisis, we learn their faults at a time when we need them to be their strongest. Sometimes those role-models betray us. Unfortunately, this is only briefly revealed near the end of the novel and not fully developed.Overall, I would recommend reading this book, not because some claim it will one day be a classical, and not because it's a particularly compelling story, but because there are glimpses of what Tartt can become with more experience under her belt.
I have read all of his books some over and over again.  This is a travesty....Mr. Grisham Pleas...Please...we deserve better than this.  I am sorry to say I feel like I should get a refund.
If you see anyone reading this book - or perhaps, your manager has it on their bookshelf, you need to change jobs immediate.  The information presented is so jejune that if anyone actually reads this and thinks to themselves "hey, that's a good idea, why didn't I think of that?"  ...then they have no business managing anything.The information is presented clearly and in a straightforward and building-up fashion, so that's good; it's just that the information is all but useless to anyone that's above the 9th grade and/or has ever had a job in their life.Not recommended, unless you're writing a book comparing various books about management.
Here is a note I sent to the editor after buying the tradepaperback version.Your editorial staff has done something so dumb I am astounded! (Also really $%^& mad.)  The hardcover and trade paperback versions of CK Prahalad - The fortune at the bottom of the pyramid, are NOT the same. I assigned readings from this book to my class of 100 students. They went and bought the book and found that the case studies aren't there. On closer investigation I see that you shortened the case studies and renamed the chapters. Unfortunately the editing on the shortening is terrible and I simply can't ask my students to read such badly written material.You did several things wrong1) You sell two books with identical titles and covers, which have different content2) You edited very very badly3) You did this on an award winning book with high visibilityAs far as I can tell there is no way for anyone to figure out that the content is different except in the very rare case that they own both versions.This is a black mark on the Wharton name. What were you thinking?-james
Martin Amis has a exquist and unique writing stlye. In &#34; Money&#34; however, the threading gets lost along the way. It becomes difficult to follow the storyline: storyline which eventually vanishes midway through the book.
The idea behind the book is simple: test many different methods over the course of ~43 years.  Why do some work?  He doesn't explain.  No theory is presented, no ideas, strategies, or anything that might help a person.  In  general the book is one very big spread sheet that could have fit into a 5  page pamphlet.  If you want to look at lists and lists of data stating how  (for example) low P/E's performed over the years, then this is it.  If you  want to gain something from reading a book, then it's an expensive coaster.
So many bad Guys and so many plot lines - even an insane, homeless, Mathematician - and none of these have any real relationship to the others.  The coup de gras of Patterson's totally predictable and simplistic novel, is when the real "Evil Bad Guy", important enough to be the headliner in several prior Cross novels, is vanguished with a mere ...."  Well that would be telling!  However, if you want to kill some time and you don't expect much, Cross Fire should meet your requirements.One word to Mr, Patterson - "Give It A Rest" until you can come up with something original with some depth!  I know - After reading my comments, you're crying all the way to the bank.  Renee Wadler
It may be a great book, but the print is so small I can't read it. Even the power of a positive outlook can't make this print any bigger.  The Magic of Believing should be subtitled, Read The Fine Print.
As mentioned previously, there is no cohesion in this book. The author arranges her tale in chronological chapters, but there is no order within any individual chapter. For example, she examines things that happened in 1945 before mentioning events that took place in 1939. This would be forgivable if there were any sense of drama to the proceedings - but there is none. Just anecdote after anecdote strung together like birds on a wire.I hope it's this lackluster, anemic presentation that made me dislike Dorothy as the book ground on. Some attention is given to her politics, but much more of the book is focused on her love affairs, her dogs, her husbands, her inability to save money. She was a flawed woman, but the author presents her flaws without any attempt to get us to understand Parker.Overall, this book was about 100 pages too long, written in a competent but bland style that presents facts instead of personality. Strangely, the only time Meade dropped her even-handed, respectful tone was in talking about Lillian Hellman. She writes about the actress with barely concealed contempt, as if Hellman had personally injured her. Maybe Meade should have written Hellman's bio, instead... she'd probably have brought more passion to the table.
I purchased the ebook version of the book and I would not advised anyone to buy the ebook but the actual book. Here is why?After going through the hard copy of my classmates, they have a section that says ''HIGH YIELD IMAGES''. So hold on tight, when I went through mine which is the electronic version I was outrageously shocked that the link to the images is present so when I clicked on it absolutely ''NO HIGH YIELD IMAGES''. You think you get the ebook complete but no it comes with some great limitations. So if you think saving $ on the ebook you're wrong. That is the money making ID of the USMLE steps.
After reading several Louis L'Amor books, I thought such a renown author as Zane Grey would be terriffic but with this story I was greatly disappointed. Too wordy  natural discripstions for my taste.
Like many of the five star reviewers of this book I greatly enjoyed the book to near the end of Book 2 where the Peltier Trial was starting. Towards the end of the book Matthiessen dedicates a chapter to the mysterious "Mr. X" who claims he, not Peltier shot the FBI agents. According to AIM member Dino Butler, in an interview with Serle L. Chapman found in " We, The People of Earth and Elders Volume II" this was a lie. Go check the record yourself. In that book he states that this ruse was floated by Bob Robideau, the head of the Peltier Defense Fund. Dino Butler states that Mr. Robideau was going to have Dave Hill pose as Mr. X. Mr. Butler publicly stated at the time that this was a lie and continued to do so despite Mr. Matthiessen and Bob Redfords endorsement of this ruse.Matthiessen persistently mentions FBI involvement in Anna Mae Aquash's rape and murder. Go Google that name and look at Wikipedia. Three AIM members were convicted in her murder. One plead guilty to avoid trial. The other two were tried and convicted in a court of law. The order for these three to murder her go straight to the founding members of AIM according an affadavit by an AIM member. Google Robert Robideau ( Leonard Peltier's cousin) and read his statement on the Justice for Anna Mae and Ray web site. Until his break with Peltier in 2004 over the Arlo Looking Cloud conviction, he was the director of the Leonard Peltier Defense Fund. He states the same. Matthiessen does nothing but parrot AIM conspiracy theory after conspiracy theory of FBI involvement in her murder, when in fact the perpetrators knew all along how and why the murders were committed. AIM spokesman John Trudell testified that Dennis Banks told him Anna Mae had been found on February 26th, 1976. Peltier stated on the record that he heard she had died in December of 1975. However her body was not positively identified until 6 March 1976.Google Richard Two Elk and read his interview at Indian Country News and the Justice For Annie Mae and Ray (jfamr ) web site . He talks at great length of Anna Mae, Perry Ray Robinson, Jr. and " The Mannequin Man".Ray Robinson and "The Mannequin Man" were victims at Wounded Knee.  Ray Robinson was a civil rights worker who cam to Wounded Knee, was shot in the knees and left to bleed to death at the Wounded Knee Infirmary. His body has never been recovered.Perhaps even more heinously On Easter Sunday, April 22, 1973, a Caucasian Male , later dubbed the " Mannequin Man" was hung on a cross and beat to death at Wounded Knee. His body has never been recovered as well. Clyde Bellecourt stated that it was a Mannequin that was hung on the Cross, but that has been refuted by Richard Two Elk.There is no mention of AIM looting and burning the Wounded Knee Trading Post to the ground and ransacking it of all it's contents. Numerous homes were ransack there. A woman who one of the hostages at Wounded Knee was 12 at the time and alleges that she was raped by AIM members but the FBI couldn't press charges because of the lack of evidence after the 71 day standoff.Go look at the trial transcripts yourself. Leonard Peltier wasn't convicted of murder, He was convicted of aiding and abetting murder. It Only took a jury 6 hours to convict him after hearing all of the evidence. In a previous trial for those murders two AIM members walked free.Dennis Banks former wife testified that Peltier admitted to killing the FBI agents. Anna Mae stated that she was confronted and interrogated by Peltier about being an informant for the FBI ( she wasn't) and he held a gun to her head. Anna Mae Aquash was interrogated at the offices of Wounded Knee Defense/Offense Fund Lawyer Bruce Ellison ( who is Leonard Peltier's Lawyer as well). During the Grand Jury Inquiry into Anna Mae's murder and rape, Bruce Ellison pled the 5th Amendment against self incrimination.I'm sure we all feel bad about what has happened to Native Americans in the course of founding this country and Manifest Destiny. It was terrible. We can't change history. We can only take what we have and try to make this a better place.  But somehow thinking that overlooking or covering up AIM's involvement in murder, rape, looting and pillaging is okay as a pay back to the wrongs that were previously committed is also wrong. It was wrong in 1874 and it's wrong now.Go look at the record yourself. This book was a carefully planned piece of propaganda. Don't waste your time.
this diet is hard to follow.  it is really another fad diet.  lean protein, small portions are the gist plus suppliants and cranberry juice.  Not worth trying.
I don't like this book, but it isn't a terrible book, and I've read a lot of terrible books. In fact it's a good book, but that's it. It's good, it's ordinary. I've re-read Catcher three times now, I get it and what it try's to convey and all I have to say is, meh. For me there was nothing new, nothing exciting, and it certainly wasn't life changing.Is it really worth all the hype?
Although this is the revised edition, McClellan seems like he is in the wrong decade on much of his advice and ends up sensationalizing his underlying premise. Now I would agree, he is largely correct in his read of security analyst's and the institution environment... but he draws it out over far too many pages. Really this message would be better served in a 10 page article and not a book.I believe that a lot of the elements that made it into this updated edition end up up going beyond his comfort zone. I think a lot of readers will get bored. I think would be better served by other authors who take a more straightforward approach. A lot of the key points and takeaways are reiterated in these reviews... You loose out on some uninspiring stories half of which were from the times when he was on the other side of the fence.Also, as another reviewer pointed out some of his suggestions and comments are completely ridiculous: like avoiding NASDAQ stocks. This is like saying you should avoid TV's from non-American companies - outdated and biased.
This book was awful - I knew who the killer was by the time Igot through a quarter of the book.  It was choppy writing andelementary at best.  I couldn't concentrate on it because it was so boring and found myself wondering how many more pages were left until the torture would end.  Too bad someone didn't kill this BOOK off.  ew yuck, don't bother.And I'm actually a fan of MHC.
While John Steinbeck is a master of Literature, The Long Valley's stories are all dull and some don't even feel like stories, but just descriptions of things (the short story "Breakfast" was overly pointless). This collection starts off great, with a couple of wonderful stories, but the second half of the book (along with The Red Pony parts (another of John Steinbeck's drab writings)) is very bad and yawn-inducing.My favorite story was "The Flight", and that is the only reason I am rating this 2 stars instead of 1. "Johnny Bear" is also a good story in this collection, and a fairly humorous one as well.Check this out at the library for a couple of good stories, but do not purchase it as it would be a waste of money. If you want to read great works by Steinbeck, check out East Of Eden, The Grapes Of Wrath, and Of Mice And Men.
This could be an interesting book if you were locked in a cabin in a blizzard for a whole winter.  But the writer is so repetitive, having to tell the same point over and over (a sure sign of a writer who didn't say it right the first time), that although I have stuck it out half way through, I have given up!I can count the books on one hand that were so tedious that I didn't finish them.  Unfortunately, this is one of them.  Where were her editors?I cannot recommend this book for anything except having put a magnifying glass to detail, and then tilted the glass another way, and gave us the same details again, with a slightly different slant. The facts are interesting, unfortunately the writer is not.
I could not relate to the plot and characters. I was disappointed in how the story developed and ended. Sorry!
My 11 month old daughter loves these books and we've been ordering them steadily since she was 6 months old, with never a disappointment till this one.  The usual illustrator, Renee Graef did the cover art for this book, but for reasons unknown the pictures in the book were done by Doris Ettlinger and it would appear she had maybe a day to bang them out.  Whereas the other books' pictures are well-thought-out scenes with interesting perspectives and beautiful colors, the pictures in this book are incredibly boring.  Things -faces, Ma's skirt, the outside of the cabin- take up large portions of the page for no apparent artistic reason; if anything, it reminds me of someone trying to finish a long term paper in a hurry by using an extra large font.  Compared to the other books, it's just dull.
It was interesting for the time it was written, but difficult to read with allthe made up words and kind of depressing. I actually read it for book club and didn't finish it which unusual for me
Has a good overview of the science pertaining to crime scenes, university programs, and job availability within the career area.  Not what I thought it was which was a scientific approach to crime scene investigation.  I would buy it for an adolescent seeking information for a potential career. In fact, I am donating it to a high school library after I write this review.
This book is a travesty lacking original content and thought.  The fact that it is actually a bestseller makes me worry about the collective intelligence of Corporate America.  Save your money and buy something else!
This is a witless book and a waste of your money. How can an uneducated peasant end knowing how to write and teach others to speak correct Chinese. It boggles the mind at least did mine. Stupid premise and stupid book. BIG DON"T BUY.
Don't waste your time on this purchase.  You're better of with options playbook (beginner or pro) - http://www.amazon.com/The-Options-Playbook-Expanded-Edition/dp/0615308147/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1368627071&sr;=8-1&keywords;=options+playbook&tag;=r601000000-20The book doesn't go far enough and is not clear and concise for on the little it explains.
I have been eagerly awaiting the 'Hannibal' book and boy, was I disappointed!  It is not the face paced novel like, 'Red Dragon' and  'Silence of the Lambs'.  Instead, Mr Harris gives us a lesson in Italian  history and describes with great detail the places that Hannibal has  visited.  Clarice Starling also is in this novel, having fallen on hard  times, her rising star, now fallen.  Suspended from the FBI, she is not the  first on the scene when we find out who Lecter's identity is.  Also, the  main villian of this novel is not Lecter, but Mason Verger, a man who is  permanently disfigured by Lecter.  He now swears revenge on Hannibal, and  means to take it by training pigs to eat him from the feet up.  The ending  of the book is the most unbelievable with Clarice and Hannibal teaming up.  I was truly disappointed by the ending.  Don't waste your time, re-read  'Lambs' or 'Red Dragon'Thanks for reading!**Pandora
Maybe this book resonated with a few people in the 1950s, but there's absolutely nothing in it that resonates with me.  Besides being tedious to read, the caricaturing of Africans and women was beyond the pale.  It wasn't funny, informative, thought-provoking, or entertaining.  With all the great books available to read, don't waste your time on this one.
I read this late at night in hot weather, figuring the tales of jungles, dessicated plateaus, and humid cities would match my mood. It did, but failed to rouse my ennui. Gimlette in small parts writes superbly. The blurb notes that while this is his first book, he has penned travel journalism. The latter, I think, is probably better suited to his style, which over hundreds of pages shimmers but then sinks. He has to integrate four hundred years of Paraguayan history into his own accounts of his decades of visits, and the book's weight slumps.The best part, contrasting the Lengua natives and the German Mennonites on the Chaco, comes at the end; the previous 80% of the work spends far too long in Asuncion and whatever happens in the jungles gets bogged down in too many visits to ex-pats, too many boring meals at woebegone inns, and conversations that fail to interest anybody but the author himself.I liked what I learned about Eliza Lynch, who is also the subject of two recent novels, and the devestating wars, the stronero regime of Stroessner, and the sheer mess that passes for daily life in much of the nation all make for naturally stimulating reading. But too often Gimlette strives for a word that doesn't quite fit--his three adjectival uses of &quot;curly&quot; for example--as he strains towards a style that calls more attention to himself than his subject.
I read this for a book club where a number of the other members had described this as one of their absolute favorite books ever, so I had high hopes.  It became an arduous and unrewarding slog through pedantic, verbose descriptions of landscapes and characters.  I never figured out why I should care for even one second about any of the people in the story, so completely unsympathetic were they.  As a side note, I saw the movie after a friend said it was better than the book, but I found it equally uninteresting.
So, you want to know the Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs? Simple, really.First of all, you only give four presentations a year, at "Apple Events."You do this in a packed hall of Apple acolytes, and members of the world's press who will give you a standing ovation for just showing up after being sick. They will all hang on your every word.You hand out the design details to slide producing companies. Have someone else actually advance the slides.You try to give the impression that Apple is anything but a marketing company masquerading as a tech company.You have a bunch of monitors facing you across the front of the stage, so you can see both what's on screen and your notes, without looking away.You run the presentation as a sales pitch, with a minimum of detail.As CEO, you are acutely conscious of saying anything that could lead to class action suits.So, is this sounding like the presentations you give? Me neither, and basing this book on the way one famous individual presents is pointless. You might as well tell the Presentation Secrets of U.S. Presidents. What the famous have to look out for is something wildly different than your presentation of the Third Quarter Sales Figures for the North East Region.Much of the information here is superfluous. If you're trying to sell something with your presentation, it's fine. However, there's little real advice for any other kind of presentation. If you're a school student or a pastor, a trial lawyer or a company pension fund administrator, you have to work for your audience.So why two stars? That's because the book points out some ideas that are often overlooked. It makes sense to limit your "take-home messages" to three. Many presentations blind you with dozens of facts without telling you which are important.Another point is to control your presentation. Lead into and out of different ideas, and make it clear if the presentation suddenly takes a turn to become more technical. There are plenty of ways we do this in normal conversation, and you will help your audience considerably if you adopt this method and not the "Here are the facts, sort them out for yourself" approach.Unfortunately, this book ends with the most useless advice given to presenters - "Rehearse, rehearse, rehearse." That means you spend endless hours trying to remember the words, and the ideas gradually become meaningless. Then you have to go out trying to remember whether you were supposed to start with "I'm happy to be here today," or "It's good to see all of you here."Instead, rehearse the Ideas. When you know that you don't have to recall your words, you can get worked up - enthusiastic, even - in the presentation. How often have you seen people mumble their way nervously through presentations? They seem obsessed with the need to say all the right words in the right places.But equally, how many times have you seen authors advocate producing picture-perfect graphically designed slides? Worse still, they suggest that you limit yourself to a certain number of slides - like one size fits all? At the end of a presentation, by far the most important metric is how well your message was understood, not by how nice the slides looked or how funny your jokes were. Graphic design is nice, but it is a minor complement to the actual message.Presentations have many different audiences needing many different messages to be effective. Let Steve Jobs smarmily introduce his overpriced products in his way, and use the best way for yourself.And if you think that Steve Jobs is the master of conflicting messages, remember that this book calls him the Tiger Woods of business. Oops!EDIT - Here's an example of how NOT to do it.In the launch of the iPad, Steve Jobs showed a slide of how much the iPad will cost. It is a classic of non-presentation design in a presentation.You'll find this on Gizmodo's site. It shows a chart of six items (Three memory sizes, and with or without 3G).This has all gridlines in place. Hello, with only six items you rarely need gridlines, and just about no chart needs lines separating it from the exterior world. So why keep them?
I don't know about anyone else, but this book was the one that made me completely lose interest in this whole series.  This is the most boring one of them all in my opinion, and, well, how many times can the same story be told?  Bad guy wears horribly obvious costume to try to get children, children figure it out, but all the grown ups in the world are too horribly idiotic to see anything, even when it's pointed out to them.  6,000 times.
If you read the description on the back cover, you will get the idea that this is a taut thriller about a convicted murderer seeking revenge on those that put him away.  Doesn't that sound exciting?  Actually, it is anything but.  This is John Grisham's ode to life in a small southern town and his regret for what such towns have lost.  While the trial-related story starts off promisingly enough, the trial ends about a third of the way into the book, but the story just lumbers on without direction.  Through the eyes of his narrator, a young newspaper editor, Grisham takes the soapbox on issues such as desegregation and a not very veiled attack on Wal-Mart and its effect on small town America, revealing his liberal leanings.  The novel should more appropriately have been called &quot;Dinners with Miss Callie&quot; since much of the the book centers around his relationship with a middle-aged black woman from the &quot;wrong side of the tracks.&quot;  Pages and pages are dedicated simply to descriptions of the southern dishes she prepares.  If this is your cup of tea, then by all means, pick up a copy of the Last Juror.  But don't be fooled by the marketing campaign.
Hopeless book. Not sure how it became a bestseller. I bought it based on good reviews and it was compared to Dan Brown's work. I found it very dissapointing and not at all clinching.Its like a boring movie, that one sees anyways...just want it to finish as i cannot leave a book mid-way.
I thought it would give me greater insight to trading options.... it covered author's philosophies and left me reaching for more details....
Who Moved My Cheese? is a perennial favourite and oft-cited book dealing with change management and perception. Having just re-readThe One Minute Manager- written by the author Spencer Johnson and his co-writer Kenneth Blanchard who supplies a foreword here - picking up this book was of even more interest to me. This book is a short and an easy read given its many images, compact text and larger font.It is not difficult to understand the many scornful reviews of this book. Change is an important concept and a reality. The book makes valuable points regarding the notion and its inevitability. Much of the parable and its lessons, which are simply put, but are anything but, are true and the stuff that make or break companies and people. Having said that, the writer's simplification and quite one-sided take on the world of change is shocking and rather insolent.Yes, change might be (and is) everywhere, but it should not be a self-fulfilling prophecy and a crutch - or metaphor for - irrationally explaining away anything and everything. Companies/societies/families and their respective leaders/politicians/heads have responsibilities and one of those is guidance and disciplined change or, better yet, improvement and pertinence. It is a wonder that the metaphorical characters receive no guidance or signposts. It is as if the author is advocating a free for all laissez-faire regime where anything goes and no responsibility is expected of those whose positions, experience and remuneration is based on management and assistance. Worse, the non-thinking mice are lauded, while the analytical `little men' are derided. While not seeing or expecting change is indeed dire, and not reacting to it is worse, criticizing the thinking men is taking things one step too far. Spencer Johnson suggests Hem And Haw should think less and be more animalistic like Sniff and Scurry when in `The Maze.' It is odd and, to use hyperbole, reminiscent of the behaviour seen in fraud and failures like Global Crossing, Adelphia and Enron where everyone did as they were told and did not give it a single thought. After all, `change happens' these folk probably were thinking (or weren't). Even the markets know that too much change is bad as evidenced by corporations fleeing revolutions or stock markets plunging in the face of change for its own eternal sake.Let us be careful, Who Moved My Cheese? has a commonsensical idea and is correct in its insistence that people like their `cheese' and hold on more firmly the more of it they have. This indeed is a recipe for future failure. It is what we would call behaving like a fossil, but there is no guarantee a better cheese is available elsewhere, or contrary to what the book claims, something else will be discovered... just by virtue of a mindless search. It is offensive to say that employees, workers, citizens should not expect any "benefits" as per page thirty-eight. That is both contrary to logic and unfair to people who have built a society or made a company what it is. Without a carrot, no one will bite after all. What does make sense is page forty three's reminder that that one needs to stay sharp, adapt and not lose his or her edge. Doing the same thing over and over is indeed dangerous in most circumstances. What I certainly liked about the message was that one should not be afraid. What would one do if he were not afraid?Humans have learnt to analyze and hopefully re-analyze as a learnt behaviour that is conducive to survival. Most of our learned behaviour stems from millennia of adapting to conditions and the instinct to survive. Even mice do the same despite the author's metaphor to the contrary. It is only after such a process that one can approach change. And one option might be to not go on a search when no supporting evidence exists that setting out would be desultory, contrary to rational thought or the opposite of the lessons of experience. "Movement in a new direction" might fulfil the promise of new cheese or might lead to a drop off the cliff.Not to belabour the point, but having read the book one remains unconvinced of the absolute supremacy of one option over the other. Remaining static, stationary and unimproved is not fruitful. Making changes for the sake of changing and doing so out of habit or as a way of hiding the actual reasons behind an occurrence is also disingenuous. Change is a fact, will happen and can, and often is, for the better, yet promoting it for its own sake or as a pretext is dishonest and that is where Who Moved My Cheese goes too far.
I suspect much of this was for peoplr already running businesses. Much of  it is already in the news if you keep up with business magazines and CNBC.
The judge dies and his son finds the body ( or so it appears):he is the executor of the will. Then he find 27 boxes of cash,each with over $100000 in them... Someone else who isn't friendly starts following him around as he uses garbage bags to transport the money.He isn't going to declare it in the estate because with that much money the governments gets most of it. He spends most of the book tracking down where his Dad got all that money while his brother goes into rehab for thenth time. When someone burns up the airplane he has just bought with partners, the chase becomes serious. For me this law professor is pretty stupid ( he should open a Swiss account or an offshore back account or at least a set of safe deposit boxes) in letting the thugs bully him.The twist at the end is interesting but not too earth shaking...This book is really not John Grisham's best work.
The theory in this book is sound, seems logical, and seems legit, until you actually apply it in real life.  I've had nothing but DISASTROUS results using Mike Mentzer's suggested routines/workouts.  Flat out, 100% disastrous results.I can tell you right now why my results have been disastrous: TOO MUCH TIME AWAY FROM THE GYM.  He recommends way too infrequent training to have any sort of success with a person who has my body type and metabolism.  I firmly believe that a person who has a naturally stocky, heavy-set kind of frame THRIVES off this type of program.  But for me, I got smaller, as if I wasn't even working out in the first place.I gave Mentzer routines 3 trial runs over a 10 year period.  Each and every time, I lost anywhere from 5-15 lbs of muscle, and had my strength absolutely plummet.  Now, some may contend that I wasn't working out as hard as I should have been.  Balderdash!!  I have been an advocate of HIT training for years, and have had TREMENDOUS success with it, using other routines.  But when I cut it down like Mentzer recommends, I shrink QUICKLY.For me, a program like Ellington Darden's latest HIT book works well for me.  A 3x a week HIT routine, or perhaps Don Lemmon's "Know How" program, which is a 5x every 2 week full body routine.  Those work for me -- Mentzer's don't.I totally believe in the theory behind HIT, but his crippling fear of overtraining isn't suitable for some individuals.
I'm a huge Outlander fan. I devoured the first 3 books and re-read them countless times. Even bought the Companion. The 4th book was ok-ish but not great. I bought The Fiery Cross the first day it came out in hard-back. I couldn't get past the first 100 pages before putting it down for awhile. Then I would pick it up and had to re-read the first 100 pages again because I couldn't remember what it was about. I did this same thing over and over for about 5 times. Still couldn't finish it for YEARS. I got married. My husband is a very talented reader (reading aloud) and he often reads aloud to me in bed or during long car trips. It is only due to my husband's reading that we got through TFC, years after I had bought it. I agree with many reviewers. The story is simply boring. There's not much of a plot. I miss hearing about Scotland or other exotic settings. I don't care much for American history. I don't care much for Briana. I am not able to relate to her or care about her -- I wouldn't miss her if she got sent back to modern day and I never hear about her again.  It's sad how Roger is mistreated. I found myself rolling  my eyes every time I hear about Jamie's multi-color red hair, how tall Briana is, how like her father she is, and it goes on and on and on. I want Diana to move back to telling the story only through Claire's eyes. I no longer held Jamie on the pedestal like I did in the first 3 books. The first 3 books he could do no wrong.  A bunch of things he did really annoyed me in TFC. Jamie and Claire's passion was gone in my eyes. It saddened me how little I cared about them in this book.I am hoping the next book (which my husband just started reading to me now) will be a lot better. If not, Outlander will end for me at that point.
The writer has an interesting idea and I think it would work just fine. Her food choices are not up to my standards, though. She lists some pretty crappy food and I'm also not into snacking. I guess I was looking for some menu planning with whole (unprocessed) foods. It's worth the read but I would never practice her food choices.
Alas, I read the 52 or so pages of the excerpt with breathless excitement.  However, after buying the book, it began to be a real slog to read it, mainly because of all of the irrelevant "autistic atmosphere" that the author felt compelled to continue to blast out in giant clouds throughout the entire store.  I eventually realized that there was no story, and was a little sorry to see a book that started so promisingly spend its last fifty pages just choking out in the sand, like a river never reaching the sea.
It's not worth reading.  I didn't get past the first page and wold not recommend it to anyone for any reason.
This book takes stretching to the metaphysical level of-in my view- baloney.Sexual powerhouse? Really....? Be a business dynamo? Commanding presence? Fix depression. On and on.But we all know that stretching muscles is a good thing and when done a particular way is better than another.That's about it.Any modern physical therapist will give you a handout after a visit and those are free.A good stretch and getting some decent air in your lungs is never a bad thing.End of story.
This collection is slightly better than its similarly titled predecessor, _The Man Upstairs_; the proper reading order for Wodehouse completists would put this one just after that one, since it contains stories written well before the book publication date.  It might also make sense to read the Reggie Pepper stories added to the American version, published in the British version of _My Man Jeeves_, originally published 1911 and after.The stories are mostly more of Wodehouse's early crude ridicule of the lower classes, with some notable exceptions.  The very first Bertie Wooster story "Extricating Young Gussie" is worth reading, though Jeeves is barely mentioned.  "At Geisenheimer's" is remarkably dark and mature; I think Wodehouse was subtly deconstructing his early coincidence-driven plotting--the plot is not as preposterous as it first appears.  The rest are mostly unreadable, with "The Mixer: He Meets a Shy Gentleman" notable only for Wodehouse's third (by my count) instance of getting humor from the killing of a dog.
(Legal "thriller") A lawyer is taken hostage by a homeless guy and is inspired to start working with the homeless. He discovers dirt behind the hostage situation. Not the most thrilling thriller. Fine but pretty straightforward. Seems to be trying to teach people about homelessness.Potentially offensive material: Some language, some violence
This book started out as an interesting study in two very different person's obsessions. It opened up a lot of threads that basically did not sew up to much. Each of the story lines just fades. I felt like the writer just got lazy. The couple of plot twists at the end are plain annoying as most of the characters also turn out to be. I picked up this book because I'd not read a Ruth Rendell and the cover reviews were excellent. I'll not pick up another.
Do not read this book to your child unless you want your child to think you are a witch for working. The male author's assumption is that women are fully responsible for parenting. And, if the mother enjoys a work, she is even a worse mom! How did this ever get published?
**SOME SPOILERS**This book did not  fulfill my expectations, especially with all the critical acclaim it has received. I don't feel the love between Henry and Clare and I got a bit tired of how the author felt the need to describe every minority in the book with stereotypes. I also didn't like the sexual encounter of 18 year Clare with a much older Henry. I was hoping she would also shed more light on Henry's phenomenon.  I am well aware that I am in the minority given all the wonderful reviews people have given this book, but I would truly be lying if I said it was a pleasure reading it.
I read this book because it was compared to the DaVinci Code.  Sorry, very far from it.  They are alike only because both are about hidden codes in old books--that's as far as the comparison can be made.  From the beginning I found it just rambled on with pointless dialogue.  Character development was sketchy and at times confusing. Although, it was branded as a mystery novel, The Rule of Four read more like a tour of the grounds and traditions of Princeton.  I just finished reading it because I paid for it and hoped it would get better... which it didn't.
There is a rule of thumb that no novel should have more than one significant coincidence, and it's a shame Kathy Reichs never heard of that principle. In this novel, the protagonist just happens to be personally  affected by seemingly unrelated events in South Carolina, North Carolina,  Texas, and Quebec, and it just so happens that each of these subplots tie  in to each other culminating in the grand climax. After the first couple  chapters, it was painfully obvious how the author had structured the plot.  In any mystery where the protagonist is not a law enforcement officer,  there is dilemma in plot construction of how the protagonist gets his or  her information. It is at this point that Reichs has dropped the ball:  Coincidences spanning three states and one Canadian province are not a  solid foundation for a compelling novel.Reich's previous novel had  appeal because of the Montreal setting, and because the specialty of  'forensic anthropologist' provides an interesting vehicle for a murder  mystery. Those types of 'hooks' may succeed with a writer's first novel,  but are not enough to sustain a second novel, especially when compounded by  such difficulties of plot construction.
Did he need a seasonal seller?This is not the John Grishem I read....Very scripted. Very predictable. Not a keeper.I feel like my time was wasted....
I got it to pass the time. I think I got it for free so it was no skin off my back.
As a rule I only review things I like. Making stuff (books, music, films) is hard work and taste is subjective so I see little point in shooting things down - but I am making an exception for this for the simple reason that I think it has been 'mis-sold': 'the finest, and funniest, comic novel of the twentieth century'? Pull the other one, as we say in Blighty!Since 'Lucky Jim' was reprinted in the UK, too, as a comic classic I persevered and read the whole darned thing. I found myself chuckling about five or six times. That was it. The novel is not just dated and misogynistic, it displays all the emotional sophistication you might expect from an English public school boy of the era, complete with that cringingly British awkwardness about sex and, well, you know, women . . .Jim's terror and incomprehension of 'the fairer sex' is on a par with Bertie Wooster's and the novel parades a cast of female characters familiar from the pages of PG Woodhouse: 'hysterics', schemers, bohemians and formidable harridans. But 'Lucky Jim' has none of the charm or self-parody of Woodhouse' creation, because Amis seems to have laboured under the delusion that he had something of interest to say about love, marriage, relationships.Jim's epiphany about women, for example, is this: 'It was all very bad luck on Margaret, and probably derived, as he'd thought before, from the anterior bad luck of being sexually unattractive. Christine's more normal character no doubt resulted, in part at any rate, from having been lucky with her face and her figure.'Literature is full of male authors who have written complex, convincing, beautiful, funny portraits of women and their relationships with men - Thomas Hardy, Dostoevsky and Tolstoy to name some earlier examples. Amis' puerile understanding of human relationships cannot be excused by the era he lived in - it is simply the result of a failure of imagination.'Lucky Jim' is a faintly embarrassing curio of the 1950s, rather like the dreadful British 'carry on' films or adverts for laundry soap - a classic of modern literature it is not.
Eh.I really hate it when I get excited over a book and then it bores me senseless.  That's what this one did.  Bummer.Usually, when I write a review, I say something along the lines of "it was well written but.." and usually, what I mean by that is "I didn't really like it much, but I understand what the author was trying to do.." or something to that affect.In the case of this book, I understand that the author was writing a fictional work about the Impressionist painter, Mary Cassatt.  Now, either Mary Cassatt was the most boring person in the history of existance or this author just doesn't posess the knack for storytelling.To me, the book was not only boring, but unfocused and abrupt.  It details the process of five paintings; and devles into the relationship between Mary and her model; her sister Lydia, who is very ill and dying.  While the book does touch upon their relationship, it doesn't go deep enough..there are other characters that are introduced who soon disappear leaving the reader wondering "so who is this?  how do they know him?  oh wait, it doesn't matter, because now he's gone from the story."  A total feeling of dissatisfaction.Generally, I like the historical art fiction novels.  Not so much this one.  I've said it before, but if you're looking for something in this genre, pick up something by Tracy Chevalier or Susan Vreeland..they're wonderful.
This is a book about Evil. Not just common everyday human evil where people do nasty things to each other, but actual capital-E Evil, demonic Evil that derives from the Lord of Lies, Satan himself. Not only does Peck believe in Satan but apparently Satan himself makes an appearance in this book, in one of the two exorcisms Peck attended (but doesn't really describe in detail in this book).Even if you can agree with the basic premise that Peck has identified a unique type of pathology... And even if you can agree with the premise that this unique type of pathology needs to be identified (since naming things give us power over them, as he points out in the book)... It still makes a huge difference WHAT we decide to name it. And by bringing in the idea of Evil (and he definitely DOES mean "capital-E" Evil) he puts himself on some seriously shaky ground.The idea of "Evil" is not innate to reality or to human nature but developed over a historical period of time, under specific religious and POLITICAL circumstances. In the ancient world with its plurality of gods the idea of "absolute" Evil as we know it today did not exist. The plurality of gods was recognized by all. Even though each person was likely to favor one god or goddess over the others the basic right of each person to choose their own god was not questioned because people were actually afraid of offending the gods. This all ended with the arrival of the historical monotheisms, which used the excuse of their supposed moral superiority to institute a reductionist and draconian system of thought control. If you do much reading in the actual history (as opposed to, say, Christian apologetics) it becomes clear that the monotheistic "faiths" were really much more about the consolidation of political power rather than the teachings of some supposedly supernatural characters. Monotheism was a new thing in the world which said, basically, be on our side because we are Good, and those other people over there are Evil. The rise of the monotheistic "faiths" was inextricable from, basically identical to, the process of the DEMONIZATION OF THE OTHER. A handy thing about this new idea of absolute Evil was that it allowed you to slaughter your opponents with absolutely no compunction, no hint of compassion or any sense of playing by a set of shared rules. After all there was no point even trying to reason with someone who was controlled by Satan, was there? Much more convenient, in fact righteous, to just slaughter them all. (For good discussion of this see Elaine Pagels'The Origin of Satan: How Christians Demonized Jews, Pagans, and Heretics. You might also want to check out Jeffrey Burton Russell's excellent series on the Evil One which starts withSatan: The Early Christian Tradition.)Thus the concept of Satan was born, allowing the people on the positive end of the equation- the "Good" ones- to consolidate masses of power and wealth on a scale undreamed of in the ancient world. The Roman Empire became the Catholic Church which kept coming up with new ways to step up the game. When they ran out of external enemies to designate Evil - once they'd killed all the Jews they could find and the Crusades had run out of steam - they turned their full attention to their own subjects with the Inquisition and Witch Hunts which were basically well-oiled machines of horror and death which "harvested" hundreds of thousands of their own people so the Church could take their money and property. Thus we see that the concept of "Evil" has IN ITSELF inflicted massive evil upon the world - and was instrumental in the reduction of the rich variety of the ancient world to the dark, depleted, demon-haunted wasteland we now inhabit.This is the historical continuum Peck aligns himself with in invoking the idea of "Evil." And it is the same sort of Evil he's talking about, make no mistake. One of the main characteristic of the pathology he wishes to identify is its apparent total resistance to change. His descriptions of his attempts to treat "Evil" patients all basically end up conveying the message that it seems to be pretty much hopeless. Despite various attempted hedges the underlying message does not fail to get across. Once people are Evil, they are just Evil for good, apparently. Not that we shouldn't keep trying to help them! How can we help these poor, Evil people? Peck goes so far as to suggest at one point in the last chapter that we might have special centers where they could be relocated and given special counselling to help them overcome their Evil. What a good idea! We could call them... Goodness Camps! No one could possibly object to Goodness Camps could they? Unless they were... Evil?Peck has put himself on some seriously shaky ground here. His books are an entertaining read, but if he had been my psychotherapist, I would've fired him.
&quot;He returned to Ford County, and the retribution began.&quot;  Kudos to the person who wrote this line; you certainly know how to sell a book.  You sold one to me, and I haven't bought a Grisham book in years. I thought I was in for a tightly-wound tale of suspense and intensity as a released killer wreaked vengeance on an entire jury, that it would come down to the last juror, and that he or she, along with the usual assortment of beer-drinking, barbeque loving, eccentric friends almost every Grisham main character has in tow, would triumph in a spectacular, bang-up conclusion.  Not so.What I did get was Grisham's very accurate descriptions of small-town southern life.  The town of Clanton is the true main character in this book, and it was an interesting enough character to keep me happy and reading. Also interesting is following Willie around as he tries to develop his paper into a publication people have to have. As usual, Grisham shows us that the path to success is certain to have its share of days when you feel like a loser or a fool.However, many things about the book bothered me. I realized early on who the real person to watch out for was; Grisham made it obvious. It left me wondering about Grisham's assessment of his readers' IQ.  Another troubling aspect of the book was how certain events were described after the fact and with only a few sentences.  It felt like he was a tour guide in a museum, running behind schedule, hurrying you through the exhibits with the condensed version of facts.  Often times there was too much information given about things that didn't really matter and not enough about things that did.  People appeared and disappeared with seemingly no other purpose than to pad a few paragraphs or pages. To be fair, in life we come into contact with lots of people each day who take up our time but will have little to do with the outcome of our personal stories.  But in a book, if you take up lots of print, you better be about something important!To conclude, if you are a Grisham fan no matter what, read the book.  You will enjoy it and think I don't know jack, giving it only 2 stars. There are some suprises and plenty of nice moments, the kind that make you think John Grisham would be a good guy to sit on the front porch with and wax poetic about life, spurred on by cold beer and a comfortable rocking chair.
Story line moves so slowly you'd think that the author was trying to stretch a 300 page book to 500 pages.  Way too many different people in the story line, you actually forget who some of them were or what their involvement in the story was.
Let me begin by saying that I'm no fan of the late J. Edgar Hoover. His refusal for many years to investigate both organized crime and civil rights violations amounted to pure dereliction of duty and his persecution of anyone whose political views differed from his own was tyrannical and downright un-American (a label that would have shocked Hoover). Still, I'll even give the devil his due and it must be admitted, as more balanced biographies, such as Gentry's and Powers', have observed, that Hoover did largely create the FBI, one of the greatest law enforcement agencies in the world, and also did much to professionalize law enforcement and bring it into the 20th Century. That's not the problem I have with this book. It's a cheap shot, designed mainly to prove that Hoover was a closet homosexual and transvestite being blackmailed into submission by the Mob. This may or may not be the case--I've long suspected Hoover was a fag but in the absence of proof have always been inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt--but Summers' "evidence," consisting mostly of gossip and hearsay, is unconvincing. It's also difficult to believe that Hoover, whatever his vices or other faults, could have been stupid enough to place himself in a compromising position. Summers' sources speak of photos showing Hoover and Clyde Tolson engaged in homosexual acts but no such pictures have ever turned up. The whole theory is spurious. If the Mob was blackmailing Hoover into submission, then how did the Kennedys force Hoover to finally move against organized crime in the early '60's? Moreover, while even the FBI admits that the momentum of its anti-Mob drive slowed down after JFK's assassination, it never really ended either. The writing style is unimpressive (especially the author's childish and annoying attempt to personalize the Director by referring to him throughout as "Edgar"), the source notes are inadequate, and the whole product leaves much to be desired. As to the quality of the alleged research, any author who takes Jay Robert Nash's silly and long disproven theory of Dillinger's survival seriously can't really be said to have done his homework. This is shoddy journalism at its absolute worst.
As a loyal Catholic, what really bothers me is that this book is much more about George Weigel and his pet opinions than about Benedict XVI or the modern Church. He cannot pass up an opportunity to snark at people whose theology or politics offend him. What is especially amusing is that he is guilty of the very things he is most acerbic about! For example, he complains at length about priests who do not ascribe 100% to the teachings of the Church, whether those teachings have been declared infallible or not. Yet he himself is very critical of the Church's decision not to back the Iraq war, a position that actually makes complete sense in the context of our beliefs concerning the sanctity of life. The Catholic Church has very clear-cut criteria concerning what constitutes a just war, and the Iraq War does NOT meet them. Yet Weigel implies that Pope John Paul was somehow duped by unnamed Europeans into opposing the will of George Bush. In other words, John Paul II (and now Benedict XVI) would certainly have been pro-war if only they had not been at the mercy of a bunch of leftist radical European advisers, according to Weigel. This is pure Americentric arrogance at its worst. It also discounts the intelligence and wisdom of these two great theological thinkers in a most embarrassing (for Weigel) way. Weigel compounds the mess by offering his suggestions to the Pope on how to run the church. Good grief.If you are interested in reading about Pope Benedict's ideas, read his own words. Upon analysis, it is clear this book is more about American politics (specifically, George Weigel's politics-soaked brand of American Catholicism) than about the Catholic Church. Look elsewhere for good information about the global Church today.
This book is roughly divided in two parts: the first (chapters 1 and 2) calls our attention to the importance of choosing the right verbs, the right words, the right posture and the right mindset BEFORE giving a speech or presentation. And it is the best part of the book. The second part is a list of the actual power verbs to be used.In my point of view, that list is short and the choice of verbs is left unexplained. Why are the verbs "mollycoddle" or "obnubilate" power verbs? Many of the verbs here are completely unknown. What's the power in a verb few people know what it means? There must be some explanation about why a certain verb is a power verb. But this book does not give it. In many cases, all we get is the verb, its meaning and one or two phrases where it is used.I was expecting something like: "Titivate" - this is a power verb because...... it has this meaning...... and you can use it like this...... and take more advantage of it like this.....But no.So from page 21 onwards I found this book a major disappointment.
The book itself is really simplistic and not particularly interesting. In fact, I was quite bored for about 1/2 of it. However, when Haw finally starts to take action, some of his insights are fairly inspiring. There's really nothing new here, and certainly not all change is good, so don't take the message TOO seriously. It's not ALL attitude, but much of it is. For example, sometimes life just throws stuff at you; when that happens, your attitude does make a difference. The best parts simply encourage you to face your fears and find the good stuff, the silver linings. Make lemonade, to use another cliche.You can easily skip the discussion at the end, and probably the intro as well. Don't expect anything earth-shattering. It's a pep talk, no more, no less. But it can certainly come in handy for that. Best use: Take the best thoughts/quotes, print them out on your computer, and put them up where they'll inspire.
Be it Patterson, the publisher or Amazon, I refused to purchase this book at the price they were asking.  Thank you for reminding me of a free way to read -- the public library.The book:  what a let down.  Two killers and Kyle Craig should have added up to an incredible book, but it was no where close.  Without spoiling it for everyone, the first killer's end was a dud; the main killers motivation was totally left unresolved (leaving it open to be resolved in a later book when a possible ending can be crafted); and, Kyle's story was a total waste of time.Every year when Patterson comes out with a new Alex Cross book his commercial says basically, "Read it, or I'll kill off Cross."  How about a challenge from your readers, Mr. Patterson:  write us a good book (without the help of your countless writing drones) with a compelling story.  Your readers deserve it.
(Warning this review has spoilers so if you haven't read this 80 year old novel yet but were just about to, stop preading)I downloaded this because my wife and I are going to see the play next month and I don't think I had to read it in high school. (Turns out I didn't because it was all new to me.)It's probably sacrilege to say this about an &#34;American Classic&#34; but I didn't love it. I didn't even really like it. I mean it was very predictable and not particularly well written (I loved Grapes of Wrath by the way so it's not like I can't handle Steinbeck's style). The scene when Lennie and Curley fight Steinbeck wrote a few times that Curley &#34;slashed&#34; Lennie. I had to reread it a few times because he never mentions Curley having a knife. Is he slashing with his fist?  WTF?  And in the end when George has to kill him, I don't know, it just didn't ring true to me. The whole thing was tragic but it seemed like it was tragic just for tragedies sake. I mean I know this was in the depression but still, why so depressing? (joke)Anyway I'm looking forward to the play and seeing this come to life. Maybe then the underlying theme of friendship will come to life for me,  I just always thought a good friend was one that helped you dig the hole, not put you in it.Btw I hated The Catcher In The Rye too. So sue me.
I was curious as to why Mr. Fabian ended his backtesting in the late 90's a couple years before the book was published. Being a computer programmer I then ran the backtest for those years  against the S&amp;P500 index. Results: Portfolio Disaster.  Any money you would have made in the up market you would have lost in the Bear.  In short, it appears that his system is deeply flawed. He doesn't show those poor results and to me that is very serious. He claims to move money around to various mutual funds to improve his personal results but obviously you and I can't test that and I doubt it works. Use at your own risk.
I like to read classics that I have never read before. This one looked interesting and heard lots about it over the years for it. Not sure why it is a classic.  I agree with other reviewers that maybe this had more meaning when it was first published. The constant swearing and repetitive dialogue was beyond irritating. A quarter of the way through the book I disliked the Holden so much I was hoping for a suicide, but unfortunately, he continued on and on and on. Not all books are considered timeless.
I bought several books like this one from various authors (for a research project). This one was absolutely, positively the worst of them all. Reeking of new agey, self-helpish language I could barely get through 2 chapters. I skimmed the other chapters, reading random sections and found that it did not improve in either intelligence or originality.Additionally, the books "ideas" ranged from over the top self focus to unbelievably basic common sense. The only ones who would benefit from this are those already prone to over the top self focus and those who have been living under a rock their whole lives. The rest  of the book is a clear indication of why dating is what it is and why relationships are what they have become. This book is insulting to intelligence everywhere (including men) and its RAH-RAH "me" focus makes it annoying to boot. To that end, I think I'll use it for kindling come winter time.
I have read more than half of the books on David Pringle's list of the best 100 fantasy books (after working through most of his SciFi list).  His suggestions include classics and hidden gems and, unfortunately, a few clunkers.  Hawksmoor is one of the latter.Slow but evocative, the book moves back and forth from a time when cathedrals are being built by an architect possessed by an evil force to more contemporary times, where we see the shadow of that force's effect.It is a good concept and well written but very slow going.  It can be difficult to build a reader relationship with characters when the scene keeps shifting and Ackroyd fails to surmount that challenge here.This is not a terrible book but it is ponderous without being either enlightening or entertaining.  There are better books of fantasy and historical fiction to read.  If you are not possessed of unlimited reading time, I might give this one a miss.
Started out interesting and kept my attention but then got really long and tedious. About mid-way the book lost my interest and got really, really boring!
Like many others who have written here, I absolutely loved the previous installments of the Outlander series.  To my dismay, I could not finish this one, after having devoured the others.  As others haver already articulated what is wrong with this book, I add my voice in the hope that the author monitors these reviews and will give us another great Jamie and Clair story next time. (And please send Roger and Brianna back!  The back and forth between modern times and the past, and the linking of characters in the present to those in the past were some of the most enjoyable parts of the other books.)
In a word, yuck.Kudos to Jodie Foster for turning down this movie. What a disappointment! First off, this book was so boring that it took me months to read. I kept putting it down in disgust, leaving it for weeks, then picking it up again saying "It's gotta get better. It's just gotta!" It never, never did. I enjoyed the beginning of Clarice's story. But almost everything about Hannibal's personal life was pseudo-psychological claptrap. The best villains aren't crazy, at least not in the classic sense. The beauty of Hannibal Lecter was that he was a monster despite being quite, quite sane. He made a choice to be a predator, and had his own twisted ethical code stemming from his sincere belief that he was a step above ordinary mortals. When you start trying to explain why Hannibal became a monster, he loses his sinister quality. He becomes pathetic, rather than apathetic. Red Dragon was a wounded animal, striking back at women. Jame Gumb was a twisted loser full of self-loathing. Hannibal was a stone-cold killer--brilliant, unrepentant, and supremely self-possessed. Not anymore.Oh, and did I mention that the end sucked? I loved the way the other books were almost relentlessly realistic, and how the characters remained true to themselves, flaws and all. Not anymore. Now Clarice is a dumb animal, too.I'd return this book and demand my money back, if, after all this time, I could remember where I bought it.
This is a well written book featuring an unsympathetic main character who is difficult to identify with. It portrays the suburban angst of the 1950s. This shtick has been done about 10,000 times since then, and I personally am sick to death of it.
Sid Geeder is a &quot;bombardier&quot;, an investment banker who spends every waking moment working for the Atlantic Pacific Corporation. When he's not working, he's thinking about work. Stressed beyond his limits, the only thing that keeps him going is knowing that he only has nine months before he can cash in his stock options, and retire at the age of thirty-four.But Sid isn't the only trader with problems. Eggs Igino is the newcomer to the team, and he worships Sid as a mentor. As he tries to get the hang of life on the trading floor, Eggs finds he may be in over his head. Gorgeous Lisa Lisa may be a good trader in her own right, but she constantly encounters difficulties as she tries to make it in a man's world while hoping to find true love. And when Coyote Jack suddenly becomes unable to pronounce a single number without stuttering,  he finds himself managing this team of money-hungry, dysfunctional employees.BOMBARDIERS moves at lightning speed, but despite the fast pace of the novel, the story falls flat. Perhaps it's because the characters don't seem real enough. They don't evolve, change, or grow over the course of the novel. Or perhaps the fault lies in the overuse of investment jargon and the utter focus on the life of a day-trader, all of which loses steam after the first hundred pages.Po Bronson drew on his own experience as a day trader to write this book, and it shows. His knowledge of the business is unquestionable, but BOMBARDIERS would have been a much more engaging book had he limited the number of essays on bond sales, and focused more on plot and characterization. Sudden and frequent point of view changes also left me dazed, and I often had to backtrack and re-read entire paragraphs to figure out what was happening.A fragmented, uneven look at the world of investment banking, BOMBARDIERS falls short of an intriguing read.
Perhaps the author was looking to make this book accessible to everyone and therefore sort of 'dumbed' it down a bit.  The writing ends up being very repetitive and only seems to address the same basic issues and does not delve particularly deep into the various subjects.  I picked this up thinking it would have more of a tie-in with history and be more history based but it often just scratches the surface.  As an introduction to germs and genes, this book does an all right job; as a historical retrospective, not so great.  For someone developing an interest in biology and microbiology this could be an interesting read.
The English lingo was hard to understand at times. The author's conception of older people was way off. Pictures of them when they were young can still resemble them as they age. I would have liked to be warned about the enormous amount of adultery and found it disgusting. The ending was not a big surprise and very just. Also, people in this day and age are not ancient when they are in their seventies.
This book leaves much to be desired. It was very dry and I did not into get it. I really expected alot more from this short book but was very dissapointed. I must admit that I simply read it only because it was a Steinbeck. I would pass on it and read one of his other works.
It is more of a history of the characters than the history of RSA or cryptography. I would recommend Simon Singh's The Code Book for anyone wanting to learn about the history of cryptography. In just one chapter of the Code Book, Simon Singh puts in more unbiased and detailed information in an infinitely more interesting and readable manner than Levy crams in this whole book of uninteresting chapters.
I bought this for a class at school and was disspointed that the product key wouldn't work. Because it didn't work I had to buy another one at a bookstore that was more expensive. If you are getting this for a class, be sure to see if the product key works first if possible.
The fact that a certain manager at a former workplace of mine -- far better at schmoozing than telling the truth, not having grown emotionally or intellectually since the age of about 14, and known to have, uh, a little trouble with alcohol -- loooooved this book made me suspect it from the start. If I remember correctly, I gave it a brief flip-through because I couldn't stomach an in-depth reading.Unlike many of the one-star reviewers, I'm a libertarian, and I do believe that we all need to be ready to adapt to radical changes in how we earn our livings. Like it or not, the anti-globalists and the Luddites aren't going to turn back the tides of freer trade and ever-improving technology. I myself got laid off last month, and although at times I've been downhearted and panicky (my skills could use some major upgrading), I am trying to look at it as an opportunity, not a catastrophe, especially because my most recent job was in an industry with a dwindling future.That said, all the trees that died to make "Who Moved My Cheese?" would have been better put to use as toilet paper. An author who truly cared about helping others adjust to change would make concrete suggestions on how to do so. Indeed, there are any number of books out there on how to change careers, relationships, self-image, etc. Of course, many of them are hack jobs, but others offer concrete suggestions, sound strategies, and morale-boosters that actually have some intellectual heft to them.This book, on the other hand, is an exercise in managerial self-congratulation at its most condescending to subordinates. I was disgusted, but not really surprised, to learn that people were receiving it in their layoff packages. Scott ("Dilbert") Adams could hardly come up with a crueler twist on corporate perversity.Many readers have given this book five stars. Then again, the same holds for those ever-so-deep (think Jack Handey) tomes in the "Chicken Shi--" sorry, "Soup for the Soul" series. I guess a lot of people not only don't mind being spoon-fed the ridiculously obvious and trite, even after it's been dumbed down so that it could be understood by 4-year-olds and then repackaged as priceless wisdom, but will afterwards lick their lips and say, "Thank you, sir, may I have another?"Any well-written fantasy novel grounded in moral realities -- many recommend Tolkien's books; I myself strongly suggest Diana L. Paxson's trilogy based on the ancient Germanic tale of Sigfried and Br&uuml;nhilde, starting with "The Wolf and the Raven" -- would get across the message that most of life is the fighting of adversity, and do it with far more haunting, enchanting grace, than a thousand books the likes of "Who Moved My Cheese?"
"We" is an incredible novel, but I am really disappointed with the Kindle edition. There are two small things that are really annoying:1. The chapter subtitles do not have "returns" where it should. For example, chapter 1 has a subtitle:"AnnouncementThe Wisest of LinesAn Epic Poem"But in the Kindle version, we have "Announcement The Wisest of Lines An Epic Poem" which is incredibly misleading.2. The text seems like an OCR some times. One of the main characters, I-330, is sometimes refered as 1-330 (yes, this typo appears many times, using the letter I and the number 1, which can cause confusion since all character names are letters+numbers).The funny is that these errors do not exist in the same paper edition, which I also have. I know: they are all small issues, but it is unacceptable to pay this price for something with such problems.Amazon really should take a little bit more care with its Kindle products (I know that the problem probably occurred by the publisher, while converting the original text).I would rate 4 stars if there was no problems with the kindle edition. The text is a little bit less enjoyable than Huxley and Orwell, although we can really easily see how the other two were _heavily_ influenced by Zamyatin.
Pointless rubbish.  Worse than Nicholas Sparks.  Don't waste your time or money.  Besides, not available as an eBook due to the small minded author.
I was interested in this book because of the Sydney setting. In that regard it didn't disappoint. There's lots of the atmosphere of the city's neighborhoods and the inclusion of Aboriginal characters with their folk ways.The mystery plot isn't bad, not the most original but it hangs together and makes a kind of sense. A good use of the Aquarium at the end.What I did not like was the character of Harry Hole. The author goes hot and cold. At times there's very detailed explanations of Harry's past and what motivates him (almost too much for a who-done-it kind of book).Then Harry is suddenly doing things with no explanation that makes little sense.Like when Harry in a bar wanders over to pick a fight with 4 or 5 uglies that clearly outmatch him.Like when a Sydney colleague he's known a few days and came to like, dies, Harry not only falls off the wagon, he goes on a drunk that lasts for days and days. He snaps sober suddenly for a bit then goes drunk drunk drunk again.Near the end Harry asks a woman he's met, and fallen for, to be bait to catch the killer but he takes no responsibility to see that she's kept as safe as possible. (They put the "wire" in her HANDBAG!!!!)I actually had to laugh when, as things go south, Harry bleets "We're putting Brigitta's life at risk by trying a stunt like this. Don't you see?"(BTW, why do the Aussie cops use a civilian?)After the incident with Brigitta....."I think I loved the girl."......after his gesture, while drunk, in memory of her (I guess), I was done. I skimmed the last 25 pages.I understand there are several more Harry Hole books. Maybe he gets more understandable. I'm not interested in finding out.
This book is poorly written, piled up with a lot of junk orderlessly.I could not find anything useful in the entire book. It wasted my money. I trashed my copy!If you really want to learn how to trade and NOT lose your money, go ahead with the "High Probability Trading" by Marcel Link (2003).
...Starling and HL are so ludicrously different from their former incarnations they might as well be totally new characters, and the writing is so bad it's actually in bad ENGLISH, with the &quot;author&quot; often using non-sentences to set up  &quot;scenes&quot; like a screenplay. You forgot the VERBS, Tom! How  appropriate that Shlockmeister Stephen King gave &quot;Hannibal&quot; such  a glorious write-up in the NY Times Book Review. Only somebody who can't  figure out why Jodie Foster took a powder on the film sequel should read  this book. Smart girl, that Jodie!
If you want to read a book on how to spend a million dollars, without making a single dime, this is the book for you.  Keller spends a great deal of time showing you how to blow money, but he offers you NO program for earning money.  If you are new to selling real estate, you need to learn how to prospect for new business, qualify customers and clients, present to them, close the sale, service the customer and close the transaction.  This book does not tell you how to do any of that.  Amazon has much better books available to you:  Ray Smith's "Master Blueprint for Real Estate Sales" or Dave Stone's "Training Manual for Real Estate Salespeople", both out of print, but available, are way better choices for you!
Imaginative, titillating, at times hilarious.  But, in the end, pointless.If I wanted to read Greek mythology, I would simply go to the source.  This book, while certainly breezy and well-written, left me rather cold.My problem is that I am not of the MTV generation, so the lack of substance is noticeable to me.  At the end of this book I felt like I had just spent the day with a group of people I have nothing in common with.
I was disappointed in the style of writing , I like to be kept guessing. This is not the case with this book.
This book might be a good book for a novice who has purchased a used tablet, however it contains little more than that which can be found in the user manual (free) or info online (free). So do not bother with this book.
Could only get thru a quarter of this book.  It was very confusing the whole time with only a page or two holding my interest.  Poorly written book, no plot that I could follow.  I had to make myself read as much as I did in hopes that it would eventually be worth my time to read.
The Encyclopedia of Trading Strategies is well written and is a good book if you are looking for something very technical and mechanical.  I was disappointed with the book.  I thought it would offer chart set ups or set ups per technical indicators.  Instead, it offered codes, etc for setting up mechanical systems.
I had seen a TV series of one of his books and I wasn't overly impressed with the story. Since a TV show is not the book, when I read a good review of this book, I decided to read it and get a better impression of Mankell.This story starts out great and I really liked it, but about 1/3 of the way into the story, it starts to falter, and goes downhill, and never recovers-- I was surprised at how filled with impossibilites/improbabilities, etc. Some of the connections worked out by the "bad guys" from occurrences of 150 years ago between events in Nevada and a small, remote group of houses in Sweden in present day ... hmmm...I took the book out of the library and was glad I hadn't bought it. I was most disappointed because I love mysteries and I was hoping that I had found a writer I would like.Just my opinions
From the remarks at this site, people either love this novel or hate it. I hated it. I hated it for the reason that it represents all that is bad about MFA program writing in the last 30 years. The emphasis is entirely on STYLE. Forget story. Forget that your reader needs some reason to be reading the narrative. Just throw out and string together wonderful language and the reader will follow you anywhere. Some of this thinking goes back to Henry James, some of it goes back to Virginia Woolf who was so terrified of books with plots or dominating conceits (like H.G. Wells' THE TIME MACHINE). The first 100 pages of this novel are about a real estate deal and the people to whom Frank Bascombe is trying to sell a property. It's brilliantly written. In fact, it's so brilliantly written that I had a lot of problems seeing a former sportswriter being so introspective and articulate about his life, his loves, and the region of the country he inhabits. This book has no driving plot. In fact, it's an arbitrarily chosen conceit: what happens on July 4th in the life of one guy. It's not James Joyce's ULYSSES nor is it trying to be, but EVERY thought this man has is in this book. And none of it is related to a plot or story or any reason whatever why a person--any person--should pick up the book.Indeed, that seems to be the crux. I read this book because it was by Richard Ford, a man whom all of my colleagues in the mainstream fiction world revere. You must read this book, they said. So I did. And I consider it an extraordinary waste of my time. To be sure, this is a judgment call, but I'm allowed to make it. EVERY reader is allowed to make that call. But I know I'm in the minority in this. This book is supposed to be one of the greatest American novels of the last 25 years. But will it be so in another 25 years? Are novels now only to be interior monologues (which Virginia Woolf preferred and said so in her essay "Modern Fiction")?Perhaps our values are changing. Perhaps the MFA programs in this country are correct in only cultivating style rather than story. But what it eventually evolves into is a form of narcissism, wherein the author writes at length, putting on the page all of his or her thoughts about whatever and we're supposed to . . . what? Applaud it?I believe that the authors we'll remember will be the natural storytellers. I don't think Richard Ford is one of them. But, man, he sure can write.
This book claims to be about diving accidents.  Yes, there are certainly accidents in the book, but for some reason the writer has found it necessary to also make this a manual about diving.  I am irritated by having to turn page after page of a book I have paid for, to be told things I already know.  I assume that most readers choosing this book would be qualified divers.  As such, we already know most of the "teaching" material in the book.  We did not buy the book to be taught what is in every scuba course, we bought it to hear of scuba accidents, presumably to be better prepared to avoid them.  The advertising is at best unclear, and at worst dishonest.
Wildly popular brainwashing tool for use by managers; intended to prevent discontent among the serfs when corporate purges are launched. The book is presented in the form of a cute kiddie story in order to make the displaced servants subconsciously feel that any negative reaction they may have to the changes is petty and childish.If your manager starts passing this book out at meetings, be sure your resume is updated.I normally am opposed to book burning, but in the case of "Who Moved My Cheese" I will make an exception. I wish I lived in a world where poison garbage like this was never even thought of.
THE KRAKEN WAKES..what a wonderful, evocative title. Pity that the actual book is sooo slow moving and brimming with British understatement and stiff upper lips. For years I've been intrigued by the title of Wyndham's book and been promising myself I'd have to read it. Well, I got my wish but, as good Queen Victoria said, "We are not amused."And so it  begins...unidentified fireballs land in various parts of the oceans. Time passes and suddenly ships are disappearing around the globe. The hero and heroine of THE KRAKEN WAKES - a British husband-wife news team - help investigate the phenomena but no answers are forthcoming. More time passes and, in the latest development, coastal villages are being wiped out. When the cause of all these misfortunes is unveiled, world governments take action but aren't successful. More time passes and then...Wyndham had the makings of a great sci-fic novel here. While the tension builds as more calamities occur, I felt that was undermined by the endless domestic conversations between Mike and Phyllis. THE KRAKEN WAKES reminds me of those English drawing-room dramas where characters talk endlessly about not terrible interesting matters and nothing much happens. THE KRAKEN WAKES could have been a real page-turner if Wyndham had less "More tea, dear?" and more "Oh lord, another liner has disappeared...why doesn't someone find out what's going on!?!"Short and not so sweet: Great title, not so great novel!
HORRIBLE. HOW could one person slaughter Arthur so badly? It's the absolute worst representation of the story I love that I have ever read. It's an abomination! She seems to love smearing the pages with dirty, sickening tripe, turning the best-loved legends into the worst, most disgusting human creatures anyone could inevent.I don't give a dang what all the other reviewers say. Burn your money sooner than buy this junk.
I didn't care for this book. I didn't like the writing style. The story wasn't bad and I think I might have enjoyed it more if it were written in narrative. But in the first person of an autistic 15 year old it was, for lack if a better word annoying.
If you've come this far along in the series hoping to get some answers at long last to all the burning questions raised by these books and their supplementary materials, and you think you'll be getting at least SOME of these answers in Book the Twelfth, then you've come to the wrong place.  All you get here is pages and pages of more pointless hints, more pointless conversations, more pointless literary references, more pointless space-filling definitions & descriptions and MANY more raised questions. The charm of the series is definitely worn thin -- anorexic, actually -- at this point.  Usually these books have me chuckling for pages but this time the only laugh I got was when Handler took advantage of Sunny's system of baby-talk to throw in a left-wing joke about Scalia and the Supreme Court.  It'll fly completely over the heads of the kiddie readers and might annoy some of the more right-wing older readers, but apparently it's impossible to escape politics these days, even in children's literature.Handler has at this point dug himself into a deep, deep hole and there's NO POSSIBLE WAY he can satisfy everyone and answer every question in just one more book -- which doesn't make me at all eager to read it!  He is losing people (or maybe just me) with the continued twists and turns this late in the series, and this book was really nothing more than an excuse to reintroduce characters from all the other books and set up more questions that likely won't be answered in the next book either.  It's like turning on your favorite show to watch the series finale and getting a season-recap instead.  In other words, it's almost a total waste of time.Handler likes using literary references in his books but this book might as well be one gigantic reference to a play written by a man you may have heard of: William Shakespeare. It's truly much ado about absolutely NOTHING.
It's very difficult to care about the two main characters of a love story when they're two completely unlikable people.So the premise of the book, as you surely already know, is that Henry spontaneously time travels against his will due to some genetic mutation. As an adult, he often winds up traveling back to when his future wife was still a child. I can't help but find the scenario disturbing. The first time Henry appears to Claire, she is six. As Henry can only take his actual self with him back in time, that means he arrives wherever fate drops him buck naked. Which means that the multitude of occasions when he encounters Claire as a child, he does so as a fully grown naked man.While he won't sleep with Claire until she is 18--because the U.S. Government says that's when you turn into an adult, so it's cool--he does, of course, start fostering their relationship much earlier. Perhaps they are both just victims of circumstance. Can you blame Henry for this? It's not his fault that fate dropped him in the field of his future wife while she is still underage. What else is he to do? What's that? He could not approach her and talk to her once he realizes who she is? He could allow her to have a normal childhood and not force her to regularly interact with a full-grown naked man? He could choose to not let it slip, through allusion and then direct reference, that they eventually get married causing her to never be able to have a relationship with anyone before him because she knows its fated not to last and, thus, kind of subjects her to a weird sort of Stockholm Syndrome? Yeah.So a theme of this book is how time travel and destiny work in tandem. After all, if you can travel back in time, you can surely change the future, right? The author supposes no--you cannot. As examples, Henry is unable to act to change the accident in which his mother dies, even though he returns to that moment in time again and again and again. He cannot save a little girl who dies, or, apparently, do anything to prevent 9/11 even though he knows it's coming.Yet, Henry CAN seem to go to the future, learn winning lottery numbers or stock tips, then go back and use that information to gain financially. HOW IS THAT NOT THE SAME THING!? The answer in the book seems to be "Because it already happened." But that makes no sense at all. If he can use information from the future to groom his future wife and win the lottery--if his spontaneous time travel is a result of a genetic mutation--what possible reason could exist that he couldn't write a letter to the editor of every newspaper and a letter to every Senator warning people about 9/11? In one scene where Henry first tries to change the past, it's presented like he gets stuck in some sort of time warp when he tries to do it. So why doesn't the time warp prevent him from altering the lottery? It's not logical. It doesn't follow.Finally, I found both of these characters to be absolutely tiresome. Claire grows up with hired help and, once married to Henry, spends her days as an "artist." Henry wakes up, makes coffee, cooks breakfast for both of them, then heads to work all day, and Claire GOES BACK TO BED. Maybe I just resent my cubicle slave life, but I can't feel any sympathy for her plight in life when she's spending it sleeping in every day, then getting up and going to her art studio to play with paper. She also sleeps with her supposed friend's future husband and the only one she seems to feel guilty toward is Henry. She doesn't spare a second's thought for the man she slept with, or her friend.The scene where Henry watched Isabelle kill herself cements my opinion about him. He couldn't say "Hey, I loved you, but it didn't work out. You go on to have a great life. You find happiness again." Then, when he's dead, he leaves Claire a note saying he's going to return to her WHEN SHE IS 80. Oh, don't even think about moving on and finding love with someone else, Claire. I'll be back. For 5 minutes. In 40 years.In the end, my biggest problem with this book is that it was a glorified romance novel--with the requisite endless raunchy sex scenes--dressed up like a high-minded piece of modern fiction. But if you're looking to read about two pretentious twits romancing each other for 400 pages, this book is for you.
This whole series of books is so misleading!! There is nothing "fringe science" or remotely dangerous or interesting in most of these "evil genius" books. NOTHING EVIL and NOTHING CLOSE TO GENIUS. There should have only ever been ONE book titled "Evil Genius" and that award goes to Robert Iannini. But, even then, I can't see Iannini coming up with that lame idea for a title. What dullard at the publishing house would try to pass off other books under the guise of Iannis hard work and true genius. Predkos writing is trite and patronizing - you can almost see that smug look on his face as he bangs out page after page of boring uninspired rehash. This guy is anything but genius. All you authors out there should be warned to stick to your guns and give your books their own titles and personalities - don't get bullied by the burocrat publishers with the boring covers. This guy bangs out book after book so quickly that there is no room for origionality or genius - this guy is writing to collect an advance.
This book was highly rated by many others. However, I read it as an American Classic. However, I can't say that I enjoyed it very much.Clearly the author was grinding out a grudge against men who cheat. Yes, they are bad men... we get it... and bad things should happen.However, the heroine being so self-centered that she can never find true happiness, with the grass is always greener mentality... is never thankful for anything she has, and in turn winds up with the greatest luck and fortune because &#34;of her self-affluenced upward drive and hard work&#34;... when it's just because she was conceited, pretty and held nothing sacred.While this might be an escapist form of literature for many women, I can't say that I enjoyed it. The writing was chunky... going from long sparse chapters, to thick heavy clunky over-describing every single detail moments that last for what seems like days.This book wasn't good subject matter to me... and was clearly not written in a single mind frame. As the author's attitudes change over the time he wrote his book, you can clearly see it the changes in his writing style. This makes everything uneven, and even goes against itself in many of the top subject plots.2 Stars at best.
I am a former Slaughter fan. Former as of the moment she killed Jeffrey off in Beyond Reach. She not only obliterated any of her (former)fans interest in any future Grant County books, but also most likely hurt future sales as far as her past novels are concerned. Who wants to start a series that will only end in the destruction of the main male character? I hope other authors take heed and learn from KS's mistakes. I will never buy another of her books, even those having nothing to do with Grant County. I feel betrayed.
I have read many books on various subjects, not just marketing. This book is the worst one I've read in marketing and one of the worst books I've read in general. These guys are clearly not writers, I read two books a week and somehow they still managed to put a reader like me to sleep. What's worst is that the subject of the book is to make your content stick. Please do yourself a favor, stay far away from this book. I regret wasting my money on this thing, I want a refund, I have been robbed. How in the world did this get so many 5 stars in the first place? The authors of the book speak as if they were speaking to kindergarden students. If you don't believe me, go ahead and waste your money only to find out I was not kidding.
As an author, I am concerned by Scribner's involvement in this "restored edition." With this reworking as a precedent, what will Scribner do, for instance, if a descendant of F. Scott Fitzgerald demands the removal of the chapter in "A Moveable Feast" about the size of Fitzgerald's penis, or if Ford Madox Ford's grandson wants to delete references to his ancestor's body odor.All publishers, Scribner included, are guardians of the books that authors entrust to them. Someone who inherits an author's copyright is not entitled to amend his work. There is always the possibility that the inheritor could write his own book offering his own corrections.Ernest was very protective of the words he wrote, words that gave the literary world a new style of writing. Surely he has the right to have these words protected against frivolous incursion, like this reworked volume that should be called "A Moveable Book." I hope the Authors Guild is paying attention.A. E. Hotchner is the author of the memoirs "Papa Hemingway" and "King of the Hill."
I am afraid this book is definititely not for me. It is far too long and too long winded. I think the author lost sight of the plot as he seemed to go off on different tangents quite, to my mind, unnecessarily. It is extremely rare for me not to finish a book especially one I had purchased for myself and I honestly tried very hard with this one but just after halfway through I had to give it up. I had struggled long enough!!!!
4.5 stars with 915 reviews. I expected to really enjoy this book. I am now on page 74 of 415 pages (i.e., 17% of the book). I am still waiting for it to get funny. The book is boring. The characters are unlikable. I doubt I will finish it. I don't understand what it is that everyone finds so funny about this book.At best this book will give your vocabulary a workout. I would give this book zero stars if that was an option.
Ever hear one of those recordings by some female singer who whines about what seems to be a perfectly nice life, then in the next song whines about how she didn't realize what a nice life she had until she lost it? That's this book. You can almost taste the unwashed beatnik hair you swallowed down in your triple decaf sugar free soy latte just thinking about it.So here's Paige, this dumb self-important artsy chick (you know the type), simpering around feeling incompetent, waitressing and watching TV, though she theoretically has the gift to see into people's souls in her drawings (the undeveloped hook that probably got the publisher to agree to this piece of schlock). Finally, three months after giving birth, she decides to "find herself" (yes, really) by searching for the mother who had abandoned her, whom she finds, and proceeds to go riding around for several months on some stupid horse metaphor. Bawltagonist claims she feels guilty to have abandoned her three-month-old child, but, well, maybe not that guilty, giddyup.Perhaps the abandoned child-turned-mother finding her own long lost mother is supposed to be poignant, but fails. I really like Picoult's work, I hoped for a while that she was just really deftly writing the character this way on purpose to point out that babies do better with mothers that don't sit around watching TV and shaking in their house slippers at the notion of motherhood, but alas, she never got there. A couple of Gymboree classes and maybe a Mommy and Me series would have fixed everything right up, end of story. But I guess artsy chicks don't do Gymboree, and nobody cares much about the kid.Picoult makes out that Jodi, I mean Paige, is strictly neeto, and if you look at Picoult's picture, Jodi, I mean Paige, is just an idealized version of herself. Maybe the book is little more than a long excuse for herself. It certainly has that air. Even the husband's mother celebrates Jodi, I mean, Paige's 'bravery' in abandoning her child because (according to Picoult's undertext) of course all mothers secretly want to abandon their infant children, and even the father has the same secret wish.Oh and here's another nice cliche, the grandparents find fulfillment when having a three-month-old child sprung on them by their irresponsible adult children. Sure. It all just really creeps me out.Picoult must have needed some fast cash or something, because this is such a lame book, poorly thought-out, brimming with cliches such as this stupid epiphany: "I laugh out loud at my own discovery...I ran for miles and miles and miles just to realize what I really wanted was right here."Come on, now, publishers - let's put a morontorium on the "my own backyard" epiphany, can we? I'm begging you. It's just too dumb. Anyway, this book is little more than a fancy pants version of General Hospital minus the humor and charisma and everybody being somebody's secret love child. Go read Nineteen Minutes if you want to read Picoult, that's a brilliant book.
So, you've got questions at work or at school or anywhere that you are dealing with the authorities? Keep them to yourself and move up the food chain. Ask and you will be labeled a rebel and sent to Siberia. That's the message of this book.
I love the idea of this book, and know so many people who loved it. However, I could not finish it. I tried so many times and it just felt endless to me... I just didn't care! I had trouble even watching the movie even though it was well acted and had beautiful people starring in it. I guess I just didn't really like the characters and didn't feel their romance at all. I like the logic of the plot line and think the story has potential to be wildly romantic or even just more emotional. However, it just wasn't. Read the synopsis, see the movie, spare yourself some time.
Oprah has struggled with her weight forever - and she's been on diet after diet after diet - but none seem to work...Zandi's Paying The Price reminds me of Oprah and her diet quest - good intentions - but bad results.I was hoping this book would have some new ideas - however, this is nothing but liberal ideology. I don't care what political side you are on - but when someone says spending in the way to get out of debt (without any substantial cuts)- I KNOW from personal experience this is NOT the way to go.Zandi's idea that more flooding the colleges with students who turn into grads is laughable. I have 2 nieces with MBA's who can't find jobs. One is a nannie and one is living off her parents generosity and has now decided to go back to school.I have 1 niece and 2 nephews who didn't go to college - the  nephews started a construction business and are thriving even in this crappy economy and my niece and her mom (my sister) make candles and do very well.Zandi makes the talk show rounds - which is why I was interested in this book because he comes off as middle of the road political wise - however, after reading his book it's obvious he is a full out progressive interested in keeping the power and wealth in the hands of the affluent and government. College tuition is outrageous! Who benefits from that? Banks and the govt from loans. Tax the wealthy? Sure, why not - it makes us "middle of the road" folks feel vindicated  - but really, it's all lip service. TRUE reform would be about closing ALL loop holes. Zandi does what liberals do best - paints a story of compassion when in reality, he - nor those in his political circle - practice what they preach. It's all spin. Stimulus? Stimulus is another word for crony capitalism. How many green companies did the "stimulus" sink tax payer dollars into (green companies that were Obama bundlers!)And when it comes to Zandi's predictions? He has a horrible history: August 2006, he told Newsweek housing prices would bottom out in August 2007. In October 2007, he told the National Association of Home Builders that the bottom would come in late 2008. In April 2009, he told Time magazine that housing prices would bottom out by the end of the year. Three months later, he told NPR: by this time next year, the market will have hit bottom.Bottom line - I guess when you keep predicting rain, eventually you'll be correct.Zandi is one of the architects of the 2009 stimulus bill and what followed after that 43 straight months of 8.0+ unemployment, more people on welfare/foodstamps, and Govt debt as % of GDP has increased since 2009 from 40% to 70%.Instead of buying this book and stimulating Zandi's bank account - use it that money to buy something from a local farm or a local business and stimulate your local economy!
This book was just okay.  I personally wanted to be able to argue in my personal life, but this book focuses on the business world.  So therefore it was not for me.
I thought this would be fun to read to (and eventually with) my four year old step-grandchild until I flipped through the pages.  Boy, was I wrong!  The drawing that accompanies the first poem, "About The Teeth of Sharks" was entirely inappropriate for a young child--better suited for the movie "Jaws."  I could have just avoided that page, but then I kept flipping through...hidden at the back of the book were poems that treated corporal punishment as a normal and acceptable way of bringing up a child, for example "How the Frightful Child Grew Better," and "What Do You Think His Daddy Did."
This is an absolutely horrid book.The cover and description says that this is a book about the Ritz Carlton.  It is not.  It is a sales job of yet another shallow consultant who is peddling his services with a bunch of homilies.  He sort of wraps the chapters around a very few interviews with Ritz-Carlton officials; most the interview quotes are irrelevant to the operation of the hotel.I should have realized that the author has no credentials and has endorsements by other pseudo experts with titles like &#34;BOOM!&#34; in their books.PT Barnum warned us of people like this.I have returned my copy and have secured a refund.
Isobel Bird, Circle of Three: So Mote It Be (Harper, 2001)I made the mistake of reading the first book in Isobel Bird's Circle of Three series too soon after reading J. G. Passarella's fantastic novel Wither, obviously, because I read the many reviews of this book and wonder what they're talking about.Between Amazon and various other sites, I've come across seventy-five or so reviews of So Mote It Be, and many of them adhere to the same theme: the book's treatment of wicca. And while Bird certainly takes a more knowledgeable and open-minded approach to the subject than most authors, what's done here doesn't hold half a candle to Passarella's treatment of the same material; this is Dick and Jane to Passarella's Cormac McCarthy.That aside, I would have been more than willing to overlook the simplistic treatment of that aspect of the source material had the characters been worthwhile. Problem is, well, they're not. Bird violates rule number one of writing for kids/young adults: "don't talk down to your audience." The characters here are straight out of Sweet Valley High, both the protagonists and their nemeses, the popular kids. There's no depth whatsoever to a single character to be found here. (Granted, some of them Bird is setting up for later books, and there it's excusable. But in your main characters? Never.)Those who found Kate an excellent role model (and again I say she would be, were she at all three-dimensional), I cannot recommend highly enough you go procure yourselves a copy of J. G. Passarella's Wither. Now. This very moment. An enthusiastic (and accurate) approach to wicca can, truly, be found in a three-dimensional character, and that character is Wendy Ward. **
I loved the book ,but is Amazon aware the the free sample is the Dedication and Introduction and it gives the Whole story away. If you haven't read the book, DON'T download the Sample ,it will spoil the book!
This book is an example of what is so very wrong with technical books. The underlying problem is that publishers have no concern whatever about the quality of what they publish. Books are published simply to have something to sell. "Editing" comprises little more than assembling and formatting the material. There is little concern for accuracy or readability. Technical publishers are, in effect, reverse "vanity" presses, where the publisher pays the author.I had a nice conversation with this book's editor, a good-natured and gracious person -- who admitted he had little technical background. What is such a person doing editing technical documents? And why did he apply for -- then accept -- a job he knew he was completely unqualified for?The poor editing can be seen by comparing p67 with p9. On the former, the author correctly explains the difference between analog and digitial information. It's written in a boring "academic" style, but it /is/ correct. But on p9, he confuses "analog" with "continuous time" -- which is NOT correct. One can have analog data that are discrete-time. A competent editor or reviewer would have caught this. It wasn't caught, ergo, Academic Press has no competent editors or reviewers.Another example of bad writing and editing is the confusion of "causality" and "real-time" processing. The latter does not seem to carefully defined anywhere. There are such things as non-causal real-time /sampled-data/ systems.This isn't to say there's no useful material in this book. The hundreds of sample problems, to be worked out with MATLAB, are the book's raison d'etre, and help the reader get a practical grasp of signal processing.However...I suspect I'd have been rather lost if I hadn't taken a course in this material almost 40 years ago. Back then, we used Lahti's "An Introduction to Random Signals and Communication Theory", which is readily available, used.Chapter 1 of Lahti provides (in addition to the math) clear, /graphical/ representations of convolution, the sampling theorem, and other important operations. These alone are worth the price of the book. I cannot find anything remotely resembling them in "Signals and Systems Using MATLAB".I cannot recommend this book. If you have to purchase it for a course, I hope your instructor has a better understanding of the material -- and the ability to convey it -- than Mr Chaparro.
One of my local librarians suggested a book she thought I might like...  The Rule Of Four by Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason.  Unfortunately, this is one of those rare instances where we didn't agree.  The book didn't do a whole lot for me...The novel tracks the story of four Princeton students, two of which have a history involving the study of a book titled the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili.  This is an actual book written in the late 1400's, and it's thought to have a number of puzzles and riddles contained in it that lead to a secret message from the unknown author.  The book's mystery ends up being an all-consuming passion to those who get involved, and in this case it involves double crosses and death.Now, I realize that's a pretty thin synopsis.  But in this case, it's about the most positive thing I can say about the book.  Comparisons are made to Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, in that there's hidden meanings that once uncovered will change the perception and truth about historical events.  But at least with Brown's book, the supporting story surrounding the investigation was interesting.  This one just sits there.  Two of the four students are not even primary to the plot (in my opinion), and I really don't care about them.  The girlfriend angle with one of the two main characters doesn't add a lot to the primary plot, either.  I know that we're supposed to care about how he has to choose Katie or the book, and how that same consuming passion destroyed his father.  But once again, I just didn't find myself caring one way or the other.  The story was at it's best when they were figuring out how to decode the riddles and cyphers to get the next clue, but there was far too little of that to maintain my interest.I suppose if you're *really* into academia, literary analysis, or books that spend a lot of time examining motivation and cause, you might find this a stellar read.  For those of us looking for something to entertain, this book is probably best left on the shelf...
Rushdie has done much better.  This was not up to par.  His earlier books were far better.  This was difficult to get through.
Yea, yea, I know this one is a "classic".  But sheesh, it's just not a good story imho.  So much of it spent in the bickering between the professor and his nephew, and the "science" part of the science fiction really seems to be missing in most places.  And I just flat out didn't like the reader for the audiobook.  I go through a lot of audiobooks, and I consider this to be one of the worst I've listened to.
language is stilted and dry, plot tortured and unbelievable.  the character of Father Brown is appealing, but there's too much muck to get through to appreciate him
I really wanted to love this book.  I had heard wonderful things about the author, how his course at Harvard was "sold out" each semester.  I've read a myriad of books on happiness, the new positive psychology, etc., and frankly, this book had very little new information or ideas.  At the same time, I do think his book, CHOOSING THE LIFE YOU WANT is a worthwhile read.  I wish I could say the same thing about HAPPIER.
It's well written, just not what I thought it was going to be and ended kind of lamely.  Just wasn't my style of reading.  May be good for someone else though
I really did NOT like this book.  I found the concepts contained therein to be demeaning from a management perspective.  If you are looking for something profound then this is not the book for you.  The contents are base at best.  This is stuff that you probably should have figured out when you got your first job.  I see all these 5 star reviews and I can't help but think that they must be written by people I would absolutely hate to work for: the butt kissers, the do nothing management types and the general cluseless.  Let's face, if you need a parable about mice to help you understand and adapt to the corporate work environment then you will wind up in one of 2 camps: the ra-ra managers who eat this stuff up or you'll be the sucker who works for them. I giving this book 2 stars on the basis that the author managed to write more than 20 pages on what should only have been a paragraph at best.
I ordered this book since I've read every one of the Harry Hole series.  To my disappointment, there are at least 40 pages in the middle of the book that were cut short before being bound.When I tried to mail the book back to the UK, the cost would have been over $25.00; far more than I had paid for the book.  Now I gues I can just imagine what the short changed pages said.
Just to give one example, this book repetitively harps on the lack of African Americans at the meeting. The author points out that since 13% of the US population is black, he wonders why 13% of the shareholders at the meeting aren't black. The implication is that Warren Buffett must be some greedy, evil racist out of a Law & Order episode.However, let's look at the facts. The average African American net worth is about 10% of the average net worth of white Americans. So, adjusting for that fact, one should expect roughly 1.3% of the attendees at the meeting to be black, not 13%. But let's not let facts get in the way of a good soapbox.This book is full of other problems too, and they are too many to mention.There are some good points of the book with giving you a taste of the meeting experience. You can read more details about that in the other reviews, however.
This is the same tired anti-western junk that pervades the leftist culture.  The Professional Left can't get over being wrong about Communism, and they think you've forgotten.Yawn.+Also, read "Gulag" by Anne Applebaum.  Just for some perspective.Gulag: A History+For more on Progressivism without Progress, try "Left in Dark Times" by Bernard LevyLeft in Dark Times: A Stand Against the New Barbarism+And for a real "fight the power" flavor, try33 Questions About American History You're Not Supposed to Ask.
Tedious. I bought all 3 books in the trilogy based on reviews and require of myself that I finish what I start.Think I'll move on to something else....
I know a little bit about electronics.  When I was little, my dad bought me a Heathkit electronics kit (some of you may be old enough to know what this is). Rather than learn about all the components, I simply connected all the wires according to the diagrams to make the project work, but had no idea how each part affected the whole. So I thought this book would help explain all that to me.Unfortunately, I don't find this book to be that useful. The author writes in a very chatty, even too-cute style that real people don't use when they are talking informally among themselves. He also uses way too many footnotes of the parenthetical type, that interrupt the writing flow.  I also found that he writes as though the reader is already familiar with many technical things, not just about electricity but about physics and other areas that many of us don't know that well. I found myself looking back to try and figure out what he was talking about, but there was no definition, just an assumption that it was already understood.The premise of this book is what attracted me to it, as were many of the reviews: that it clearly explained things in a way that people wished their professors had taught it in school so that now they finally understood the concepts. However, maybe it is just me but I could not get past the writing style or how the author assumed too much knowledge on my part.There is at the beginning a section about the secrets of really understanding a subject and how to study it, but even that was confusing to me.Sorry, maybe I am just a dunce but I tried to write this review from the perspective of the average joe who is a novice at the subject and wants to learn about it. I found that this book did not help me in that respect.
When I first got this book, I was impressed with all the code and the fancy layout. But around half-way through I realized the following:1.  A lot of the output was in something like DOS-boxes! Can you believe that. With such a powerful system as VB.NET, they're outputing to DOS-boxes!2.  The rest of the time output was to MessageBox.Show(), which is just a very simple standard IO dialog box. I finally got disgusted when the book got to geometric output and, instead of drawing circles, I was still just printing out the values of the radius and diameter in dialog boxes. I thought to myself "What the hell is the purpose of this? I'm not learning anything!"3.  I took a cursory examination of subsequent chapters and throughout the whole book the authors use those stinking MessageBox.Show() functions.Now the book does cover a lot of territory, but I can't believe the authors couldn't do a better job. Keep searching-this book stinks.
I'm still trying to get through the beginning of the book. It is wordy, non eventful and boring. I need to see a story in my head like a movie with action. I don't know if I will even finish this book. Very disappointed.
This book should say &#34;Review&#34; somewhere on the cover, because it is far too advanced and badly structured for a beginner. I took Spanish several decades ago and am trying to relearn it, but even though I remember quite a bit this book confuses the heck out of me. For one thing, she uses vocabulary in the exercises that are nowhere in the book - not in the glossary, not in any of the other exercises, nor in any of the vocabulary boxes that appear on some pages. Not only that, even in the early chapters she sometimes uses a verb tense that isn't covered until far later in the book. Every time I sit down with this book I get discouraged.Not so with Spanish Verb Tenses by Dorothy Richman (in the same &#34;Practice Makes Perfect&#34; line of books.) It has MUCH better pacing, more complete vocabulary instruction and logical exercises. It's still probably better in conjunction with a class or tutoring if you've never taken Spanish, but it's much less frustrating than this book.
I guess one can write a book on the most absurd thing thought up and get paid for it ...and have fans of the book!This book makes a good doorstop.
Although I think that the structure and concept of the book is excellent, I encountered many SUBSTANTIVE typos in the exercises and examples.  Here are just a few:  the code for Exercise 2-12 contains an UNintentional typo  (: vs ;), AND the authors' solution doesn't relate to the code example at  all; Exercise 2-15 refers to a non-existent mouseUp() method, and provides  a SOLUTION to a problem no. 3 for which there is NO QUESTION; etc.I  would encourage the authors/publishers to do a thorough re-edit - this  looks like a case of rushing to market a book prematurely.
I have a hard time learning Spanish using this book.  I was expecting a step-by-step process but it seems to jump around too much.
In that respect it was not useful. However, it is written in everyday language and for those who seek a foundation of understanding it may be helpful.
This is the most DEPRESSING book I have ever read. While the author's research for her subject appears extremely thorough, I found myself skipping or skim-reading through many parts that were bogged down in excessively detailed narrative. It was impossible to acquire an affection for the hero or heroine. And the reader is supposed to swallow the impossibility that the husband's "madam" mistress (a veritable bucket-mouth) becomes instant and best friends with the prudish, overly sensitive heroine. A LOT of unnecessary crudeness permeates the dialog. I was actually glad for the constant church-bashing theme (lavished repeatedly upon Presbyterians, Anglicans, Catholics and Methodists). At least the reader understands that this horrendous tale is meant to depict the life of godless people who are reaping the consequences of their warped philosophies and actions.I nearly put the book down halfway through as there was no let up in the dark, depressing, senseless plot... Not until the final few pages does any light of happiness penetrate -- and then only because of near madness on the heroine's part and suicide on the hero's part!!!???  I DON'T THINK SO. I would recommend that you find better ways to fill your free time than expose yourself to this author's gloomy outlook on life, love, marriage and people in general.
I am about a third of the way thru. It's been slow reading due to a simple reason. The book is so boring it makes you cry (tears of frustration). Example: author explains a concept then shows a graph for visual examples of the candlesticks pattern; the graph shows the opposite of the concept (the pattern is NOT working! the stock collapsed rather than broke out) then the author explains that the graph actually shows that the pattern can have false alarms! Huh? Is there another graph that shows the pattern actually working as per the book text? (you guessed it: NO).So, how exactly I am supposed to trade using candlesticks (the purpose of the book) when all the graphs show what does NOT work?If I ever get to the end of the book, I'll update my review. Do not hold your breath.
John Updike is one of my favorite writers, but I found reading Henry Green like reading Upstairs, Downstairs in ultra-slow motion.
I didn't like this book because of bad language.  I thought it sounded interesting and the reviews didn't mention the language was not fit to read.  I deleted it from my Kindle.  If you're not bothered with nasty words it would probably be a good book otherwise I wouldn't have bought it.
Paul is a new student at a preppy private high school. As the new kid, who doesn't fit in, Paul is subjected to bullying from the other students.When Paul is absorbed into the "in" crowd by the leader, Charlie Good, he becomes accepted. But his acceptance comes at a price. Compromising his morals and judgement, Paul soon succumbs to whatever Charlie asks in order to be popular. The trouble starts with simple theft and grade changes, but how will he handle it when Charlie asks Paul to plant a bomb in the school?I dislike the way the author handles the consequences dealt out to Paul and Charlie. It seems to follow the theory that "money talks". Paul is punished for his part in the bombing plan while Charlie walks away scott-free. I find it irresponsible to teach kids that they can get away with criminal actions.
The writing was good... as far as writing excellent sentences.Story was slow.It jumped back and forth between scenes very often, many times within the same paragraph. I found myself having to reread often to determine if a new character had just entered the room or the scene had simply changed.This book is a bit... distasteful. Not obscene sex scenes but it had many explicit descriptions that were repeated so often it just began to make me feel uncomfortable.  I suppose the author felt he was being funny but I found it repugnant (I'll try to clean this up for the varied readers). As one of many examples, the author explains that whenever this wife needed money she had to charm her husband with alluring/sensual behavior. This mere fact this happened doesn't offend me. It's a fact. However it was the author's delivery that made this offensive and the frequency of the joke. The author used rather explicit descriptions of "causing the napkin in his seat to >ahem&lt;" and mentioning this little joke over and over again about the "tent in his lap."The author brought up other, seemingly pointless information as well that didn't seem to bring anything to the story: a retarded girl who stands in front of a window doing things to herself (use your imagination) or the frequent mentioning of stains on the sheets from a new bride after the wedding night (recall I am being less descriptive than the author)! I noticed this type of material every 5 to 10 pages. It was just so objectionable ... so frequent ... so tiring.
I've read other books about the Holocaust that were much better written than this one.  Much better!  Maybe it was a problem with the translation, I'll never know.I'd recommend other books on the subject, but not this one.
I bought this book because the hard back version was on the clearance shelf of my local bookstore for only $3.99.  After reading it, I discovered why the book was so cheap.  It appears that Edelman did not write this book  because he cares about consumers/investors, he wrote it for the sole  purpose of filling his own pockets with extra change.  Mr. Edelman's  inability to get his facts straight is blatantly visible throughout the  book.  For example, Edelman states that the Vanguard 500 Index fund did not  exist 10 years prior to the publication of his book (published in 1998).  But as a Vanguard investor I can tell you that the inception of the 500  Index fund was on August 31, 1976.  He also tells readers to avoid  inflation-indexed bonds, claiming that people only buy them hoping that  inflation will rise so their bond values will jump.  This is nonsense  (please don't insult my intelligence Ric).  People purchase these bonds as  a small conservative part of their portfolio to provide protection against  the investments (equities, high-yield bonds, etc.) that decrease in value  during times of inflation.  Lastly, Edelman completely trashes the Roth  IRA.  Although the type of IRA that one chooses depends on many factors  such as age, income, tax bracket, and expected age of retirement, the Roth  IRA is a wonderful choice for many (if not most) young investors.  No taxes  on accumlated earnings is usually more beneficial than no taxes on  contributions (you can figure out the math for your own situation using an  IRA calculator).  Edelman distorts the facts in order to scare people and  sell his book (shock grabs attention and sells a product).  There are many  other examples throughout his book of half-truths and misrepresentations,  but since I am limited to 1,000 words here I cannot name them all.  In  conclusion, I must say that I do pity the novice investor who chooses this  as an introduction to the financial world and heeds Edelman's advice as  golden.
Steinbeck wrote some good novels, some that are even almost great (East of Eden comes to mind); this, however, is not one of them.  The Grapes of Wrath is little more than bad communist propaganda.It isn't that the kinds of things he describes didn't happen, but the way he presents them---without looking for the deeper cause (rather than pulling out the tired old scarecrow of "greed", an abused and vague term anyway) or offering a real solution but rather simply pushing for a (dubious at best) political program---is not only unrealistic, it isn't artistic either.  About the only time it approaches the level of genuine literary expression is when Casy goes on about how his idea of holy is for every man to be harnessed, not even to every other man, but to Mankind as a whole.  That's a horrible thought, but at least it's a somewhat deeper one.Even Tom Joad's famous "Whenever you seen a cop beatin' a guy..." speech is all about the insignificance of the individual, and as if to prove his point, Steinbeck continues the story for quite a while after that but Tom (despite having been the main character up to that point) does not reappear.And stylistically, this is one of Steinbeck's worst...it could be described as faux-Hemingway---lots of awkward sentences, unnecessary repetitions of words rather than using pronouns, etc.  But it actually reads more like Socialist realism than anything else.  It has a lot in common with some stuff put out by the Union of Soviet Writers under Stalin around that time.  East of Eden is much better written, though Steinbeck is still using some techniques he seems to have learned from writers like Kataev.I did a bit of research after finishing this, and it looks like Steinbeck actually joined and had further involvement with the League of American Writers, which was set up by the Communist Party USA in 1935 in sympathy with the Union of Soviet Writers putting its policy of controlling and censoring the output of authors into effect the year before. Anyway, enough was known here about what was going on under the Soviet system by the time he wrote The Grapes of Wrath that he couldn't have had any honest excuse for glorifying it like that.I suspect that the only reason The Grapes of Wrath is considered such a great classic is that it was heavily pushed by the press which was highly sympathetic to communism in this country at the time of its release, and because of the movie version with Henry Fonda.  People like to pretend that Steinbeck wrote books like this for "the common man", but the truth is it's incredibly patronizing and condescending; he really wrote it for wealthy intellectuals like himself to feel better about themselves.  As someone who's in the working class himself (but doesn't intend to stay there his whole life), I think if I ever met Steinbeck I would have slapped his face, because The Grapes of Wrath is basically a slap in mine.
The book has a very interesting topic however is just a compilation of entertaining real stories, with no scientific or technical explanation.  It is very repetitive. The conclusion just summarizes each chapter, no added value.  Too expensive just to know some interesting ways statistics are used.
because if I rolled my eyes any more at the absurdity of this book they would have fallen out! Where to begin? The Ann Ricean purple prose (hey, I don't believe "snarky" was used in the 19th century). The bizarre backstories of the two protagonists -- Simion, the hillbilly wunderkind with the alcoholic, fire and brimstone preachin', slap-happy pappy who was rescued and refined by the compumptive (yes, I said compumptive) Yalie schoolteacher; and Doriskos, the baby who was bought as "souvenir of my Greek vacation" by an English lord. Oh, did I mention that each was astonishingly beautiful? (Of course, this is a romance novel!). Anyway, Simion grows up to be a precocious drama queen, while "Dori" becomes someone who would today probably be diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome and who was a borderline pedophile (Simion was described as looking 14 at 17 years old).What really bothered me about this book was the premise that it was okay for a naive 17 year old to be drawn into a suffocating relationship with a man 14 years his senior who was possesive and jealous to the point of beating his lover then attempting to rape him.
Maybe this story has simply become dated over the years because it didn't have the impact on me that I expected.  This certainly isn't on the level of Huck Finn, To Kill A Mockingbird, Life of Pi, nor even The Tale Of Depereaux, but it is different than anything else I've read.  Perhaps the appeal of this book is that it's written from the perspective of  a teenager, in stylized teenaged writing, about teenaged issues.  This could be one of those books that appeals more to a specific audience of those going through puberty than it does to the general reader.  Still, Holden Caulfield seems like more of a whiner than a cynical adolescent to me.Reading this book is like being stuck in an elevator with a sixteen year old boy for the duration.  It might make for a good psychological study of that particular insanity that teenagers go through as their brains develop in the presence of an overdose of hormones, but as a story it lacks a plot.  This is about a kid wandering aimlessly through his life, such as it is, both literally and existentially.  It could theoretically give aid and comfort to those teens in a similar situation, but I can't imagine it helping me much when I was that age.  The main character is supposed to be a young radical, smoking and drinking despite being underage, but it all seems much too tame in these modern times.I suppose that the moral of the story is supposed to be that everyone undergoes these psychotic teenage episodes, even the preppies.  However, this point is made in a monotonous, rather repetitious and boring manner as our young angster wanders about NYC looking to rutt, having just been kicked out of yet another fancy boarding school.  If the rich kids have these same problems then maybe we should all stop feeling sorry for ourselves and think about poor Richard Cory.  It's all just a little too ham-handed for me and it really bothers those kids who really were cool and all to have to listen to those who just think they are.  Sometimes I just say crazy stuff like that, I'm a madman sometimes, I really am.
The book glosses over a lot of computation details for performance equations and does not provide good relevant examples in the book.  The exercises at the end of every chapter are not relevant to the material covered in the book itself.  The reason being is because the authors of the book were separate from the authors of the questions, which is why the questions don't mirror the book's material.  I feel like the questions themselves are good questions to ask students, but the book does not adequately explain all concepts that the questions demand, because there are some nontrivial questions in there.  The CD that comes with the book and the MIPS reference sheet are pretty useful though.
This book is about investment bankers at Salomon Brothers in the 1980's who are portrayed as spoiled crooked kids that were creating and exploiting inefficiencies in the capital markets to enrichen their firm and themselves.The educational and really interesting parts of this book could have been boiled down to 10 pages, max. The rest is filled with tales of office pranks and squabbles and the author's attempts at poetically describing the atmosphere at an investment bank through colourful descriptions of people and stories that aren't really that interesting. The book is largely fluff. Sorry to be so harsh.I would instead recommend Fortune's Formula by William Poundstone, which, to me at least, is much more exciting and educational.
The narrator, Ollie, is suffering from various mental problems exacerbated by voluntary as well as involuntary intakes of drugs. In the first half of the novel we find him returning from London to his native Sligo in Ireland, where his own confused narrative is made even more muddled by the locals speaking a kind of English that isn't really "sloppy", as some reviewers have claimed, just a strong dialect. The author's decision to leave out speech marks does its best to add to the intentional lack of clarity. Furthermore, Ollie has flashbacks to his time in London and some nasty experiences that are only very vaguely hinted at. Clearly, the intention is to build up some dramatic tension, but it really only works as an annoyance that distracts from what is otherwise a friendly and humorous description of a local Irish community full of sweet, quirky and rather innocently dysfunctional people, as the Irish like to see themselves.Many Irish people also like to see the English as a bunch of crooks and bandits, who know nothing better than to harass and discriminate against Irish citizens. Such images dominate the second part of the novel, a long flashback where Ollie, then in his early or mid twenties, travels to late 1980s London to find employment. He is drawn into a mysterious murder case and falls out with a gang of English brutes, led by a man called Silver John. Towards the end of the novel, at a costume party, Ollie's younger brother falls out with Silver John's bodyguard Scots Bob, and Scots Bob pours petrol over Ollie's brother and sets fire to him. Scots Bob, incidentally, isn't really a Scot (had he been, he would probably be all right), but has just lived there for some time and is now a dedicated enemy of all things Celt.The storyline is littered with inconsistencies, dark areas, contradictions and illogical behaviour by nearly all the characters, as is pointed out by Scots Bob's nasty English defence lawyer towards the end of the story when he cross examines Ollie (referring scornfully to the ROI as "The Irish Free State", as though it were still pre 1949). To an outsider it would look as though Ollie is a liar through and through, only we who are familiar with his own presentation of the events know better, the moral lesson being that life is much more complicated and coincidental than the kind of stringently logical world view some people are trying to force the rest of us into.As such, this is a story about coming off age. In a dream Ollie has a third eye, a child's eye, in the middle of his forehead through which he sees the world. He is a person who hasn't really grown up, and perhaps doesn't have the mental capacity to do so. In that way, he represents all the people we meet in the early part of the novel, in Ireland, and the conflict between the world of the Irish and the English becomes synonymous with a struggle between childish innocence and the cruel realities of growing up and learning to govern yourself rationally in a brutal world.In other words, this is serious and ambitious literature open to several layers of interpretation, and I wouldn't for a moment suggest anything other than that Dermot Healy is a truly gifted writer. However, in my opinion this novel partly shoots itself in the foot by attempting, at least in its framework, to be too many things at one time: a piece of regional narrative and a crime story, even a courtroom drama, with more than just a few James Joyce inspired ramblings thrown in for good measure. The drawing on old cliches about both the Irish and the English is only acceptable if we take them as symbols for something else, as already suggested, and the novel's attempt to make serious fiction more appetising by mixing in elements of pulp literature isn't entirely successfully carried out - rather, it ends up sitting itself between a number of chairs. And to cap it all off, the lack of speech marks, and sometimes even crucial commas, is plain annoying and not really indicative of a narrator claimed to possess four 'A' levels.
You must read the &quot;cheese&quot; book, all young hip business dudes spout &quot;cheesisms&quot; shortly before they race after the next big thing.  Not to say my generation didn't think &quot;What Color is My Parachute?&quot; was big. But we read books with a certain, old fashioned, grain of salt. We had to swallow bestsellers like Jonathan Livingston Seagull, after all. We are not the kind to take to a parable like WMMC? Still, you don't want to miss out on what everyone's talking about. Egads, what if someone asked you about the cheese and you thought they were talking cheddar? Or Brie?Duck: Here's comes a retro notion.Everyone knows the cheese is in motion but running after it isn't the only answer. Sometimes, careful, thoughtful reflection allows others to whip themselves into a frenzy while you wait for the trends to even out.  Those poor mice who scurried from traditional companies and jumped on the e-bandwagon, are slinking back, one by one. The &quot;Cheese&quot; book didn't cause the revolution, it spun the wheels. The last dot.com dude I wished well, had his &quot;Cheese&quot; book clutched tightly in his arms and that glazed, Omigod, don't leave me behind, look.Moral of the story? Sometimes, even mice with the cheese figure out, it's just cheese.Buy it and save it for proof you survived the e-madness. At least, it will be proof you were there.
I regularly read books about the 'great' wars, and looked forward to this one because the concept of what soldiers carried into battle was intriguing.  For the first 20% of the book, this is what was covered.  Then, it moved into other war experiences, and the author does a great job of describing various life-altering situations; however, then he basically says:  &#34;The example I just gave?  It didn't really happen.&#34;  Or, he repeats the same example or phrase again and again.  By the last 20% of the book, I didn't know what was real and what wasn't, and overall found it very confusing.  I'd never recommend this to anyone.
This is a tedious tale.  The narration is so deadpan that I couldn't care about the narrator or anyone else in her story. It's a sad life and nothing very interesting happens. No insights or lessons learned, no joy.
I used to think the Brethern was the worst book that Grisham ever wrote, but I now think The Summons is. I don't know if he's lost his touch or he's just too busy making money to care--people keep buying his books anyway. There are no twists in the plot, while Ray and his brother, Forrest, are shallow and unsympathetic. When I was whining about the book the other day, my husband asked me, &quot;Why do you continue buying this guy's books?&quot; I think I keep hoping he'll get his old flair back.
It's nice that this book is available in Spanish; however, I find the choice of wording and the translation in Spanish rather awkward.  I'd prefer a translation that used simpler wording and flowed more readily off the tongue.  After all, this is a children's book.
It was confusing and poorly written.  I have heard that this author is popular, but after reading this book, I struggle to understand why.
What can be said that hasn't already been said but what the heck does building a library of leg bricks have to do with NXT?  This author is a hack himself, THIS BOOK HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH hacking with NXT, Do not waste a dollar!
I was dating a woman who swore this was the best book ever. I read it and it was terrible. It was up there with the Twilight series for all time worst waste of paper ever. If you want good historical fiction not the &#34;lust in the dust&#34; trashy romance that this was try reading  &#34;The Adventurer&#34;, &#34;The Wanderer&#34;, or &#34;The Dark Angel&#34; by Mika Waltari instead.
The other reviews said it all.  This book is detailed and thorough, but is practically impossible to learn from because there are not enough examples, and there are no answers to the problems!  You can get selected solutions on the website, but even with the answers, it can often be very difficult to figure out how to do the problems.I'm on Amazon.com right now because I'm desperately seeking other books that will help me pass my Logic Design class...
If you are a newbie in testing for A+, do NOT count on this book, let alone the supposed practice tests on the CD!!! I just took the "Essentials" test TODAY, and at first wondered if they loaded the wrong one. SO many of the things Meyers tests on ARE NOT EVEN COVERED on the actual exam! He emphasises CPUs, RAM, and the structure/function of microprocessors. I was astounded at how little of those topics were tested. And some of the questions were truly WTF ones....just ODD. I had carefully gone through the entire book, and had done all the practice tests numerous (5 or more) times, refining the ton of information as I went. I was getting 100% on the test yesterday. Luckily, I went into the test (my first certification test) with a reasonable degree of skepticism, and so was able to adjust my expectations and approach when I realized I was not nearly as prepared as I had believed from using Meyer's book. I did pass, but not by much. I spoke with the test provider (local one where I tested) and they said they keep hearing that from people. So for the other test "Practical Application", I will be purchasing SOMETHING ELSE! The book is a great for information and learning, but DO NOT count on it as adequate prep for the 701/702 tests!
What a terrible book !  Almost an unintentional parody of the business self-help genre, with catchy acronyms, a process (training in which is sold by the authors, of course),self-important diagrams  and little over-generalized situational "nuggets".  It's sad that business feels it has to resort to charlatans of this ilk.
Don't be taken in by this book and the people who love it.  It's 45 minutes of reading time that you'll never get back!The main themes of this story are (1) all men are ultimately controlled by henpecking wives and neighbors (cute huh?), (2) it's impossible to skip christmas (how could you even think such a thing?), (3) neighbors actually care whether you put a plastic frosty on your roof or not, and (4) christmas isn't christmas unless you have a turkey and all the traditional trappings...That is all I have to say.
Did I give in to prurient fascination? The writing is the scariest thing about this book. I still find Lorraine Warren fascinating but most of the book is a blow by blow transcript of Ed Warrens blathering.
for what seemed like weeks!  I can hardly believe it could be &quot;abridged&quot;; Boyle said everything he had to say at least three times anyway.  And then, it just stopped.  Very poor ending.Started out interesting, but just went on and on and on with nothing happening with the exception of the occasional natural disaster.  We got the point real early.  Illegal immigrants are good, just want work and are treated like dirt.  Yuppies are self-serving, materialistic, greedy, etc.  And furthermore, their efforts to &quot;protect&quot; themselves are pointless anyway.  Look what happened to the wall and the gate...It got really boring...
The index in this book is appalling.  The index is 95% function listings.  How do I do search and replace on strings?  If I don't know the name of the function that does it (the very reason I checked the book), then I'm out of  luck.Also amusing is the egregious cut'n'paste error on the page  explaining the CD-ROM, where they refer to the licensing for the Core Java  Web Server CD-ROM.  Ooops!
After reading The Deep End of the Ocean, I have set a high standard for Jacquelyn Mitchard. Unfortunately, this book feel far short of that standard.The heroine of the book, True, is a very successful woman raising a son and running a very profitable business. Her husband died many years ago and she has crafted a family for herself from the competent employees she surrounds herself with as well as her mother who lives in her guest house. The introduction of a much younger man into her small town complicates her life and she finds herself caught up in a whirlwind romance with him which leads to a very sudden marriage.The problems? True never believes herself worthy of Hank. She is jealous to an extreme and constantly belittling herself. I don't know why Hank stayed with her more than a week. I knew I was supposed to be rooting for them to have a happy, long life together but True convinced me she didn't deserve happiness either.
I  assumed that "Tales of a Shaman's Apprentice"  was going to tell us about apprenticeship, by a Westerner, to a rain forest shaman.  Well I suppose this was a bit naive of me - rather, this book describes a foray, by a sponsored "ethnobotanist"  (which is a code word for scientists typically sponsored by pharmaceutical industry, who case the globe for pharmacologically active substances; they've had many success stories, such as the yew tree used to treat ovarian cancer) who went to the Amazon to engage indigenous shamans and learn from them the recipes that could be used in the West following extraction of biologically active ingredients.  The "apprenticeship" seems to be a form of double-speak designed to attract buyers.  I don't like that.I don't want to engage in the debate of whether and under what circumstances such behaviour is ethical or not.  It is my understanding, however, that in most cases the shaman "recipes" are inextricably linked to his "power" and the cosmology of the specific tribe he belongs to.  Thus they may be, or they may be not, utterly ineffective in other hands.As Plotkin "searches for new medicines in the rain forest"  he indeed plonks into some humorous situations.  Whether these can be seen as a hero's journey well that is for the reader to decide for herself. In my case, I expected a book about Amazon spirituality. Unfortunately there are no - seriously, nada - insights about shamanism or entheogenic plants. What I got was glamorizing of a bioprospector story working for the pharmaceutical industry.I do think this book fits well within a wider discourse of bioprospecting and the cultural and spiritual dialogue that is taking place as we speak between the Indians and non-Indians in the Amazon basin. It has nothing, nothing to do with shamanism. Or apprenticeship. The title is pure deception.
... when Boyle goes to such lengths to create complex characters and then, for deadline's sake or waning interest, turns them (especially Delaney) into stereotypes by the book's abrupt end.  And the ending is just Boyle washing his hands of the whole business.  Bah!--don't waste your money for this cheat of a novel.
The story had a slow start, it was hard to follow the author's train of thought; I kept reading for a while longer but it didn't improve.  Needless to say, it went into the discard box!
This book is so boring that I am wondering how anyone could even finish reading it. Maybe it's hard to make the subject interested to read in a text book. If you want to read on your own to get some wisdom on software engineering, pass this one. If your professor picked it for class, that's another story.
I better understood how to use mySQL after reading this book since it focused on mySQL and XML (which I haven't bothered to read yet) separately from using PHP3 to program database applications. Good section on an  existing application &quot;phpMyAdmin&quot;. Found a good discussion on php  datatypes, which as a programmer I seldom read. There's a chapter on  regular expressions which is useful. But MOST of PHP3 isn't discussed at  all. I was disappointed. Even the reference at the back gives only function  names, not even the parameters.Buy this book only if you must have a  php3 book and also want to learn about mySQL.
Well, this book ended up not being what I was looking for.  There are actually three reasons why it was a real chore for me to finish reading this book.First, some of the advice in this book just struck me as being weird.  For example, it advises parents to time out themselves when they feel stressed.  Some ways in which they can do that are to leave the area where their child is and go to their "special place" where they can relax, for example locking yourself in the bathroom.  Another alternative is to listen to music.  If you can't escape the area where your child is, then another alternative is to recite poetry to yourself.  As a father, I didn't find any of this advice very useful.Second, I felt that the tone of the book was condescending.  It seemed that the author writes in a style in which she imagines that you have no idea what you are doing as a parent.  She writes almost as if she were talking to children.  I would have prefered a less condescending style of writing.Third, and this is a minor quibble, the book is filled with random pictures of children.  I like children, but I'm not particularly interested in paying a few extra dollars for a book because it is padded with about 20 pages of random pictures.  The pictures don't inform or illustrate any of the situations discussed in the book.  Actually I felt bad for some of the children, for example poor Amelia, who is pictured next to the section on biting even though she is not biting anyone in the picture or even threatening to bite anyone.  I hope that she isn't branded as a biter just because the author had a third of a page that needed to be filled.By looking at some of the other reviews, it seems that this author has her fans, and that is fine.  Not everyone will be served equally by the same book.  If you could find some value in it, I'm glad of it, but this didn't help me at all.  If you're considering buying this book, think carefully about what you are looking for in this type of book and choose wisely.
It's much too "post-metafictional" for me, this Elizabeth Costello character who knows everything about our main character.  I waited for her appearance with bated breath, having read other reviewers here and hoping her arrival would give the narrative a much needed jolt of electricity.  But no.I miss the South African nuances of the old Coetzee.The new Coetzee writes about --  a man who is losing his physical and emotional capacities and imagines he is in love with his caregiver?  Hello?  Have we not heard this plot 10 million times before?  Or did it just start with Anna Nicole Smith?  Endlessly ruminating about one's sad fate is also not a new thing.
I downloaded the database and chapter files and installed the database.  But the chapter files do not seem to work.  Every project/report file complains about not being able to find component files.  The install instructions in the download do not address where or how to install the chapter files and I think the directory structure you choose has to be exactly what  the author had on his pc.  Also, I get messages from BIDS/Studio complaining about version issues.  I really don't know what to do.  There may be simple solutions, or there may not.Of course, help is not provided by the book or the install instructions.  The book is of questionable use without a functioning install.
James Patterson will destroy this series if he and coauthor release any more garbage like 10th ANNIVERSARY. This book was especially disappointing because the 9th JUDGMENT was a great book and one of the best.The 9TH JUDGMENT featured an evil killer targeting mothers and babies and also a jewelry thief caught up in a murder. There were thrilling chapters from the killer's point of view and the two mysteries were linked an a thrilling fashion.In this book, Patterson goes back to a formula from a few earlier books. He introduces three different mini-plots. None of them are tied together and none of them are original. Reading a book with 3 mini plots is like going to see a summer blockbuster at theater and they show a Law and Order episode instead.There are 3 lame plots. A 15 year-old girl is found wandering the streets. She claims to have delivered a baby and can't remember anything about it. Lindsay Boxer launches a frantic search to discover what happened to the baby and whether or not the girl is telling the truth.Also, women throughout the city are being raped, and not remembering a thing about it. Reporter Cindy Thomas takes the role of reporter/investigator to get to the bottom of it.Finally, Yuki, the DA, is prosecuting a woman suspected of killing her husband. But, surprise! She claims to be innocent.This book disappointed me because the stories were so unoriginal and uninspired. None of the characters were any real danger, except of the contrived nature.Patterson's writing style of not going into depth in any part of the story means that none of the three mini-stories have any depth or characterization. While it has the usual character development of the four women, this is one you might be better off skipping.
The protagonist of Don DeLillo's 1992 novel MAO II is Bill Gray, a novelist who made a big splash with his first two books, but has lived as a recluse for decades now while trying to finish a third. But the novel actually neither starts nor ends with Gray, for MAO II opens with a prologue depicting a mass wedding in New York's Yankee Stadium officiated by Unification Church head Sun-Myung Moon, and it ends in the chaos of the Lebanese Civil War with its myriads of factions.Though Gray invites a comparison with JD Salinger, his character is not a creepy eccentric, but an ordinary old man who has falllen victim to his perfectionist tendencies, unwilling to publish his new work in spite of numerous final drafts achieved over the years. He lives with his personal assistant Scott, who exerts a disturbing control over his employer, holding him back from releasing the work to the long-awaiting public because "the withheld work of art is the only eloquence left". The third member of the household is Scott's partner Karen, formerly a brainwashed proselytizer for the Moonies and still searching for a mission in life. The domestic tranquility of this menage &agrave; trois is broken by the arrival of Brita, a photographer focusing on authors who wants to bring Gray back into the public eye. Her visit to collect a few snapshots inadvertently sets in chain of events that ultimately draws Gray from his sleepy town in New York to the violence of the Levant.In writing MAO II, DeLillo is clearly preoccupied by three main ideas, set out repeatedly in the book due to his tendency to use his characters as mouthpieces for his own thoughts (the dialogue in DeLillo's books is always unrealistic in that real-life conversations are never like these particular rambling currents of thought, but each little element of the stream *is* something that we could hear from someone around us in the course of a day). These idea are that 1) in the 20th century, crowds of people became a powerful force for history, witness Mao's organizing of idealistic young students during the Cultural Revolution and the Lebanese militas of the novel's present day; 2) novelists no longer have the power to shake up society with provocative thoughts, as that has been usurped by terrorists, the real outsiders in our contemporary culture; and 3) the life of a successful author is not an easy one.DeLillo has always had his pulse on the contemporary culture and some of his insights are memorable. Take this voicing of the novel's second theme:"What terrorists gain, novelist lose. The degree to which they influence mass consciousness is the extent of our decline as shapers of sensibility and thought. The danger they represent equals our own failure to be dangerous ... There's too much everything, more things and messages and meanings than we can use in ten thousand lifetimes. Inertia-hysteria. Is history possible? Is anyone serious? Who do we take seriously? Only the lethal believer, the person who kills and dies for faith. Everything else is absorbed. The artist is absorbed, the madman in the street is absorbed and processed and incorporated. Give him a dollar, put him in a TV commercial. Only the terrorist stands outside. The culture hasn't figured out how to assimilate him."In the wake of 9/11, DeLillo's insight into terrorism and the media has only grown in power (and chillingly, he also repeatedly points to the World Trade Center towers in the novel's New York City scenes), so MAO II speaks to readers in that regard. However, I must say that I found this a great disappointment after enjoying DeLillo's previous two novels WHITE NOISE and LIBRA. Try as DeLillo might, the three themes never come together into a unified whole. Furthermore, the third theme, the difficulties a successful author faces, is never elucidated clearly enough that readers who are not themselves writers can get it. The whole thing is a mess, and among DeLillo's celebrated books of the 1980s and 1990s, MAO II is often justly passed over.
I'm not as experienced in developing "data models" as the author of this book, so it's entirely possible I'm missing out on something important. However, I have been developing data driven models for large businesses for over 7 years now. My data models may or may not be of "high quality," but from a business and engineering perspective, they're a smashing success. Every single one of them (a half dozen if you count a larval one presently under development) is still in operation, all at very large and complex businesses with massive data sets.That said, I found this book to be utterly useless, unactionable and without anything resembling a point. As a document of the ISO and "HQDM" standards it covers, it may be OK. I have no way of knowing. I look at ISO standards for software development techniques to be among the more useless inventions of the engineering profession. Of course, you need ISO standards for language and protocol design: I can't comprehend why you'd need one for something which abstractly sits on a database. The content of the book consists of flow charty things, weird diagrams and impressive sounding verbiage which, as far as I can tell, signifies nothing. Who would willingly purchase such a thing? Perhaps someone who wants an impressive looking volume on his shelf to intimidate visitors. Perhaps someone involved in ISO standard development. No ordinary member of the human race could possibly have such a use for the thing. The only use I've found for it is to give to a local bum, so he can sell it and use it to buy liquor: that's where it's going.Mind you, I try really hard to find something positive about the Vine products they send me. I generally give them a star just for showing up. This, as far as I can tell, is a sort of glorified turboencabulator, full of sound and fury and signifying nothing. Perhaps it is an elaborate practical joke, sent out to Vine reviewers in the engineering professions to see if they're paying attention (much like the turboencabulator was).
I read this book in high school.  I was told by the instructor and by subsequent &#34;authorities&#34; that the book would &#34;speak to me.&#34;  Well if it was speaking to me it must have been in gibberish.I found the book to be, at best, tedious and at worst boring.I found the protagonist to be, at best, totally involved in a one on one relationship with his pathetic and overbearing id.I am sure that there are people out there who found it to be absorbing, which says more about them than about the book.I didn't care about the protagonist and I still don't.  I think he needs to get over himself.And yes, I did read the book, it was a waste of my time, a waste of paper and ink and I resent the loss of the time that could have been spent on better items, like Dickens or Plutarch or Tolstoy.
I just finished reading this book. It was good in some parts but it got to be boring in others. There were too many characters, the storyline was confusing, and it jumped around too much. Most of the book was boring and I couldn't wait to put it down. I didn't care for it too much. Too Choppy, and I didn't really care for it..
This appears to be one of those books that one either &#34;gets&#34; or &#34;doesn't get&#34;.  People who like it rave about how it's a deeply layered, metafictional etc etc.  Others, like myself, view it as a self-indulgent, deeply frustrating hodgepodge whose ending is infuriating.There's a strain of modern writing and of modern criticism that says that nearly all storytelling is not really about the stories themselves but about the act of storytelling itself.  Viewed from this angle, Atonement makes a certain amount of metafictional sense: the main character is a precocious girl on the edge of adolescence who is obsessed with storytelling and who, we later learn, grows up to become a successful novelist.  The story line of Atonement then becomes the story of a future novelist telling the story of what made her a storyteller.  Circular enough for you?I guess part of my problem is that I don't like reading about writers writing about writers and their struggles to write about the importance of writing.  In a similar vein I find myself bored to tears watching actors talk about how important acting is.  I also am not so crazy about Hollywood movies about how incredibly interesting Hollywood is, and how great it is to be a Hollywood director.  Frankly, I find such narcissism nauseating.Stripped of the metafictional stuff, Atonement is the story of a self-indulgent girl who ruins the life of a blameless young man by falsely accusing him of a serious crime.  Because of her childish, narcissistic self-involvement coupled with her over-active (future novelist's!) imagination and her selfish refusal to recant her accusation in a timely manner, she causes incalculable damage to the lives of people around her.A big hunk of the rest of the novel seems -- and I emphasize the word &#34;seems&#34; -- to explore the protagonist's effort to undo the damage that she caused as a youngster.  However -- spoiler alert! -- at the end of the novel, we learn that all those chapters about her trying to undo the damage is itself fictional, even in the context of a fictional novel.  Instead, we learn, the only thing she did to atone for her sin is write the novel itself that we are holding in our hands.  But that's okay, says the novelist, because the act of writing is so transcendently important that the mere fact of storytelling trumps the selfish, destructive acts of years ago.  You see, Writing and Storytelling are so important that they are more important than repairing the damage one does to others' lives, and more important than earning the forgiveness of those one has wronged.At the end of all this self-indulgent claptrap, I found myself mystified.  Whose self-serving philosophy am I reading? Is it the novelist character Briony?  Or is it that of the real novelist, Ian McEwan?  I would like to think that the actual human writer, Mr. McEwan, sees through the navel-gazing nonsense and recognizes the inadequacy of the so-called atonement of the character.  However, I cannot help but feel that despite my wishes to the contrary, Briony's self-serving rationalization mirrors that of her creator, Mr. McEwan.
I really really tried to like Martin Misunderstood. I even listened to it about 3 times, hoping each time I'd enjoy it more than the last time. But sadly, nothing worked. I could not get into this story to save my life. I've been procrastinating big time on writing this review for that very reason.Martin Reed is just a normal, average, underrated guy. His life has completely stalled out, along with his dead end job as an accountant at Southern Toilet Supply. No one respects him, no one even particularly likes him. His only escape from his miserable existence and his nag of a mother is his passion for mystery novels.When strange things begin happening at work and his coworkers start ending up dead, Martin is finally the center of attention... as the prime suspect.Perhaps it is evidence of Karin Slaughter's writing skill that Martin comes across as so incredibly pitiful and pathetic. Unfortunately she does it so well that I hated Martin and couldn't believe anyone would have so bad of a life they'd go to the measures he does to stay in the limelight in the way he does.I definitely got the impression Slaughter was going for a twisted humor in this story. Either I have absolutely no sense of humor (which I find hard to believe) or the humor attempts are so far out there in Martin Misunderstood, that all I could do was roll my eyes at the sad attempt. I found nothing at all redeemable about the story or its characters I'm afraid. I can't wait to donate this one to the library and have it no longer taking up space on my book shelf.I do have to say however, Wayne Knight does a bang up job performing this book. He has a great sense of timing and has the perfect voice for each character's personality. It is only because of his performance that I even managed to finish this book. And he is the only reason I could possibly find to recommend Martin Misunderstood to anyone. Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2008. All rights reserved.
When it comes to money making e.fads (as daytrading is now seen) you need the absolute most accurate up-to-the-minute information available to succeed.  This book is simply none of the above.  Sorry.If you really want to know how to get started (or if you even should) go to one of the daytrading .coms and read their FAQ.  Their information will be the most up-to-daye around, and they might even offer advice that will help you get your finances in order before you start.
I read Outlander in 2 days and the others in 3-4 days. It has been weeks since I purchased this one, and I am yet to finish the book!The book gets needlessly bogged down in day to day details, the grisliest of which was Jamie and Claire stumbling upon this crippled guy and his abused wife in North Carolina. Brianna and Roger are big bores, and the whole Fraser entourage is quite mind numbing.Please Diana, give us back the old magic! Better yet, I recommend you finish this series in the next book (a much slimmer one, I hope) and start a new one!!- A sincere and long time fan.
First things first. Unlike other readers I do not abhor this book, but neither do I think it's the masterful satiric comedy almost everybody thinks is, including the Pulitzer comitee (I found myself smiling a lot throughout the book, but It didn't manage to make me raise a single laughter). Also, unlike other readers, I never start a book expecting to "relate" to the characters, plot or story, I'm quite comfortable with obnoxious, unpleasant, exaggerated, overtly egocentric, misanthropic, homophobic and mysoginous characters, and I'm quite comfortable also with shallow and trivial plots as long as there is great writing behind and a sense of purpose to the book.And that is exactly my biggest issue with the book, I felt JKT writing to be somewhat amateurish, like the author tries too hard to be ironic or sardonic, or hilarious, or imaginative, or shocking or even purposely disgusting, but in the end it gives you nothing and you are left with nothing from the read.I totally understand the novel is written in a way to match a satire or farse, even absurdist play, perhaps to mimic Ignatius Reilly obsessions with medieval literature; but in the end it leans a lot less towards Shakespeare, Cervantes and Chaucer and a lot more towards South Park and Family Guy (I'm in no way a big fan of purposely-moronic in-your-face situational humor).I really believe this would have been a good start for a promising author and we will never know how he would have evolved, but as far as this book goes, I don't see where all the reverence comes from.
I was extremely dissappointed to be reading the liberal version of these mens lives. The author makes some ridiculous claims and he omits very important aspects of these mens lives. He makes little mention of Carnegie's philanthropic endeavors like his promotion of public libraries. He accuses Ford of helping Hitler, "Hitlers's ability to cite such a prominent figure as having views similar to his could only have helped him."I have only red the chapters on the first three men and I am not sure if I am going to read the rest. This book should be titled "psychology of giants of enterprise" rather than "seven business innovators and the empires they built." The author barely talks about there actual business and ignores there philanthropy. Except for Carnegie in which he said, "Before we can understand how such a shrewd man could transform himself into a clown, it is worthwhile contemplating how Carnegie lived..." Talking about Carnegie's desire to promote peace "He was worse than a failure; he was a fool."The chapter with Eastman opens on his suicide and then he tries to explain why he committed suicide. I thought that I was going to get a book about great men and their business enterprises, but I got a psychological interpretation of these mens problems and struggles.
This book sets a poor example of behavior!! Way too negative for children! Stick with The Very Hungry Caterpillar for similar cute illustrations and toss this one in the trash!
If you are into Bismark, great, but if you are looking mostly for information about the incredible Bismark &#34;era&#34; in European history, this is not so good.  Very dry reading to the point that I was page skipping endlessly looking of a viable story line or historical perspective.  What can I say, it was on sale cheap.  In that context it kept me busy for $.99.
Save your money.  Go to your local used book store and get these books by GH for $.50 to $1.50 each.  Love the books.  Price is WAY, WAY TOO HIGH!
This book was very confusing. It goes from 1991 to 1968 to 1988 so on and so forth. I couldn't make sense of it.The story is about Henry DeTamble. He has Chrono-Displacement Disorder. It causes his genetic clock to reset. &quot;He finds himself misplaced in time, pulled to moments of emotional gravity from his life, past and future.&quot; He'll just disappear without warning.Then, there's Clare. She's met the future Henry in her past and he told her that they would be married.They meet again in 1991. Henry is 28 and Clare is 20. They fall in love.And then we go back and forth in time until nothing makes sense.Don't read this book. It's a waste of your time.
I am 1/3 of the way thru this book so my review is only of this first part.  Likely I won't finish it.  Let me explain.  First off, the book has a very weird start, like you are dropped down in the middle of a story.  She's talking about ice forming on a lake, in great detail, yet you don't know HOW she got there or why.  After the boring description of how ice is formed on a lake, then she tells you she got divorced and kicked out of her house so that's how she come to the woods.My problem with this author is she tried to rescue/tame a fox, was feeding the fox horsemeat--I'm a horse owner--this doesn't sit well with me--where did she obtain horsemeat in the first place, oh lover of nature?  When the fox is killed, she keeps the skinned fur in her house!  I just read a part where her dog corners a 2 year old bear that is semi-tame , in a tree.  She's "afraid" the bear will hurt her dog, so instead of just taking her dog away, she kills the bear. She's the one infringing on the bear's territory and seems to take some sort of arrogant pleasure in killing the bear.  When she went back to the cabin for her gun, why didn't she get a rope and put around her dog and move the dog away instead or make some attempt to get her dog from the scene? It's one thing if she was in fear of her life and it didn't sound like her dog was really in danger.She keeps talking about not polluting, yet she drives a gas powered boat on the lake that she supposedly isn't polluting.She seems to have a double standard about what is okay for HER to do, versus what is okay for OTHERS to do on "her" land.  I'm not at all impressed and doubt I could stand to finish this book.There were a few odd inconsistencies , such as WHO was taking pictures of her and her dog when they were supposedly alone hiking in the wilderness.I believe this book is purely a work of fiction--too many inconsistencies to be believable.
Sam is shocked when her husband decides he wants to divorce, even though she knew they had been growing apart for some time.  The news crushes her, and she deals with it by going to Tiffany's and spending $12,00.00 on things she doesn't really want.  Her husband's response is mild exasperation and a warning that he's moved most of the money out of the checking account where it will be safe.Are you kidding me?  Are these supposed to be real people acting this way?What follows is a series of events of unbelievable good luck as Sam alternates between feeling sorry for herself and acting absolutely crazy in a quest to be the perfect housewife and mother. A good example of the latter is when she cooks an entire Thanksgiving dinner, including a twenty-one pound turkey and several pies, although she is spending the day entirely alone.Despite her erratic behavior, Sam manages to find the perfect woman to move in with her--a grandmotherly woman who helps her recover from her heartache.  Sam also begins a series of temp jobs and meets a brilliant and sweet man who loves her enough to totally change himself for her.Throughout everything, Sam's husband continues to support her financially.  They don't fight over their son and her husband is even tolerant of Sam's crazy phone calls.If this is what divorced life is like, I'm surprised more women don't go for it.
If you want a textbook for your class that will appeal to all political persuasions, this is NOT the book for you. This textbook will only appeal to the most radical of the liberal left. Environmentalism is not restricted to any political orthodoxy, and therefore it shouldn't only address only the extreme radical left. We need unity in the environmental movement, not division, and this textbook only provides extremely biased information slanted towards the authors radically liberal point of view. If your professor is using this textbook, his only goal is to push his own radically liberal point of view on his students. Hopefully you will be able to read the textbook with an open mind and catch his biases.I was hoping to have a non-biased education about the environment as an environmentalist, but it seems I am being treated to a ultra-liberal propaganda. This book is actually painful to read if you are not an ultra-liberal. The author, Charges $170 for his textbook, and he wants to complain about poverty, and talk about helping the poor? What about the poor individuals who have to purchase this textbook for $170 as a required college textbook? Sounds a little hypocritical to me. Not to mention all the trees which must have been cut down to produce the garbage. This book is nothing more than a vehicle to push an ultra-liberal agenda.The book puts fourth the idea of Environmental Racism. As an example of this racism, the author suggests that Native American tribes are tricked into allowing toxic dumps on their land. Is this author saying that Native Americans are so dumb that they can be easily tricked into signing contracts that allow toxic waste to be dumped onto their land? Is he suggesting Native Americans are like children who don't know what a dump site is, and are somehow relieved of all responsibility because they were tricked into accepting the contract? Sounds a little racist to me! Who are these tricksters, and what methods did they use to trick the Native Americans? Why doesn't he anyone specifically when he speaks of the environmental racism he claims exists? He claims that many non-Whites in the US live in areas with high pollution, but what about the fact that in many neighborhoods the minorities currently reside in were once White neighborhoods? Even in Detroit, many areas were White areas before the automotive industry collapsed. Of course the author provides absolutely no proof of this racism.Has it ever occurred to the authors that "environmental racism" has nothing to do with race and everything to do with opportunity, and the fact that these places have less environmental regulation? Did the author ever consider the possibility that it may be related to money and not racism? As scientists, one would think the authors would be aware that correlation does not equal causation, but the seem to completely over look this fact when discussing environmental racism. So some of these areas may be non-White, but what else do they all have in common? Oh ya, they have less environmental regulation which means the company can save money, and companies only exist to make money, so which scenario is more probable? How would a company benefit by going to non-White areas to dump if they couldn't save money? The notion is silly on it's face! The only goal of the authors is to dish up a dose of White guilt and blame Whites for everything that is wrong in the world, while deflecting any responsibility for non-Whites. Why does the author give the countries which sign these contracts a free pass? After all, they are an equal participant.As for his definition of racism, where did he get this definition, and when he says racism is "prejudice with power", and what kind of power is he referring to? Again, the author fails to name anyone specifically. My Merriam-Webster's dictionary defines racism much differently and doesn't mention power at all.I would say this book is racist and anti-White to the core. The author tries to blame Whites for every ill of the world, yet he fails to name those who are directly responsible for his claims of racism. So who are these evil White folks who are responsible for all this Racism the author claims in his book?Although the author of the book tries to put a nice spin on the topic of immigrants to the US by saying "In a sense, the United States is fortunate to have a high influx of immigrants that provides youth and energy to it's population.". This is another ultra-liberal talking point, and it's interesting how he ignores the environmental impact on our water supply, food supply, etc. In addition, the author obviously has very little experience with the crime, social costs, and racism created by this massive influx of illegal immigrants, but he wouldn't want to offend a member of a minority group. Of course when it comes to White folks, he seems to almost enjoy pointing the finger. The costs to social services alone far outweigh any possible benefits of illegal immigration.Of course the author mainly focuses on social justice, which is clearly a liberal talking point and drives a nice big wedge into any unity over the environment. It's rather sad that ultra-liberals have highjacked the environmental movement and now use it as a vehicle to push their radical social agendas. This of course leads me to seriously question the motives of some environmentalists. I am an avid supporter the environment, some would even call me a liberal in this regards, but I have a very difficult time reading this authors liberal talking points. Should we apply social justice to college degrees as well and allow those who don't wish to work for a college degree have one? After all, they will probably need one in order to get a good job and get out of poverty! His idea of social justice is socialism, and the equitable distribution of goods to everyone, and it seems even to those who do nothing to contribute. Who in their right mind would work if they didn't have to? And in a world like that, who would produce the food and work so everyone else could sit on their butts and do nothing? Radical liberals have destroyed the environmental movement, and make even ardent environmentalists such as myself feel like revolting against environmentalists. Funny how liberals have become the most closed minded individuals who feel the need to push their narrow minded views onto the rest of us instead of opening their minds and building unity.Next, this wacky author supports the genocide of the Europeans people as he suggests that a decrease in the population of the US and Europeans would be better for the environment, than a decrease in population in non-European countries, but does he realize that the US and Europe feeds the majority of people around the world? Why not suggest that we stop feeding the rest of the world and instead focus on only feeding Europeans and U.S Citizens? I am sure this could also have a very positive effect on our environment as we would have to produce less. Once again, the author points the finger at White folks, which once again proves his Anti-White philosophy!This book pushes the idea that the author knows what is best for the world and other countries and tries to suggest ways we should help other countries. I want to coin a term here, environmental colonialism, which is the idea that we can go around the world and force our narrow environmental view onto other nations. It's the same as any other type of colonialism, except this time it's the liberals who think they have all the answers of the world and can therefore push these ideas onto the rest of the world. Another irony of the liberal environmental movement. What radical liberals are saying when they think they can help those people who are in poor countries or areas is that those people are too dumb or unable to help them selves. They are saying those people don't like the way they live, which may not be the truth. Radical liberals think they are so superior to everyone else and that they can go around the world and teach these dumber people how live the "right" way. This is exactly what they are saying when they say the Indians are too dumb to sign a contract for a disposal area on their land, or people in Africa don't know how to save themselves form their current situation and need the superior liberals to come in and teach them how to live like them. That is real racism.Of course liberals will love this book, but they are only preaching to the choir and weak minded who are unable to see through the propaganda. If the goal of your class is to educate your students about the environment in a non-divisive and political manner, this books isn't the one you should use.UPDATE 1:In chapter 12, the author suggests that the $36 million cost of helping our ranchers is a "massive cow welfare", yet when talking about giving money to the poor countries he never refers to it as "massive welfare" for the poor. Is this just another one of the authors hypocritical biases? Why does he have such a problem with money going to help our own ranchers, yet has no problem giving our money away to foreign countries? He suggest that it would take $135 billion to abolish extreme poverty chapter 1, BILLION! Not only does he never refer to it as welfare, but he also never uses the word massive, nor does it seem as if he is trying to somehow suggest it's a negative action, as he does when taking about the ranchers in the US.In chapter 14, the author sets his sites on miners. The author only focuses on destructive types of mining. For example, the author lumps all types of placer mining with the destructive method of mining that was outlawed a long time ago in California. The fact is, there are a lot of non-destructive methods of placer mining such as gold panning, nugget shooting (with metal detector), dry washing (doesn't even involve a river), sluicing, etc. But who cares about facts, we have a liberal agenda to push here. Mining = bad according to the author. What a tool this author is.The truth is, some types of placer mining are actually good for the environment. For example, take nugget shooters, those who use metal detectors to find gold. They not only fill back in their holes, they actually pick up and properly dispose of tons of garbage. There are are plenty of recreational miners who prospect for fun and who are environmentalist themselves. I have met many of them personally. Of course, the goal of the author is to push the idea of reforming the mining laws because he obviously isn't a miner nor enjoys the hobby of mining.In Chapter 19, in the discussion of nuclear waste, the authors racial superiority shows it face once again. On page 440, in the "Think About It" box it states the following:"Several Native American tribes have offered to store nuclear waste if the price is right. The Skull Valley Band of the Goshutes, for example, whose barren desert land west of Great Salt Lake in Utah, already is surrounded by hazardous waste dumps, believe their lives could improve with millions of dollars in revenue from nuclear waste storage. Would it be safe - or ethical - to let them do so? Do we have a right to interfere if they decide to proceed?"Once again the author seems to think that the Native Americans are too dumb to make their own decisions and feels the need to decide whether or not others should interfere with how the Native Americans use their own land. If this isn't a clear view into the mind of this bleeding heart racial supremacist, I don't know what is.
I just knew this book would intrigue me. The write-up on the back cover drew my interest, and the first page promised I'd get into the story.However, it never delivered. Even though this book had received good reviews, I could not find what they were based upon.About halfway through, I laid the book down and never went back to it. A shame.Rent it from the library or borrow it from a friend if you are intrested. I wouldn't purchase it.It's a boring, plodding-along tale. Nothing of consequence happens to keep the reader turning the pages.
In praise of Crichton's new book, I can say that it was fun to read, but not much else.  It's very obvious from the writing that he did quite a bit of research into the Middle Ages, but there's very little that would be new information to anyone who's taken any European history course.  The quantum theory he uses to justify what is essentially a form of time travel is based in fact, but fantastic descriptions littered with meaningless jargon place the process well outside the boundary of reality.  The plot devices he uses are old and threadbare, and the characters are stereotypical to an absurd degree.  He did keep the plot moving, however, and taken as nothing more than a typical action book, it was a decent read.
A lackluster dystopian fiction, about what may happen in the future in a free country such as the US, if ruled under an authoritarian facist regime, where citizens behaviors get closely monitored and women lives are subjected to the will of the State. the story is dull, and told under a monotonous, first person monologue, that of the Handmaid. The editorial reviews promised a level of drama, mystery and intrigue, I did not experience in any chapter of this tale.
I've been looking for adult, intelligent mystery writers so some time now, and thought this one sounded interesting. It disappointed because it was too sophomoric. Girls and romances, with a bit of simple police work thrown in..
Holy Moses. This has got to be the most convoluted, complex, confusing diet plan ever created. If you have hours to spend trying to figure this out, or months to spend on detailed, finely tuned and precisely laid out meals ....... Then go for it. I read the reviews of people who love this plan, and who claim you can tailor it to your own meals, and I say, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT. I am glad it works for them. I should have listened to the negative reviews.The Fat Loss Code that this book "breaks" is basically CARB CYCLING. And you can find WAYYYYYYY simpler books on Carb Cycling than this one. I Recommend "CARB CYCLE" by Franco Carlotto. It is the same premise, but so much simpler. Plus this Carlotto guy has won "Mr World Fitness" several years in a row and looks CUT. I believe this guy. If he says his plan works .... I believe him. What sold me though is his plan's simplicity. So if you want the same Carb Cycling deal this book espouses, but easier, try Franco's book. I didn't know where to start on this "break the fat loss code" book, but on Franco's book, I already lost 5lbs in 2 weeks. So I'm happy with it. Plus Franco gives you Sundays off - he calls Sunday, "Funday". Okay, he's not a comedian, but if I can eat pizza and ice cream on Sunday, I don't care. So anyway, that's my personal opinion. Take it for what it's worth. :)
This author's opinion is worthless. here is my all time list:1- Magic2- Bird3- Jordan4- Chamberlain5- Oscar RobertsonAny list without Magic and Bird at 1&2 has no value. Scouts and GM's agree almost universally on this.This guy wrote a book and should have instead posted it on a website!
I bought the Kindle version with the expectation that someone new to copy writing could learn something from the book. I am hugely disappointed. The crash course on copy writing is bare bones and general to the point of useless.Here's step 1 in what the book says about 'Before You Write'. "Gain first hand knowledge of your product or service. Do a little research to get your facts straight. Get your data from current sources of information (marketing fact sheets, product managers, recent copy).If it is the kind of product you can hold in your hands (or read, or taste, or listen to), go right ahead. Live with it for a while and get a feel of it. Then look at the product or service as if you were the customer. What features and benefits would attract you as a prospective customer?"That's it. I was hoping for something a little more beyond the obvious.The rest of the book is a list of descriptive words and phrases. Under teasers, it includes phrases like, 'Free', 'Absolutely Free', 'As seen on TV' and 'prices slashed!'.You don't need the book for these phrases. Turn on the TV and sit down with a notepad and the next five minute block of commercials. You'll get all these phrases and more for "FREE".
I couldn't even finish it. I was so boring. I just put it aside and listened to something else that would be worthy of my time.
I read this novel shortly after reading East of Eden and maybe that's why I give a harsh star treatment (I like E of E much more).The story is a strange intertwining of nature, religion, sacrifice, and nature that I'm surprised has not garnered more interest of late due to the present society's obsession with the environment and man's relation to it.Whereas I found East of Eden to be transparent (which I like), To  a God Unknown is much more opaque. East of Eden motivated me to read more Steinbeck but I have to say this book disappointed me.
The Deitels approach the subject of learning to program in the Java language with all the joy of learning typewriter repair and maintenance. The book reads like a volume on appliance repair with tiny font and cookbook instructions. It is unfortunate that because of its title "How to Program" that instructors choose this thing as a textbook for their courses. If you have to use this book as a textbook for a class, the instructions will correctly tell you how to write programs, but you will get no feel for the language or its possibilities. In the end, this book will turn you into someone who programs by rote memory versus someone who programs with any insight into what you are doing. Might I suggest you supplement this book with the Core Java books by Horstmann and Cornell. Their books are far more readable and instructive, and might I add far cheaper. "Head First Java" is another excellent choice, especially for absolute beginners. I fear that some books by the Deitels, and this one in particular, remind me of an old saying "You might not get what you pay for but you will never get what you don't pay for." This book is an illustration of the first part of that old saying.
This book was a waste of my time.  I've never written a review here before, but I feel the need to warn you all.  I don't know why people were slobbering all over themselves to hype this book, but don't believe a word of it.  It never connected with me at all.  None of the characters were believable, and none earned my sympathy.  The inner dialogues were confusing and seemed a bit off, at best.  In a book in which only 1 thing really happens, this dialogue is the most important part of the book and must be executed flawlessly.Joyce and Proust are confusing at times, but also succeed wonderfully at capturing this inner life that we all lead.  And this success is what creates the connection between the reader and the books that those authors wrote.  McEwan, in my opinion, tried in many places to achieve a similar result.Unfortunately, there is no connection with the reader.  The actions the main characters take seem without any reason, and without any recognizable motive - and this seems a failure rather than a point McEwan is trying to make.  This failure is magnified by dialogue that is forced and seems pointless.  While I respect his high ambitions, in this case it ends in spectacular failure.  His failure to connect results in an apathy that I have not felt in reading a book for some time.For those of you who insist on reading the book, read up until the incident where Cecilia jumps into the fountain.  McEwan never makes the reader care about that vase, never makes the reader care about Cecilia, and never makes the reader care about Robbie.  The whole scene, much like the book as a whole, just never rings true.  People don't act, think, or talk as Mr. McEwan describes and his book fails as a result.
Mind gym seemed to be a conglomeration of the same thoughts other authors have had reapeatedly. Nothing new in this one for the mind or the soul. Slow read.
After reading this book, the name "Diana Wynne Jones" became synonymous with "unreadable garbage."  I remember that my brother first checked it out from the library because it looked scary (don't judge a book by its cover).  It wasn't.  There wasn't much suspense, the characters were shallow and most of their motives, ideas, and feelings were unclear.  Why didn't anyone disagree with the wholesale slaughter of the people?  Another of the book's unsolved mysteries.The writing was meant to be light-hearted and humorous (I think) but to me it felt immature and silly.  The reason that books are published is to teach people not only about their lives but also about language!  It was actually frightening how Jones managed to make her writing seem juvenile.As for the plot, well, let's just say that I was yawning half way into the book.  The reader was dropped into an alien world without the smallest explanation of the creatures, world, government, or location.  This is not a good way to open a book.I also read "Year of the Griffin" (didn't realize it was the sequel until too late) and "the Merlin Conspiracy."  I wish I could say that these books were better than "Dark Lord of Derkholm" but if I did I'd be lying.  If anything, they were even more shallow, more random, and more thrown together than this one seemed.  Just like in DLoD, the plot was hastily resolved by throwing in a few untterly random and unknown names places and connections and a smiley face was glued on.My only suggestion is this: don't read it.
well, i was pretty disappointed for the first 300 pages or so.  then, i couldn't put the book down.  it was very slow at first with a very wordy dialogue.  however, when i got through about 3/4's of the book, it picked up like a whirlwind and proved to be a lot of fun and worth trudging through til the end.sophy started with a simple &quot;fib&quot; to keep her mum happy.....and then it spiraled out of control.  she couldn't stop the charade and it finally stopped her.  it was a bit much with all of the sidestepping she and josh did throughout(for a LONG time).  i was happy with the last 1/4 of the plot.  the ending made it fun.her sister, belinda, had a great twist.  and......blood is thicker than water.don't let the slow, wordy beginning stop you from finishing this read.
The book is VERY interesting, but in an academic sort of way. If you are looking for anything of practical value, look elsewhere.The author has done a lot of work - he collected an extensive (and expensive) historical database of minute-by-minute option prices, and then did an impressive analysis of this historical data. He presents relatively clearly the results of this data mining.The main finding are that "pinning" occurs routinely on expiration day (not a big surprise anyway, and you get no hint how to guess to WHICH strikeprice the pinning will occur, which is THE whole point) and that there seems to be a pattern as to how an option's prices goes to its intrinsic value (if any)over the course of Expiration Thursday and Friday.However, this is about it.There is some  vague and general discussion how the results show that it SHOULD be possible to have some edge when trading on the day of expiration and 1 day previously, but no clear strategy emerges.It sounds intuitively appealing that on the last two days before expiration options fair-pricing algorithms can get a little out offocus - just enough for you to exploit. Sadly, this book does not show you how to get this edge.It shows examples that purport to show how the author got an edge trading in the past, but does NOT even spell out clearly which strategies are used.By reverse-engineering the examples given, I derived 6 strategies the author used:- ATM short straddle- Just-OTM Straddle- Ratio-Call (2x and 3X)- OTM ratio call (3x)- Long Straddle).I built two excel models, one for Expiration Friday, and one for Expiration Thursday, where I cut-and-paste the options prices on these two days at various times of the day, and the model then analyzes all combinations for of the 6 strategies I derived from the text and calculates the result of applying these strategies along the lines the book recommends : open a position around 10am, AND CLOSE IT AROUND 2pm-3pm;Sadly I have to report that after trying this for a few months on about 3-5 shares, I found no useful strategy - typically, IF I could guess in advance which strike prices to use, I could get an edge, but there is no pattern that i could find as to which of the 6 strategies would win with which combination of stike prices.(and if I COULD guess which strikes will be "correct" to make for which strategy, I could win on any day, using any strategy ... )For example, on a recent expiration Friday I collected all option prices for AAPL, and analyzed for all 6 strategies:Strategy  -->  Winning Combination of Strike prices===========  ===============================================ATM short straddle -->  Wins for strikes starting One "notch" below ATM and going up to 3 notches above ATMJust OTM Straddle -->  Same as above (not surprising - for these strikes, this is the same strategy)3x Ratio Call  -->  Wins for buying a call at 1-3 strikes below ATM and selling 1-3 strikes above ATM2X Ratio Call  -->  Same as above (at this strikes, it IS the same strategy)OTM ratio Call  -->  Same as above (at this strikes, it IS the same strategy)Long Straddle  -->  Wins for strikes 1-3 below ATM on both legsSo, to win, you have to (1) Correctly select the strategy from the above 6 possibilities and (21) select the correct combination of strike prices to use.If you can do that then You are smarter than me and probably rich enough to not be reading this review anyway ...Another problem, mentioned by another reviewer also, is that Fees and Bid/Ask spreads are ignored - and they are NOT negligible:The typical "win" is on the order of $0.30-$0.40.A round-trip (buy & Sell) fee for a 2-leg position is on the order of $25 (e.g. $12.95 is the minimum fee at OptionsXpress).For a 10-contract position, assuming I win $0.50 per share, the total win will be $500, and just the fees are 5% of that.So - you will have to trade LOTS of contracts, which is not a recommended situation for Risk-management. (A 10 contractposition on a $20 stock is already a $20,000 position)Bid-Ask Spreads  make this  much worse, and larger positions will not fix them. Assume a bid/Ask spread of $0.25 (not a rare thing) and assume you willbe able to open the position at about mid-point of this, but when you close, you have to pay at the bid/ask (and remember you are closing late in the dayof expiration Thursday or Friday, where even the author says Bid/Ask spreads are likely to widen). So, a round-trip (open/close) will cost you about 50%of the Bid/Ask spread. in this example, this means it costs you about $0.125 per share - leaving you only $0.375 from the $0.50 you were hoping to gain.Add the two effects together, and you find that if all goes well, you will get $350 out of what was supposed to be $500 gain - and again,this is *IF* all goes well ...---I'd give it 3 stars on research quality and interest, but Given the above, I find the title (and the blurb) misleading, and am docking it one star.Bottom line - Academically interesting, but not practical.
Gore Vidal loved the book and so do almost all the other reviewers here. What a bore (hmm, the towns all have female names, significant?). I also just read "If On A Winter's Night A Traveler..." More engaging but.... A clever but, for me, an insubstantial author. I hesitate to read his "The Baron In The Trees".You lovers of his work: Can you actually recall more than three descriptions of the cities? And are the descriptions anything like what you'd apply to cities you've known?  (Yes I know its fantasy but they have no ring of truth to them.)
There are 4 characters in the first part of this book, the first two are mindless rodents and the second two are &quot;little people.&quot; All 4 characters spend their lives hunting cheese in a maze. The characters that are set forth to be imitated are the mindless rodents. If you still don't get the picture than you probably belong in a maze chasing cheese that someone else keeps moving and would probably enjoy this book. Motorola loved to place signs around about &quot;Change is Good&quot; just before they closed their paging infrastructure plant and sold it to the competition. The last company I was with encouraged everyone to read this book just before they had a mass layoff. If your company starts passing out this book, &quot;sniff out change&quot; and update your resume.
If your looking for information and possible techinques to add to your search for trends. Don't bother. This is a book about people who do. Interesting but not what I was looking for, I saw the bold Title and fell for it. It's also pretty dry stuff, I've read better bio's in Barrons.
I have always wanted to read this book, and when I finally had the chance, I was really disappointed.  The story itself--the idea of the story--was really romantic and wonderful.  Getting from the start to the end was the problem--it just dragged.  It was truly difficult to get through it and I just didn't love it at all.  It ended up being a tough read for me--I finished it only because I wanted to know how it would end, not because I was enjoying it.  In the end, I sighed with relief that I was finally finished.
I had thought that a World of Wealth was going to be a thoughtful discussion of economic based solutions to many of the nation's and world's problems.  I looked forward to understanding how Thomas Dolan of Barron's was going to argue the side of free markets and economic forces.  Unfortunately, this book is more political rhetoric than a thoughtful discussion of the issues and how economics would respond.  The books chapters promise to deal with issues as diverse as the energy crisis, environmental pollution, free trade, investment, etc.  Regardless of the issue the answer is always the same: free markets work, market intervention is at the root cause of the problem, leave us alone.So if you like those arguments, read this book, you will learn many things that you already know or have heard before.  If you do not, or you want a balanced argument, then avoid this book.I understand Dolan's views and the arguments he advances, but the big fault is that he relies on a very pristine definition of markets, prices, and their behavior.  To Dolan the market is nameless, faceless, and always right because where ever it goes is where it is supposed to go.  The markets would only work if we could keep policy and politics out of the way.  Here is where Dolan forgets something very important -- the discipline of economics was originally called political economy and you need to consider both to come out with a well rounded view of what is going on, the causes, the answers etc.  The reason why its political economy is that pricing mechanisms are not perfect, even in our internet driven age, and do not account for all of the costs, nor all of the utility they way they would in classic economic theory.The other shortcoming of Dolan's arguments is that he fails to make the connection between the individual (micro) decisions and the market (macro) results.  The book is full on macro-economic based with the individual their motivation, or the short term vs. long-term considerations taken into account.  These very real factors distort the macro market as people opt for higher taxes to support clean air and water for example.In leaving out these two pieces, Dolan's work rings hollow as they are more of a policy shout out for free markets than a reasoned response to the challenges facing America and the world.I will not go through the book chapter by chapter because the answers are the same -- less policy, less politics, there is no short-term disruption, -- markets adjust themselves.  While intellectually stimulating, Dolan's thoughts come into sharp contrast with the realities we see everyday of pollution, high-energy prices, people being laid off and not finding work, etc.I do not recommend this book, for these reasons and the fact that a world of wealth is not made by a mindless or faceless market, no it is made one person at a time, one decision at a time that aggregate into a market that is more about behavior, politics and economics, than the cold hard facts of pricing.  Dolan says it all in his dedication "To Carol, who has heard it all before."  No offense to Carol, but we have all heard this all before.If you are looking for a good book on this subject, I heartily recommend "The Origins of Wealth" by Eric D. Beinhocker as it incorporates many of the advances of the last thirty years of economic thinking into a compelling book.
If you want a book that you can:a) Buy in bulk, so you can distribute them to all of your employees just prior to a massive lay-off, in some selfish attempt to feel better about it,orb) Use as evidence that you are a capable manager, when in fact you've run a company into the ground to the point where you need to resort to above-mentioned layoffs..then buy this piece of junk. It makes a rather profound statement about learning to get on with your life after something bad happens to you... which in and of itself is well and good. But it wraps it up in the wrong package, twisting a fairly harmless philosophy around. That it, instead of teaching people the value in working through a loss, they try to convince people in advance that it is OK to expect a loss and not to fight it when it happens.It's corporate brainwashing of the kind that science fiction writers have been warning us about for decades.I'm not being a comedian: I know of at least three large companies that did (a) and have had conversations with executives that boast (b). That is why this book is still a best-seller... not because it has any literary merit, philosophical worth, or any value whatsoever. Too bad there isn't a &quot;zero&quot; star rating.
When I started reading this book - the first 25 pages were very interesting and laid a good foundation.As I started reading it further, it was shallow as it was going into each of the areas and somehow managed to finish the book.  I found it choppy and cluttered with useless information.
In retrospect and seeing what is happpening right now at Toyota, this book is now completely outdated.
General information that sounds really cool but with nothing practical about it. The outlined "principles" clearly didn't help the author make it financially, so she decided to write a book and get as much money as she could from the poor souls who went for her overpriced coaching. Loral is playing with people's hopes and rags-to-riches dreams. Thank God for the library, so I don't have to spend money on her useless books.
for me to dislike a book about history, is almost unheard of. But i can say this book was a dull, boring and to me unlikeable book. I give it a 5 thumbs down, and I have NEVER done that for ANY book I have ever read before. What makes this even worse for me anyway, this is about MY fore-fathers.  I hope their lives wern't as dull as this book. I'll stay with my familys personal stories, they are much better.
Another good title for the book could be 'The Dopey, Immature Kid with a Lousy Attitude'.  I read this book twice, once as an immature teenager and the second time as an immature adult.  The reason I read the book again as an adult was to find the so-called 'great meaning and powerful ideas' that are supposedly contained in the novel.  I found absolutely nothing of significance and meaning that would qualify this novel as a classic or masterpiece.Basically, this novel is simply about an immature, screwed up, mentally disturbed, brat with a terrible attitude.  The only thing the kid needs is a good, hard kick in his butt.  Don't get me wrong.  It's an interesting read and somewhat enjoyable, but that's all there is to it.  If you want to read a great novel with real significance and superb insight about our world then read '1984' by George Orwell, the greatest novel I have ever read.
The first eight pages of the paperback list rave after rave newspaper reviews which raised my expectations 'way beyondwhat this book delivers. I expect my two-star review will get me plenty of hate mail. Or at least grumbling.Anticipating that I'd better say yes, I was in the military; I turned 20 in 1960. I saw combat, I got splattered with blood and rose from E1- to E-5. I loved my time in and still know vet friends and men on active duty or through the VA; I have nothing but awe and admiration, appreciation and respect for our forces in harm's way. All those I knew I'd rate five stars. Some even earned some on their collars.There are 21 stories (or episodes, some continuations of others) and one brief admission section in which O'Brien admits that he used Viet Nam as a background and an inspiration. For the purpose of this review, I read everything, but only one chapter/story, 26 pages out of 233, really grabbed me,had elements of truth and passion and the human essence of fighting men (there were no women combatants then). (A soldier brought over his girlfriend for a war/jungle vacation; but that was really fictional fantasy.) (Okay, that was the story I liked; but for other than fantastical reasons.)I have no argument with O'Brien's approach, his going behind the immediate combat situations and individuals' reactions to write about the 'baggage' each principal carried. It's that his writing was description ala lawn mower maintenance manuals, it was pure exposition, superficial and generated no feelings other than impatience. Characterizations were thin and generalized and more often than not, cliches. Simply, with the dramatic context and the passions of that lousy war, he chose blandness; with his prosaic renditions, he missed tensions and fears and triumphs which come from such awful conditions and confrontations.In a latter chapter O'Brien proclaims he was Phi Beta Kappa and summa cum laudeat Harvard, for me underscoring the adage that writers are born, not made.If you want the feel, nature and adrenalin of war, there are many, many superior authors and moviemakersI would recommend before this, from writers Mailer and Herr/Stone to writer/directors Cappola and Stone.
This author has a way with words and very credibly weaves the mythic &amp;  legendary tales of the old Norse folk (as we have these through the medium  of 12th &amp; 13th century Icelandic saga literature) into a meandering and  sometimes interesting speculative essay on the experience of exploration  &amp; discovery, as recorded in the old sagas (both of the Icelanders &amp;  of the Eskimos of Greenland). But whatever else this book is, and Vollman's  rendering of some of the old Norse legendry is quite nice, it is most  definitely NOT a novel. There is no plot here, no development of a tale out  of a person or persons' experiences, no imaginary world somehow made flesh  through the medium of events told or re-told by a storyteller of any sort.  In fact, except for the fact that this is a compendium of fictions and  mental meanderings in prose, there is nothing here to even suggest that  this writing is properly to be called a novel. There IS, on the other hand,  an interesting stream of words here which occasionally seems compelling but  which rarely enwraps us and which, in fact, grows quite tiring at times,  what with all its talk of ice shirts and blue shirts and bear shirts, etc.  The shirt metaphor, in fact, is apparently Mr. Vollman's way of describing  an attitude/point of view which informs some of his characters' world views  (&quot;blue&quot; for death-oriented, as in the symbolism of the old sagas  themselves, &quot;ice&quot; for cold indifference to others,  &quot;bear&quot; for dangerous, overweening madness which poses harm to  those around us).It seems that Vollman is here eager to make a comment  on the ugliness of European colonization of the &quot;New World&quot; and  what it did to the innocent indigenous folk they found here, as  exemplified, in one vignette, by the Eskimo father who rescues his son from  cold-hearted Norse kidnappers in Greenland and then, regrettably, kills the  child for fear of contamination which cannot be undone. If only those  unenlightened Norse had not meddled with the pristine, good-hearted  natives! This book, in the end, is tendentious and tedious and just plain  heavy-handed. And, as Gertrude Stein once said of her native town,  &quot;there's no there there.&quot;I came to this book because of a bad  review I saw of Jane Smiley's Greenlanders (a saga-like novel of the last  days of the Norse colony in Greenland) in which the reviewer took Ms.  Smiley to task for her prose and urged the interested reader to try  Vollman's The Ice Shirt, instead, for a really good rendering of saga  material. Well, allow me to attempt to reverse that rather silly judgement  here. Smiley did it well; on the other hand, I'm not sure what Mr. Vollman  has done. But, at the least, he has not written an historical novel. --  Stuart W. Mirsky swmirsky@usa.net
Jesus... I don't even know where to begin. This book fails on so many areas.Slowly curve your lips to smile so it would look more sincere???? Whaaat??? A sincere smile is not learned or calculated. A sincere smile just shows up naturally.Another thing that is very well-known is to look people in their eyes, all the time. There is a big problem with this. While it is true that you need to look people in the eyes. It is not the case all the time. The big exception is depending on the person. The world is not just all Americans. There are many cultures where looking someone straight into their eyes for a long period of time is considered very rude. It can be seen as intrusiveness and aggressiveness. In some others, it is an invitation for a fight, like "What are you looking at?"Another problem is many people can look at you straight in your eyes and still lie. They are called sociopaths and pathological liars. See, from this alone this book and any other books that profess this has already failed.Many help coaches like to box people into their definition but people are different. Not everyone is like you and that's the way it should be. People act differently to situations so stop interpreting people based on their body language.Now, onto the CD itself. I wish somebody else read this book instead of the author. A professional reader, maybe. The author's voice is very annoying and she tries so hard to be enthusiastic but it fails. You don't need to sound like you are jumping all the time to sound sincere and enthusiastic. Also, I cannot understand many of her words. I listen to audio books all the time and this is the first time someone's voice annoyed me and couldn't understand what she was saying.
I honestly don't get what all the hoopla is about this book.  I read the entire book because I kept thinking it would get better; it didn't.  The book wasn't that boring, it was okay.  But I kept asking myself over and over "Who cares?"  I just don't understand how the book got to be a "national best seller."
I have some experience with options and was interested in understanding more sophisticated strategies. The first part of this book assumed a novice investor -- someone who was far from ready for the later portions of the book. It was tedious reading because the incessant repetition of basic points such as you need to limit/control downside risks. This was made worse because many of the relatively simple examples had explanations that weren't, and I had to pause to convince myself that the problem was with the explanation and not my understanding. This did not bode well for the meat of the book.The book lost credibility with me when I found myself reacting that it was badly oversimplifying. This was not the simplification that occurs as part of a phased presentation, but presentations that could mislead the reader because they don't realize what they don't know. My biggest objection was that the advocated approach seemed to badly understate its costs: the costs of the options and other financial products and the cost of your time needed to manage this approach. The approach doesn't seem practical for those who seem to be the target audience for this book.-- Douglas B. Moran
I have to say I was disappointed in this book - but not really surprised. The book is well organized, simple to read, easy to locate the major points without going into any great detail - and there's the problem. There is no respect in this book for the people being managed - nor is there in almost any corporation attempting to "manage" them. That's why TQM, for example, does not work. It's all "pretend". It's "make it look good, but we've already made the decision and we are happy to waste your time allowing you think you are involved because you are stupid enough to believe it and it looks good to our stockholders/funders." Meanwhile, workers are continually stressed trying to do jobs that don't make sense because no one really cares what they think about what they do. One of Michael Moore's brilliant career moves involved going to the top CEOs to see if they could do the job their employees do. Of course, they could not.So, if you want to use this book to run a workshop for high paying CEOs who want to believe that it will help them to magically make their employees submit more effectively, go ahead. It might work for a shepherd. It won't work for people. Only respect works for people. And people will work for respect.
Don't look here.Chadwick's book is steeped in the conventional and now-discredited "Whig" view of history, which posits that the Reformation was both inevitable and progressive.  It is typified by sentences like the following from Chadwick: "The Reformation came because limitation of the power of the Church was necessary to the further development of efficient government."This view has since been demolished by the likes of Eamon Duffy, who has shown that much of the Reformation was a violent, top-down imposition -- a "revolt of the rich" as another scholar put it.Readers are advised to consult Diarmaid MacCulloch's masterful "The Reformation: A History," a book likely to be the standard work on the subject for years to come.
Probability and Random Processes for Electrical Engineering is not a very well-written book.  The book seems to be gaining more favor with EE and computer science programs, not because of the quality of the book, but  rather the need to standardize on texts, regardless of the quality.The  book itself is extremely sketchy and lacks mathematical rigor, perhaps  because it is supposed to be meant for engineers and not for math majors,  but even so it does not explain its subject very well, even though preface  states that it is accessible.  For example, the concept of counting theory  is extremely important in probabiity, but the author devotes a total of six  pages to the subject and even notes that counting theory can be skipped  without loss of continuity.  I don't think so!  Also the author's  definitions of discrete and continous sample spaces are not quite  correct.There are not enough examples outlined in the book and many of  the homework problems have little relevance to the examples presented.  A  good instructor could make something out of this book, but be sure to get a  Schaum's outline for more problems and another text to complement this one.
The Kindle edition entitled "Something Fresh (with linked TOC)" is not _Something Fresh_, which was the British version of the book whose American version was entitled _Something New_.  There are significant differences between the two versions, visible even in the free sample, e.g. three of the main characters are American rather than English; see Terry Mordue's excellent annotations on the web for more details.  Spastic Cat Press's Kindle edition of _Something New_ is fine, however, and I'll be reviewing that later.
Stay away from this book like a plague. Mix of the useless ideas coming from the author which has nothing to do with real world and other ideas taken from other books like Magic Of Thinking Big and Think And Grow Rich (that's why some of them sounds good). Author is fake, that's not even his real name. He created a fake character and now killed it to avoid the responsibility of what he wrote (search for the name you'll find the date of birth and death).Get and study the classics, like Richest Man In Babylon, Think And Grow Rich, Master Key System, Magic Of Believing etc. Don't waste your time and money for this useless junk. I wish Amazon has zero stars.
Alan Greenspan is well-known for speaking incomprehensibly; Sheehan acerbates this problem by writing incomprehensibly. Covering a data-driven discipline, he fails to incorporate a single graph or chart, instead dropping ungrounded anecdotes here and there. Example: At one point Sheehan excitedly reports that the top 1% of New York City residents pay 48% of its income tax. My instinct is that this means the tax is well-crafted to focus on the very-high earners - irrelevant to his stumbling attempt to prove a growing wealth inequality. (Proving a change requires at least two data points in time.) Another example is his reporting a change in debt/GDP that purport to moving from a capital-driven to debt-driven economy - a non-sequitur, given the data. Data are not inflation-adjusted, or better yet, inflation and per-capital adjusted. Another problem is Sheehan's switching topics so often that it becomes impossible to assimilate anything significant or credible. Reading "Panderer to Power" is far more trouble than it is worth.
Book written by an egotist who doesn't really have the chops for writing.  Not worth my time.  Riding a bike isn't rocket science, he makes it out to be.
The author draws us in, and it's all very exciting, and grippingly written, and then suddenly at the end of the book, when things can't get any more complicated, he [spoiler alert] reveals that the woman in the fifth is a ghost. Inexplicably! As the summation of a gritty and realistic murder novel! Set in Paris in the early 2000's !I was disgusted. That's not a plot, that's a cop-out, a pathetic inability to finish the story.A crushing dissapointment, is how I would describe the ending, and it's the last book of Kennedy's that I will buy.
I wish I had heeded the negative reviews.  This is a pretentious novelwhich fails to deliver the goods at an adult level and worse drags time-travelling/scifi down with it.The prose is simple and plain, easy to follow though uninspiring.  There is some foul language and description of sex acts but nothing offensive.  What irks me more is the lack of craft, the poor plotline, pseudo-philosophical discussion, and whiny-character POVs.  In short, it's as if expecting Tolkien and ending up w/ He-man.  If He-man's what you like, then fine, but that's just 30 minutes, whereas this book will suck up a lot more time.Below are some specific points/*WArNING SPOILERS *////////////////////////////////////////////////////a) henry decides to secretly have a vasectomy... and his wife won't notice he's sore in the saddle?  and he forgot that it's not immediate sterility but may take 4-6 weeks?  oh and he also wrote it down on his dayplanner!b) both of them are unfaithful.  Henry still has his girlfriend's clothes, toothbrush, and tampons while he beds Claire.  Claire boffs her bestfriend's man a couple of times and worries if Henry will find out (but not caring about her best friend)c) detrminism vs. free will?  pretty basic and poorly articulated discussion (repeated x 3 or 4 times).  other junk they throw in Punk, anarchism, insider trading...d) I didn't mind the author's timetravelling/pseudoscience/genetic explanation at first, but when the rest of the storty was boar thistle I lost patience and interest.e) the author's description of infertility, abortions, and pregnancy were cliched and nauseating.f) The author was also pretty heavy handed w/ some changes in POV.  If it's done subtly then a reader follows the story, but in her book, I kept thinking, "okay she's changed to Henry so then what was Claire doing that she didn't want me to know..."I finished this book b/c I paid for it and cannot in principle do less.  I bought into the premise and would have gone for it, if there had been a good story to back it up.  If  I save one person from reading this I have done my job.
Hey Ruth Rendell, here's a tip:Parking the car, walking down a hall, bringing in the mail, going to the gym, and complaining about the landlady are all boring things to do, even if it is a killer doing them.Picking out clothes to wear, going to the parent's house, and dieting are all boring things to do, even if it is a glamorous rich chick doing them.I listened to this book for two cd's and all that happened was different people walking around doing nothing, as stated above. If I wanted to hear about somebody's diet, I would talk to some one in line at the grocery store, which I might add, I DO NOT EVER DO. And yet, here I am paying to listen to drivel about what some dumb FICTIONAL CHARACTER usually eats, and similar garbage, on and on and ON and ON. It's self-indulgent writing to the point of being offensive.Usually I give a book one cd before I dump it, but I was stuck somewhere and had to gag on two. And it still blathered away for an hour and a half with nothing at all happening.Man, what a terrible book. A real yawn cocktail. AVOID.I review only audiobooks. Check out my other reviews, then download, plug in, and never be bored again, especially if you don't bother with this awful book.
I suffered through this book, after reading about 1/2, I had decided that I'd read enough and wasn't going to bother finishing it. I did finish it, and the only reason I bothered giving it 2 stars is FINALLY, during the last 80 pages or so, an ACTUAL story was being told. It finally became a cohesive book that wasn't flitting around confusingly & teasing you with whatever the heck ACTUALLY happened (which I'm still not sure about). Now, after finishing the book I wish I hadn't, unless there's another book that picks up where this one suddenly, abruptly, and without a satisfying conclusion ended.Okay, so something happened that turned the U.S. upside down, and though late in the book it gives you SOME taste of what happened, it never really says: this is what happened, this is WHY it happened, and these are the people who made it happen. So basically, it's strongly lacking main ingredients for a good book: the who, what, where, when, why, and how.This novels &#34;revelations&#34; were EXTREMELY obscure, while you can fill in the blanks for some things, you can't even be sure if those blanks are correctly being filled. I found this book tedious and quite boring the majority of the read, and then, to put the icing on the unbalanced cake, when you FINALLY begin to receive some answers & continuity in thought the book ends on a cliffhanger, and it's up to you to guess what to believe, how it's actually going to end. I graciously gave this book a 2nd chance and it simply was NOT worth it!ONLY read this book if you enjoy books that remain unfinished, if you enjoy books that don't ever really explain in any detail what the heck has happened or is happening, and if you enjoy crossword puzzles-because for the most part it's up to the READER to put the answers in the blanks.I personally wouldn't recommend this book to anyone though.
This project is heavy on code examples, but they are full projects.  If you are looking for how to do very specific projects then this book MIGHT be for you, however there are not that many projects in the book.I was expected examples with good coding styles, none of this code would be even close to passing a peer review at my company.  I guess it is good for someone looking for full practical examples of some Java projects, but for the most part the book is just a bunch of not very well written code with some not very interesting commentary.Other people have already commented on the specific deficiencies of the code examples, including misuse of Swing and lack of Java 5 features such as generics.If you are looking for how the code would be written in a modern development shop, go to JavaRanch.  I would not recommend buying this book unless you don't know how to search the web for code snippets.As far as art, this book is like a bad spatter painting.  "Effective Java" does a much better job of exploring the "art" of Java.
Generally I despise this - when politics overwhelm proper discussion. We see this both from readers on the left (Bill O'Reilly's work) and right (anything to do with climate change). Having just learned about MZB longstanding defense of her pedophile husband, I cannot ever in good conscience recommend her work, which may be even peripherally informed by those decisions. I hope there will be a movement to recommend ANY other novels to any reader of her work.
"Amelia Earhart Lives," by Joe Klaas, McGraw-Hill Book Co., NY 1970. ISBN 70-128791, HC 272 pages plus 50 B & W glossy photos and a few illustrations. 8 1/2" x 6".Author Klaas, a Ret. Air Force Reserve Lt. Col, prev. Yank in RAF, indicates he investigated the Amelia Earhart (AE) disappearance in detail, pursuing the inquiry leads developed by Major Joseph Gervais who originated "Operation Earhart" in 1960, and (they) draw heavily upon Gervais' findings until the secretive nature of International subterfuge was untangled.  However, despite twenty-one chapters of hunt and seek, ploy and deploy, and calling, writing, asking, interviewing, and the like, Klaas & associate discover a duck who talks, walks and knows AE but "won't talk," i.e. won't confess to being the real Amelia Earhart.In their conclusion (Klaas & Gervais), we are led to believe that AE was Tokyo Rose, was a prisoner of war, was smuggled out of Japan upon its surrender, was likely dressed as Catholic Nun to evade the Press, perhaps even inspired by her prior meetings with Cardinal Spellman (Guam and Manila), all under guidance of fellow Aviatrix, Jacqueline Cochran.  Throughout these writings are not infrequent references to the importance of ESP, instant transfiguration, telepathy, etc.  In the last chapter Klaas is introduced to a woman he believes ("knows") is AE, despite her denials.  He believes the last AE flight was a photo spy mission for FDR, but AE became an international prisoner of war, living afterwards under a bogus name in the US.Having reviewed 14 other books on AE, Klaas' book is worthy of reading merely as pulp fiction. I think it would be appropriate if the names were changed to protect the identity of the innocent, now dead, and unable to speak.  Klaas's book lacks class.  At times I am uncertain if he is serious or has written a tongue-in-cheek novella.
I do not like the way it is set up to look up information for each chapter and subject. It flops around to look up added info by having to flip pages from one end to another chapter to get a better understanding of each subject being covered per chapter. This is why I say it is too complicated.
I really enjoyed the first two parts of this book, but toward the third I did not, as it was focused on racial hatred.  The first two sections were mainly about her survival in the arctic tundra, and her eventual acceptance by a wolf pack.However, in the third part of the book, the main character is consumed with hatred toward white people and their culture because of a wrong a white hunter did to her.  She refuses even to see her white friends again because of her blind hatred and intolerance.  She rejects her father as well, because of the fact that he incorporates aspects of white culture (such as technology) into his life.  Definitely not my favorite heroine.
YAAAaaaaaaaaAAWWWWWWWWWWNNNNNNNNNN...............I guess there might have been some way this could have been more boring, but offhand I just can not think of how it could be.
I also have the 100-page litmus test that one of the other reveiwers mentioned.  If I'm not hooked by then, I never will be.  But right around page 100, it picked up a bit, so I gave it another 30 or so pages.  I was disappointed and I put down the book.  The writing style was entertaining, but I just didn't care about the outcome of the storyline at all.  I wasn't even tempted to speed-read the last chapter or two.  Sorry guys.  Your story was totally lost on me.
As the book unfolds Sophy becomes a more complex character.  Ther reasons for her need to rearrange the truth become more clear as the story progresses.  As a reader you will want the best for her. And in the end, she gets it as she turns into a woman strong enough to face the truth.  A fast read that you won't want to put down.
It appears to me that Mr. Greene repeats his Theme of The Use And Abuse Of Power in every one of his books. One could easily go so far as to say that he has been writing the same book for the past 30 years. The main protagonist in his book is an Opium Addicted Serial Monogamist named Fowler who has become jaded by his involvement in the Vietnam War and seeks solace in the Arms Of Morpheus or his Vietnamese girlfriend Phuong. Then he meets an idealistic young man named Pyle who decides he can make a difference to what is happening in their world. The rest of the book explores their relationship with each other and it comes as no surprise to the reader that Pyle falls in love with Phuong with the promise that he can give her a better life.I had to read this book in my Final Year at High School and I am totally bewildered by the fact that it is considered to be a so called "Modern Classic Of Literature.The jaded antics of an opium junkie holds no atraction for me to read .
I do realize novels were written in a different style at the time Conrad wrote Nostromo, but after struggling for a couple months through the first 100 pages of what is essentially background material, I just decided it wasn't worth it. I had yet to get to the actual plot of the book by this time and decided there were too many great books out there to waste more time on this. I had really enjoyed The Secret Agent and Heart of Darkness wasn't bad so I was very disappointed in Nostromo. The premise of the book sounds so interesting.Good luck to those of you starting this book. I hope the struggle will be worth it to you.
I can't rate as I couldn't read .i didn't realize it was in Russian when I agreed to purchased it.
This is not a book on how to trend follow.  It is more of a wow look how great the guru fund managers did.  It does not address the needs of the ordinary guy working with an ira. Shorting doesn't apply to IRAs.  The downside of shorting is not addressed- unlimited upside risk.  The use of moving averages is not there. Protecting downside with stops is vaguely mentioned.  The history of trend following and the records of the successful guys is listed as though all trend followers must be just as successful.  Probably the biggest concern is what is Covel's trend record?  If you go to his web site, more sales stuff to buy his trading program, but what is his own data? Covel is more a journalist, but how about his own trading record?  This book has alot of quotes and motivational info, but it is not very practical.  The bottom line, is that you are left with the hype, but no meat and potatos.
Although this book has some good ideas, thoughts, and quotes, they are embedded in long and sometimes not so interesting spiritual stories.
Lemony Snicket has a knack for writing great books, and I hate to say that this one wasn't one of them. The book wasn't bad, it just wasn't really good either. After the great ending to the vile village there should have been a better book.The cons:The volunteers fighting disease were annoying and could have been in the story without being hippies. They sing the same song over and over again and after the fifth time the funniness begins to where off.Why is a library of records in a hospital again? What does one have to do with the other? I'm fine with having it that way but Snicket should have made more sense of it. He could have made the library top secret and the hospital could have been like a fake reason for the library to be there. You know like a cover up so people wouldn't get suspicious, instead of a hospital with a library in its basement filled with any information you want. He could have had it make more sense.It wasn't as interesting as the others just because it was it didn't have as much going on. Kinda hard to explain, but it just didn't have what the other ones had.The pros:The part when they went to last chance general store was really cool, even though it only took up the first chapter. It really made you feel sad for the children and made you wonder what they were going to do. What they ended up doing was going to a crazy half-finished hospital in the middle of the desert with a libary underneath it, with crazy singing people and surgical theater. I think this story was just so over the top crazy that it wasn't as good.I loved how there was a return of Dr. Flacatono and Dr. Lucafont, along with the white faced woman and the heshe. The previous 6 books only had one of Olaf's workers per book so it seemed really scary that the children were so outnumbered.This book is nessary to read because it wouldn't make sense if you skipped it, however it's not the best book in the series.
If you have never purchased or sold anything on Amazon before ... or, if this is the first time you have ever logged on to the internet ... then this book might be for you. Or, if you've tried selling on Amazon and can't figure it out, this might be for you. Truly, this is for "dummies" only.I hope this doesn't sound tongue-in-cheeck - I'm really trying to be sincere. If you are of reasonable intelligence, and have used the internet, then you won't learn anything new here. A LOT of filler, no criticisms, no unique ways to use the site. And a LOT of buttering up Jeff Bezos...almost as if these two guys are wanting a job or something. (Or maybe they are somehow related to Amazon or Bezos?) Also, much of the book is already outdated.For me, this was a waste of time. For you...it all depends.
I found this a page turner, but I was really turned off by the &quot;hero&quot; smoking dope and giving it to his girlfriend, with whom he  goes to bed practically as soon as he gets a chance.  Other than some of  the moral aspects of the protagonist's character, this boook moves right  along, even tho its plot is simplistic.  I may read its sequel
I really wanted this book to work!  I had looked at others but didn't want to have to get to the point of letting our baby cry.  I tried the methods from the book for 10 days, going to him and not letting him cry, soothing him back to sleep, putting him down with my arms around him still and letting him fall alseep and then releasing him, not nursing to sleep.  Let me tell you, after ten days I was way more exhausted and our 4 month old son was sleeping WAY worse than before I started these methods.  For us, these methods just taught him that all he had to do was cry and I would come in to save him.  Before I could at least put him down to sleep some of the time, after these methods he would cringe every time he felt me start putting him down and wake himself up.  It was so miserable that by the end I couldn't stop crying.  At his worst, he was waking up in 23 minutes, 40 minutes, an hour and on a very good night 2 hours.  I finally bought "Health Sleep Habits, Happy Child" which I had been debating about getting prior to this purchase.  I poured over it one afternoon and started Dr. Weisbluth's methods that night.  For us, the only solution was to cry it out.  It wasn't nearly as bad as I had anticipated and our baby now sleeps from 6:00 pm to 7:15 am.  He wakes up twice to nurse and goes right back to sleep without any fuss.  He goes down easy at night too.  That after one not so rough night of not responding everytime he cried.  Let me tell you, as miserable as it seems to let them cry, it was the best and only option for us.  One night of hardship has made a world of difference!  Save your sanity and get "Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Child" which will explain sleep habits and help you understand what your baby needs proven by factual research.  He gives three methods, not just cry it out so you can make up your own mind.  Good luck to you all!
You can find all of the same info online.Sorry I wasted my money on this book.Guess it will be another one I donate. It's not  a keeper !
Stupid, Stupid, Rambles about nothing.An example of what I'm talking about is how she explains while during a  corporate meeting at Microsoft, a lightbulb go off in her head that she can do the payroll processing for the company's consultants while not having a "payroll company" to back it up. She made it up as she went along, Blah, Blah, Blah.,I couldn't believe this book got published. What is happening to our society today when a mind-numbing book like this get's published and marketed .... TOO WHOM? I don't have an answer to this question.You will gain absolutely nothing from this read. Skim the book before you buy.... BEWARE
Although I did like the cryptic history/feel of the hypnertomacia, the book was very slow at times and did not lead te reader well. NOT A DIVINCI CODE TYPE BOOK, DO NOT BE MISLEAD
This is a PHP3 book and the current version is PHP4 -- so it behooves you to look for a good PHP4 book.  I threw my copy away.
I found this a very disturbing book, not for the issues that the author faced, but for the ones that she didn't, but that are very apparent in her life -- her alcoholism (which, when her son was young, seemed to border on child abuse), her later dysfunctional relationship with her son (come on, the kid ran away and became homeless at 17), her inability to come to terms with her relationship with her parents (by middle-age I would hope that we can all get over *some* things), her potential to be a sexual harraser (if you were a parent and your adolescent came home and told you that his English teacher kept mouthing "I love you," to students, what would you say?), and finally, her inability to be honest about what she really wants (an emotionally satisfying and longterm relationship with a compatible man).  Her initial ad in the NYRB sounds gutsy and is clearly the premise that has sold this book, but she's not looking to become sexually satisfied; her neediness becomes very apparent to the reader, although she never delves those depths; clearly *this* is the topic, rather than sex, that is too intimate for her to write about.
I have no problem with bizarre. I have no problem with surreal. I like scary and creepy and disturbing. This was merely pointless, at its best--it was profoundly sexist at its worst. Excruciatingly long descriptions of scent--page after page after page of them. All to prop up the most undeveloped protagonist (villain) I have ever encountered. And no review I have read thus far has even commented on the absolutely perverse mysogyny of the premise: that teenage virgin girls produce/exude the scent which will control and subdue all of humanity if they are killed and the scent can be captured. Suskind develops this atrocious idea without a trace of critique or irony whatsoever. This book was pretentious and the author's self-satisfaction was more overpowering than any civet or rose water could ever be. A disgrace.
I'm about one-third into this book and I ain't seen nothin' yet. I mean seriously, nothing has happened so far and I wonder if they ever will. And to think that a reviewer on the backcover says this book reads like Umberto Eco, Scott Fitzgerald and Dan Brown put together - now come on. It's unlikely that either of the three would ever have wanted to be mentioned in the same breath as the rule of four. This is neither a Dan Brown thriller, nor, with its flat wafer thin cardboard characterisation is it a coming of age novel, and it has nothing of the depth and philosophical insight of Umberto Eco. The only insight this book gives me is into Princeton and its quirks and customs and frankly, I could't give a damn. I wouldnt want to be too harsh on the authors though, considering they're young and first-timers. The worst offenders in my opinion are the marketing geniuses who are trying to cash in on Dan Brown's popularity and build a hype around this book. Perhaps I wouldn't have been so disappointed if my expectations weren't that high to begin with. There's a difference between hardsell and taking readers for fools.
I bought this book after a highly respected person in the options industry labelled it "one of the top 3 trading books of all time" - and I'd read the other two. I've given upon this one on p. 45, although I may pick it up and try again sometime.  The content is difficult, but the writing makes it almost impenetrable -- and the charts don't compare with modern ones.  So, even though there may well be lessons to learn from it, it requires a dedication of purpose that I just haven't been able to bring to the table.
I didn't finish this. If you like reading lots of snippets from history books etc you might like it. But I was beginning to feel like the male protagonist who was laid up in a hospital bed with a broken leg and making maps on the ceiling: bored to tears. Maybe if I am down with a broken leg someday I might pick it up again..
I ordered this book after reading a reference to it in someone's blog post.I am a bit disappointed to be honest. If you are a successful person, and have more than 5-10+ years of experience in your field, then you have probably already learned and internalized these techniques quite naturally.This would probably be a helpful book for someone just starting out in their career, or perhaps someone still in school - but I suspect that until the student is ready, the lesson would be lost.On the other hand, given that most folks seem to have limited natural curiosity - within their own field of endeavor, to say nothing of investing effort in expanding beyond that boundary - perhaps the admonition to acquire broad and general knowledge may have some merit.  If you get nothing else out of this book - and if it inspires you to invest effort in cultivating depth in areas outside of your professional focus - then this book is well worth the cost.
I have loved DK, and this one started as the typical page turner. When the mystery was revealed I actually was angry! I felt I had wasted my time on this book! I too felt it was a cop out - like he was going in some direction and got stumped on where to go with it and unfortunately went for a stupid 'way out.' Not sure if  I'll be so quick to invest time in his books in the future!!!
The story was about a boy born in a crowd of people.  The boys mom died when he was 8 .  years old.  The boy was adopted and lived in a little town called Harlem.  The boys name was Walter Dean.  He was always in a fight at school in Mr. Conroys class.  This caused the boy to miss so m up to write this book school that they were going to put him in a juvinele faciliy.  The boy learned to stop fighting and that is how the story ends.I liked the book because I was like the boy in a way,I was always getting in trouble. I would get my friends to rend this book because the boy had a hard life and was adopted and poor and grew up to write this book
Tim O'Brien has penned a fanciful novel about one of theworst holocausts in the history of Asian warfare. In thechapter titled "The Man I Killed", he sounds like a maudlinweepy drunk filled with remorse for having taken a life. InVietnam, American forces killed about 4,000,000 Vietnamese, including a great number of women and children. Does anyone recall Lt. Calley and the horriblemassacre at My Lai?? It was not an isolated incident!! Suchcarnage took place all over Vietnam, in the North and South.He writes about learning to feel comfortable with death butI wonder how comfortable he would feel if his own wife andchildren were killed in a B-52 saturation bombing raid? Hemakes his memory of the war a sentimental journey, not thegritty reality of other war memoirs like that of an Americannurse who served in a blood soaked MASH unit for one year ("HomeBefore Morning" by Lt. Lynda Van Devanter)I wonder how all the Vietnam veterans who have spent theirlives as invalids in various poorly staffed Veterans' Hospitalsacross America, how would they react to O'Brien's fiction?!?O'Brien didn't mention the Agent Orange herbicide (chemicalwarfare) attack on the eco-system of Vietnam's lush jungles orthe longterm impact it has had on the health of Vietnam civilians today(high levels of carcinogenic toxins still found in the agricultural regionsof Vietnam that were sprayed with Agent Orange, and a risingnumber of birth defects among new born infants, thanks tothe U.S. Army and Dow Chemical). Someday a retired Americanmarine, who served during the murderous invasion of Iraq, willwrite a similar 'fiction' and fail to mention depleted uraniumshells and the subsequent poor health of those Iraqi civilianswho were exposed to the radioactive poisons. O'Brien should become a verse writer for HallmarkCards and give up trying to be a novelist.
She had to read this for school, and hated it. Even her friend, who likes everything they ask her to read, hated it as well. The ONLY school book she'd ever hated. Just nothing happens, and it's not clear what the point is.
I'm still struggling thru this one..I pick it up in-between the better reads I have received from Amazon.  Do not buy, I'll GIVE you mine!
This is the expensive paperback textbook that teachers make you buy. It's ok but but I liked the Sams visual basic in 24 hours better because it addressed the important stuff up front in a user friendly way like the Complete Idiot books do. If you are learning visual basic without a class then get the Sams book and save a ton of money. I ended up getting the Sams book to help me with the class that they made me buy this book for. One month later-This book is laid out so poorly visually that you have to keep rereading the same page to get the idea and even then the explanations are really crummy. I have to force myself to read this book like eating oatmeal out of the box. I am reducing this review to one star from previously 3 stars. The guy who wrote the book obviously knows how to do programs but he's not a good author and neither is the editor. Both of them should be forced to read the phone book. If your teacher is pushing this book then take down his rating and avoid his class.
I read Grishams previous book, The Brethren and swore off reading Grisham again, to me he had taken the path oft travelled and became formulaic. I could not believe he could write something so badly conceived and full of holes, maybe he didn't write it. Anyhow this has nothing to do with his latest book other than I won't be buying it.
This stuff is all pretty obvious and can be learned anywhere, not just in the environment of a SEAL team.  We could have called this "Leadership Lessons of the Plastic Injection Molding Production Supervisors" or "Leadership Lessons of the Rental Car Management Trainees."  Seriously.  The SEAL stories were nice, but I was expecting some powerful lessons learned under the stressful conditions of special operations combat.  The "how many officers does it take to put up a tent" example wasn't exactly the impactful example that I was looking for.  I, too, was a naval officer and could generate better illustrations of these leadership and management skills from my mundane times on a surface ship.  No need to slap the SEAL trident on the cover, though I guess it would sell more books.
Written by a Republican, Glenn Hubbard, and and a `Democrat,' Peter Navarro, this poorly-reasoned and often self-contradictory attack on the policies of President Obama, leaves the impression that Mr. Navarro must have some kind of animus against the President.  Perhaps he is angry at not having been appointed to President Obama's Council of Economic Advisors, or perhaps he is a racist, or perhaps he has some other problem, I don't know; but clearly Navarro is very anti-Obama.The trashing of Obama starts with the heading on page 1: "The White House Plants Its Seeds of Destruction" and continues in the third paragraph: "What we [Hubbard & Navarro] share now is a deep and abiding concern that the Obama administration has put into place a set of policies that ultimately contain the seeds of America's economic stagnation." The following sentence, "And, as we argue, these seeds reflect the actions of both parties.," might seem a nod to fairness, but the attack on Obama continues in the next paragraph: "However, since taking office, President Barack Obama and his policy team have repeatedly stumbled across a surprisingly broad swath of issues and crises.  The list of concerns that may be rightfully tacked upon the White House Door . . . includes the following:"1. The gross mismanagement of a massive fiscal stimulus that has created far more public debt than private-sector jobs.2. A historically unprecedented expansion of the powers--and balance sheet!--of the Federal Reserve . . . .3. An increasingly shrill tax policy that seems . . . ."4. A misdirected energy policy that inexorably . . . and likely dooms us to a dim future . . . ."5. A budget-busting health care bill that . . . ."6. Last, a failure to confront our trading partners--particularly China--on a set of . . . ."I have replaced the bullets in the above list with numbers for convenience in referencing them.#1, On page 79: "Indeed, in opting for a short-term fix . . . the Obama administration's fiscal policy is merely worsening America's structural problems."  But on page 232: "fiscal stimulus . . . should strictly meet the test of being temporary, timely, and targeted."  In other words, President Obama's stimulus package is bad because (a) it is short-term, and (b) it isn't short-term.  In the words of Swinburne, "Certainly this is not that, but that is assuredly this."  H&N; give no objective evidence to support of their accusation of `gross mismanagement' by the Obama administration, nor for their semantically insupportable claim that it "has created far more public debt than private-sector jobs."  Semantically insupportable because quantifications of debt and jobs are incommensurable.  Each dollar spent may be assumed to have the same value (at least, at any given time), but the value of a job as a minimum wage unskilled hourly worker and the value of a job as a research scientist (PhD)  are clearly not the same.  And H&N; totally discount the value of public-sector jobs, including police, firefighters, crossing guards.  Are the lives saved by those public-sector workers of no value?  Not worth incurring any public debt?#2, On page 216, "the Federal Reserve is in the best position to have regulatory authority over derivatives regulation."  The Fed should be given more power, but Obama made a grave mistake by doing so.#3, How a tax policy could properly be described as `shrill' I don't know, but the word sure does have negative connotations, hence its use, however inappropriately, in a hatchet job.#4, President Obama's energy policy is no doubt less than perfect, but can it be any more `misdirected' than H&N;'s, which is based on a "flexible" tariff on oil imports (calling it a `fee' does not make it not a tariff) which they claim would be revenue-neutral.  The "fee" would be the amount, if any, by which the price of imported oil was less than a targeted price floor.  Of course OPEC, realizing that the "fee" would deprive them of any possible benefit from charging less than the price floor, would never do so, so the "fee" would indeed be revenue-neutral for United States, because any revenue it generated would go to OPEC, not the U.S. Treasury.  H&N; demonstrate their lack of understanding (a) on page 134: "The truly `smart path' to reducing our oil independence lies in . . . ."  and (b) on page 137: "America's optimal level of oil import dependence is not zero--and why the quixotic quest for `energy independence' by our presidents and politicians in totally inappropriate."  The facts are: (a) we have no oil independence to reduce, and shouldn't reduce it if we could, and (b) eventually, probably in less than a century, there will be no more oil available for us to import, so if our oil import dependence has not been reduced to zero by then, U.S.A. will go down the tubes; NOT what most of us (including me) would consider an optimal outcome.  For a more reasonable discussion of the problem, seeCrossing the Energy Divide: Moving from Fossil Fuel Dependence to a Clean-Energy Future, by Ayers & Ayers.#5, See chapter 8 of Joshua Holland'sThe Fifteen Biggest Lies about the Economy: And Everything Else the Right Doesn't Want You to Know about Taxes, Jobs, and Corporate America.#6, Not being confrontational toward our trading partners is not a failure; it is an indication that one may be smart enough not to be confrontational, so as to avoid offending our trading partners and thus causing them to be more resistant to doing what we want them to do.  See Suzette Hadin Elgin'sHow to Disagree Without Being Disagreeable: Getting Your Point Across with the Gentle Art of Verbal Self-DefenseAnd sometimes H&N; descend to prevarication, for example on page 89: "In allowing some of the Bush tax cuts to expire, President Obama has effectively raised statutory marginal tax rates across the board for households."  That is a flat-out lie.  Not just because he didn't let them expire, but because if he had done so, statutory marginal tax rates would have increased ONLY for the tiny percentage of households with annual incomes over $200,000, NOT across the board as H&N; falsely claim.And on page 159, after some highly dubious claims, e.g. "Higher taxes on individuals would reduce work effort consumption [whatever that may be] in the growth equation.", is the out-and-out lie: "raising the wage cap [on social security contributions*] would be equally counterproductive, because the burden of any such tax would fall PRIMARILY on middle-income workers and small businesses . . . ." [emphasis added]  The fact is that the increase would apply ONLY to wages or salaries in excess of $105,000 a year, well above the middle-income level, and to businesses which pay such salaries, which most small businesses don't!^  The burden would fall PRIMARILY on those who pay it, not those who don't.And on page 165: "Price indexing preserves real purchasing power while generating substantial cost savings."  A lesser payout amount will buy just as much?  Really??  Where??Like every president, Barack Obama has done some things right and some things wrong.  But he deserves better than this small-minded hatchet job.  Save your money!watziznayme@gmail.com* They really should be called premiums, because that is what they are, but they are officially called contributions.^ But see "Is Big Business Passing Itself Off as 'Small Business'" on pp. 32-34 ofThe Fifteen Biggest Lies about the Economy: And Everything Else the Right Doesn't Want You to Know about Taxes, Jobs, and Corporate America
Heralded (by that great literary arbiter the Financial Times) as `his best since Jurassic Park', Timeline had to be good to live up to the expectations it raised, and, true to the trend he began with `The Lost World', Michael Crichton again demonstrates that no matter how good a film outline is, it doesn't make it a good book. He still displays above average inventiveness, he still fills his pages with action and verve, but being Hollywood's favourite author and top of the bestseller list time and again has made him lazy. Timeline is the bare bones of an idea, packaged by a factory worker, not a creative author. Plot, character, pacing, realism, rationalism, and historical authenticity seem to have fallen by the wayside in place of the regular movie message - cut it down to easily identifiable stereotypes, fill it with dare-devil antics and lots of skin's-teeth escapes, and it'll be a blockbuster. Too bad.As I said, Timeline is a lazy book, and reads more as one of those lousy fantasy books that place spectacle before every other of the writer's arts. In Jurassic Park, we had believable characters placed in a believable setting and subjected to a scientifically believable situation, and thus there was tension as to the outcome. In Timeline, he introduces Marek as `tall, and very strong; muscles rippled beneath his T-shirt', which makes you go: `hmm, is Marek going to be just another invincible 80's Arnold Schwarzenegger subhuman superhero?' And of course, the answer is yes. So instantly, you don't believe in the characters. Then, the setting: I don't know much about the Middle Ages, but I know enough to notice a clear division between the reality (grimy, dirty, dangerous) and the pretty-coloured Errol Flynn version propagated by this book. So maybe the situation can save the book - time travel is impossible, but travelling between different dimensions can be done. Okay, I can accept that, as Crichton backs it up with enough scientific explanations to keep any physics teacher happy. However, it then goes: `so we can travel back into the 14th century, next question?' and you go: `Woah, hold on, you just said time travel is impossible, crossing into another dimension is not the same as going back in time' but it moves on and fails to clear up that little enigma. Oh well.In conclusion, Timeline is quite a lot of fun, provided you don't pay attention to the pseudo-science, can stomach the Hollywood myth of how knights-in-shining-armour really looked and acted, and don't mind being denied any real characterisation. And where did this trend of marrying off characters at the end of books begin? Out of the blue, wham, both male characters get married, which has been set up by a line earlier on which reads something like: `she suddenly realised that she actually found him quite attractive'. But hey, it would make a great movie, so what's the point of resisting? The book as an alternative to film is dying: if you need more proof, buy Timeline, and I promise you, you won't be disappointed.
A typical textbook that takes 25 pages to explain what could be summarized in 5.  This book might be great for potential career counselors, but if it weren't for my national certification questions drawing heavily from career counseling, I'd never buy this book.  Besides...$104...really?!
As a fan of Rendell's twisted psychological novels of the past, i found her latest  novel tedious with adolescent characters all bent on some weird escapade.  it was hard to follow, uninteresting, so I dropped it a third of the way through.  Joan Cremin
The premise was great, no new babies being born, the people of Earth now sterile, but it took a wrong turn. Another reviewer said it best about the ending, she wrote herself into a corner.  I kept thinking about what would happen if no babies were born, how people would carry on, where all the people left would go etc.  It could have great if she had developed that aspect, rather than the 5 dissidents angle.  I'll try PD James again.  This was a quick read, 3 days.  Next up is The Pillars of the Earth, hearing great things about that.
This book is incredibly boring. This review is coming from a teens point-of-view. It is based in the 1930's during the Great Depression. The story flips from the Joads-a family that is moving from Oklahoma in search of work in California-to little social commentary chapters that discuss the whole situation in general. I found this to be sort of like a modern day bible for it has the Joads made up of 12 people like the 12 deciples who are being pushed out of their homes like the jews. There is a character who plays the Jesus Christ role, another who symbolizes Judas, and an unborn baby who represents Moses. Don't get me wrong this book definately makes you think, but i found my self getting annoyed with this family because of their ignorance. I don't want to reveal to much in case you want to read it but personally i advise you to give spark notes a visit. This book is also very slow so if you have a short attention span then i suggest not reading it. If you enjoy Steinbeck novels then go for it, otherwise, just buy the cliff notes. It's not worth the time.
This book wasnt very interesting. I couldnt relate to the character and his personality he was negative most of the time thinking everyone but himself were phony. I dont recommend this book because it doesnt grab your interest.
This book is a nightmare. By far the worst text I have ever used for any statistics class. My teacher also hated it, and like another reviewer said, we also relied a lot on class notes.It's extremenly unclear, disordered, the notation is horrible, beware!!Don't buy this, but if you must, borrow it or buy it used. You will never use it again!!
This novel by G.K. Chesterton, starts very well, with a policeman so succesful in trying to infiltrate a group of anarchists that he is elected one of the bosses of the cell. Then things slowly becomes more muddled and the plot collapses halfway through the book, as it becomes more and more confusing and improbable and the author tries to feed on us too much indigestible philosophical baggage (Chesterton was a notorious political ultraconservative who seemed to find nothing worthwhile in the Europe after the Middle Ages). If you want to read a novel about early 20th century anarchists, I suggest instead you read Joseph Conrad's "The Secret Agent".
Read ANY of Crichton's other books, including his mediocre collection of memoirs, &quot;Travels.&quot; This book never gets off the ground as Sphere, Congo, or Jurassic Park did so quickly. The plot and writing style are so different from normal Crichton work that I continually checked the front cover to make sure that I had not picked up another book of the same title by a different author. If you read any of Crichton's other works and loved them, read them again and save yourself the money on this one. I only decided to give this book 2 stars because I feel the Crichton deserves more, not to mention the fact that I don't give 1-star reviews.
This book started out pretty good.  In fact, the middle was fair, but the ending was atrocious.This book is about Holden Caulfield, a young man that isn't enjoying a whole lot of life.  He's been kicked out of yet another prep school and he's on his way back home to be chastised by his family.  The book is in first person and it is Holden telling the story.  Throughout, we are introduced to several of Holden's old acquaintences and what he thought of them.  The story progresses all the way to the point where Holden returns home and visits with his younger sister.And THEN.... bam.... the ending...  which wasn't there.I really didn't enjoy this book much.  It reads quickly, which is about the only thing going for it.  Even in it's briefness, it was wordy and had many two page paragraphs, which most high school English teachers would blow a gasket over.  I enjoyed the slang, but it seemed overdone.It's not one of the worst books I've ever read, but in it's in the lower 10%.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who actually enjoys reading for a well thought out story with a good ending.  I would recommend it to high school students who have reading requirements.  Like I said, it reads quickly.
If possible I would have rated this a MINUS ONE Star. If this is an example of a Pulitzer Prize winner I certainly will avoid Pulitzer Prize winners in the future. This has got to be one of the most boring books I have ever read. I should have quit after the first few chapers, but was hoping that it would improve. Actually it contined to become more and more terrible. I regret my totally wasted time on this one and am so thankful I didn't spend any $$ on it--my local library had it. How could something of this caliber possibly be a "national bestseller"?
I got a copy when this was being offered for free. I didn't really like it. I wouldn't pay anything for it!!
This is a wonderful book by Jules Verne but this is just a terrible translation. Just read the first page of the preview and you will see. e.g. "Our good Martha could not but think she was very much behind-hand with the dinner" Is that even English? Seek out William Butcher's wonderful translation  of this great story by Verne.
Almost laughably disappointing. Berger obviously has the best of intentions, but his analysis is amateurish at best, pathetically reactionary (almost to the point of seeming to whine) at worst, and largely cribbed from thinkers of far greater intellectual originality and power than himself.For starters, he seems either ignorant of or unwilling to admit that what we broadly call 'mainstream visual art' is, was, and quite likely almost always has been directly tied up with wealth; with commissions, patronage, really with human commerce itself. Visual art isn't some pure, 'virginal' endeavor sullied by capitalism. Visual art is a creative activity which is intimately tied into and dependent on capitalism (really, on wealth) in the first place... and with displaying and re-affirming that wealth.His naive disgust with modern capitalism's collusion with art assumes that there was some magical time when art existed in a vacuum of economic/ideological purity, unsullied by the lucre of having to actually pay someone to produce a canvas or carve a church door or gild something. If such 'pure' art even exists in the first place, Berger provides literally no evidence for it: no examples from non-western European, 'traditional' cultures or even folk arts which might conceivably hint that some people make art for nothing more than their own personal pleasure.As if his shallow reading of these issues wasn't bad enough, he then goes on to make the utterly ludicrous claim that portraits of women, nudes, etc, show us that all women everywhere (and only ever women) are essentially shaped (really, he means warped) by the erotic gaze of male longing and domination. That's a powerful idea. It's also utterly indemonstrable and reeks of cheap psycho-analysis. Worse than that...it's a theory concocted to explain and reduce the female experience, which to be sure, has been cruelly unfair for the vast majority of human history, down into a narrow category of sexual expectation.Has John Berger ever MET an actual woman? What could be more bigoted, what could be more misogynistic, than dismissively generalizing all members of the female sex as simply 'damaged' by the male gaze, as if a single tiny statement was enough to claim to understand the full totality of the female experience and female suffering through out history? And of course, his visual examples of this are, again, cheaply cherry picked...just a few nudes (which to be sure, are pathetically offensive). Berger manages the odd feat of trying to empathize with the female subject in art and somehow making himself come across as an arrogant misogynist in the process.The problem with this book is that underneath it's crummy pseudo-analysis is a person who already knows how the world is to such a level of satisfaction that he has nothing left to discover or even really demonstrate about it. Capitalism? Oh it's ruined art. (Never mind telling us about what art from a non-capitalist culture is like) Women? Oh the poor things, they're so warped by male expectations its a miracle they can even stand up (Never mind that you don't relate any actual woman's experience at any point). Photography? Oh that's ruined art too by making images ubiquitous (never mind really examining photography fairly to see the myriad ways it has changed modern culture and modern art) This book proves one thing above all: the complacent intellectual smugness of the person who wrote it.Look, the relationship between the commercial world and the ever-changing world of visual artistic endeavor is a hugely diverse and complicated subject, as is the relationship between art and advertising. As is, especially, the relationship between gender roles and visual art through out history. Thinkers as diverse as Susan Sontag, Walter Benjamin, Virginia Woolf, Naomi Klein, etc. have all written elegantly and movingly about these topics. John Berger's &#34;Ways of Seeing&#34; tries to stand on the shoulders of such thinkers and falls off on nearly every page. Largely because the only thing Berger seems to 'see' is his own self-satisfaction.
I picked this book up because I love both Boston and the Garder Museum. The author has clearly done her research. Unfortunately, it shows a bit too much. I read it three days after I visited the Gardner; I found myself wishing I'd read it before, so that I could bring it along to use as a guidebook. It sometimes felt as though the exposition on how Wonderful and Fabulous the Gardner Museum is (which it is) and where the Vermeer is placed (which I'm sure is correct) got in the way of the plot.I should also say that I'm not a big fan of mystery novels where the killer is revealed early on. This was not a tightly-wound psychological mystery, so I REALLY wasn't a fan of the fact that the reader was more or less told who the killer was long, LONG before the conclusion of the book. It was a procedural. And I was thinking, "Okay, I know who did it, get to the point already."That was a general problem with a lot of the plot-- things were a little bit too telegraphed for my taste, although I think that's a matter of personal preference. We're told who is in love with who, and we're given minor characters that are more stereotypes than anything else. When their stereotypical qualities start having a bearing on the plot, it irritates me, since these qualities are those that are not possessed by normal people out in the real world. Similarly, a bequest figures heavily in the book, and a big part of it is that no one knows what the bequest really will be. I-- let's just say I found myself wondering about whether or not the denoument of that plotline would ever have been played out in an actual museum.On the other hand, I was really really anxious by one of the climactic moments of the book, which has more to do with the Gardner than the mystery, although a little of both. I was biting-my-nails anxious, even though I knew that the scene didn't really happen in the Real Life History of the Gardner. I love that museum, I really do. And certainly the book provides a nice overview of the place and its history and its eccentric but well-intentioned founder.
This is like a compilation of newspaper-level cursory articles.  Lots of quoting.  There is no analysis.  No conclusions offered.  Just comparisons of competing perspectives.  No thinking is involved.Save money and just do a Google search on articles and pick and choose the issues you are interested, and make your own conclusions.  Google makes books like this obsolete.Here is a concrete example of DePalma's lack of research and analysis:  he mentions Paul Napoli, just one of the many plaintiffs' trial attorneys involved in the WTC litigation.  This book portrays him as a self made brave street fighter.  What the book leaves out:  two minutes of Google research reveals that Paul is the son of Joseph Napoli, an infamous, wildly financially successful personal injury attorney who was disbarred in a HUGE bribery and evidence tampering scandal.  This "tidbit" would have added to the "arrogance" in the title.Really, if the author asked five random attorneys in the court houses, he could have learned this.It's like writing an article about Donald Trump's business exploits and success while leaving out that he inherited a lot of the starting capital from his father who was also in real estate in a huge way and is not exactly self made but enjoyed LOTS of advantages.I don't personally hold the lack of research and analysis against DePalma.  I think lots of journalists are like him.  Most New York Times articles I find to be just as cursory.
This book, which theorizes that Christ have faked his death and lived to survive a lineage that is now found in france(?!) accd to the 'research' and conclusion of its authors - might've been promising if it lived up to the critics' claim in their reviews, that this book have leveled into a fine "un-biased" "journalistic" approach. Apparently, the authors are totally predjudiced in their predicaments, and in their choice of resource materials resulting to that the book suffered into a whole lot of lenghty balabor, leaving a lot of holes amidst the 'facts' presumed and in their resulting analysis, that one would get the feeling that this whole book is only trying to encapsulate a siries of books about their (the authors') studies from which they have come to claim their conclusion about, which have come to be the theme of the book. The paperback edition features extras, including the narrative of the books' authors in response to their critics. Followed by a sequel "The Messianic Legacy". Anyhow, if in any case - sure it might be journalistic after all...  bad-kind of journalism that is.
In theory Beginning Spanish for the Utterly Confused sounds like a good teaching method; however it is not as effective as traditional teaching.  We found an old book (published in 1951) that is much more useful.  Having taken  two years of high school Spanish I know what is helpful and what is not.  This was not.  Don't waste your time.
I wanted to love this book. I truly did. It's about a subject dear to my heart, the title is wonderful, and the author is an unquestionable expert in his field. So why was I left so disappointed?Several reasons. First, the book is unfocused and overly broad. If Charles Bamforth had a thesis in mind when he wrote it, it's unclear what that thesis is aside from, "Beer is good." And let's face it, anyone who would pick this up already thinks beer is good! Each relatively brief chapter touch on a particular topic -- prohibition, what company owns what other companies, etc -- covering a fairly wide range of subjects, but none of them in great detail.Wait, that's not entirely true. The longest chapter goes into GREAT detail about breweries buying other breweries, who owns who, and so on. Fine as that may be for those interested in the purely business end of beer, it's far from "Reaching for the Soul of Beer and Brewing."Beyond that, you're jumping around fairly quickly without time enough spent on any one subject to adequately cover it.Those who love craft beer will be especially disappointed in this book. Not only does Bamforth barely even touch on the subject -- how one ignores such a sweeping revolution in brewing I do not know -- but when he does he's utterly dismissive of craft brews in general. In his view, a beer like Budweiser is best because it's consistent. Yes, consistently bland, he admits, but consistent. Craft beers are shrugged off as a gimmick.(The author at least discloses that he has a professional and financial interest in being an Anheuser Busch booster ... which means some readers may question his objectivity.)Oh, and the end notes? They take up close to 1/3 of the entire book's text. They're long, numerous, and are split between items that should have been directly in the text, tidbits that needed no clarification, and long, long personal stories. You'll need two bookmarks to read this, and that's a pain.Charles Bamforth comes across as a very nice, very knowledgeable man. I'd love to sit down and have a few pints with him. He's smart, has led an interesting life, and loves beer.I would not, however, like to read his book again.
This book is lame.  Idea that venture capitalists don't know what they are doing is a pretty bold charge, and criticism that we are myopic is also unreasonable.  MIDI of Japan did those big bold investments, and sometimes they got it right, and sometimes they got it wrong.  Problem with big bold investments is that if you are wrong, and you are the government, it becomes a boondoogle.  There is no way to shut it down.  Reason we have weak investments in silicon valley is that people aren't coming up with great ideas that merit funding, or aren't very good in explaining how their great idea is worth investing in.Starting a company is hard.  Making that company successful is hard.  Companies need to be allowed to fail.  But one of the consequences of failure is that people are willing to take a more conservative approach to flipping companies for short quick profits.It's unreasonable to expect something as big as the Internet to come along every decade.  It's really a once in a century type thing, and we need to get over the fact that we won't be doubling our stock every year.
This review may contain spoilers.I was so disappointed with this book.  I had heard from a lot of different people that this series is so great and one of their favorites, so I decided to give it a try.  I really don't understand why so many people love this book.  I thought some of it was cute, but overall it felt like something a preteen wrote.  I had no idea what this book was about when I started it, but as I read the beginning I thought it was a very interesting idea.  Sadly, the author took a cool concept and really dropped the ball with it.This book is the fantasy of every preteen and teen girl.  A girl goes back in time, meets a gorgeous and innocent guy, she is sort of forced to marry him, she teaches him about sex because she is so much more experienced, she kicks butt, he gets hurt (and raped!), and she nurses him back to health.  Oh, and they have lots and lots of hot, steamy sex while all of this is going on.  I read so many fanfictions with this plot when I was 13 or so, and it was not written much better in this book (including the sex scenes!).I really wanted to like this book, but I guess it just was not meant to be.  I probably won't read the rest of the series, especially a lot of people who actually liked the first book say that the rest of the books aren't as good. Overall, this book had some OK parts, but the rest was very disappointing.
The content is not sufficient for the price.I have a copy of the third edition and either I retained significantly more of what I read twenty five years ago or the book is vastly over-priced. It would be fine for someone with no knowledge of electronics IF it cost about thirty dollars.
This is a pretty terrible book, very disappointing. Written by management consultants, it is full of the typical consulting jargon that is so annoying.  Most of what they say is completely obvious. Don't waste your money.
This book by one of the few Turtles who didn't make it big, is just a long monologue on the author's view of risk.  There are some good points and things to think about but it's mostly a lot of words around a few simple principles.  It's a real disappointment.  I had to give up after four chapters.
I'm surprised to see so many people gave this book a 5 star rating. Firstly, the idea brought by the author is not new. Secondly, there are a lot of repetitions of the same arguments, but very few good examples are given. And finally, it is too boring and confusing to be read as a source of enlightenment.
I read this book in 7th grade as a part of the Civil War Unit of the History Curriculum.  YUCK!!  It was torture.I am now a middle school teacher and can not fathom how any teacher would force this book on a kid.  I have not reread it as an adult and have no intention in doing so.  However, this novel is rated at a 7th grade reading level, but I strongly suggest that no 7th grader is subjected to this book.
When a book about "Smart Pricing" isn't priced using any of the ideas it presents, you know they've got nothing. I won't blame the authors. They should have stuck to teaching only. It seems to me this book was cajoled out the authors by some editor (maybe he/she took their class?) trying to cash in on popular topics. This book is nothing more than a compilation of 15 years of class notes used by the professor authors. Most chapters are entirely too long and often change topic radically from beginning to end. The real title should have been Oddities, Experiments and Niche Pricing.The first chapter was a dead giveaway to how contrived this effort is. The entire chapter dwells on a single pricing experiment, never repeated, by Radiohead, an alternate rock band with a large cult following, in which they made one of their albums available for download for whatever their customers wanted to pay. They note that no actual sales numbers were ever released, so they don't know how successful it was, yet they keep coming back to this as if it is some kind of new pricing strategy the world should take note of. They also give an example of a single cafe (more accurately, it is categorized as a non-profit community kitchen, though not called that in the book) in Utah that uses a whatever-you-want-to-pay strategy. The problem is, just because a couple of people tried it does not make it a viable strategy. Not mentioned is how many people tried it and failed, or the downside to it (try getting a bank loan with this business model). In both examples, the target market is small and uniquely defined, so the type of product that pay-what-you-may will actually work for is very, very limited.They devote Chapter 5 to the automatic price markdown strategy which Filene's Basement pioneered, but since abandoned. Syms is the only noteable retailer still doing it (Update Dec. '11: Syms has gone out of business). It never caught on and needs specific circumstances to work, yet the authors seem to ponder why no one else is doing it.In other words, the authors tend to suggest some of the strategies they present are viable just because they found one or two examples.A few other issues (there are plenty more) with this book:1) The tagline is purely to drop names: hardly anything is mentioned about Google, Priceline or "Leading Businesses"2) Chapter 3 is a 15 year old example of a TV set price war in a developing eastern economy. At the end they note that it is not a strategy that could be used in a modern western economy. In fact, at the end of several chapters they note their example is probably outdated or of very limited potential3) They don't seem to get the internet. They printed a wrong URL for Craigs List and make the claim that eBay likes to use Dutch auctions (they don't). In the pay what you wish chapter, they could have mentioned online software publishers who only ask for donations to use their product. They also failed to mention the numerous web sites that took surveys of what people paid for their Radiohead download.4) Many of the examples they present are not pricing strategies at all, but marketing and promotion efforts, like "free." We know there is no such thing as a "free lunch." It is a marketing strategy to lure you in to paying for something that goes along with it. Or, in the case of Google, you get the content free and when you click on an ad, the advertiser pays for it.This is a very tedious and long-winded (they actually devote pages presenting proof that people prefer things for free versus paying for them!) book with most chapters entirely too long and filled with useless references and history. Most chapters seem to just be cut and pasted with various class notes made over the last 15 years, just in order to make each chapter longer. It is also poorly researched (there is no primary research I could find) and filled with speculation.I price stuff in my job, which is why I picked this book to review, and I can definitely tell you there is nothing new presented in this book. The majority of it is just a history of pricing experiments and niche strategies, poorly written, researched and edited, at that.
I did not enjoy this book as much as some of the others such as the White Lioness for instance.
There are books that are about sad or deep topics that make you think, but don't bring the mood down and then there are books that just quite bring the mood to the pits.  This one is of the latter group.  What a debbie downer that left me hoping that no one would compare me with Evvie and her crazy antics to get her estranged husband back.Evvie went to the ends of the earth to try to repair her marriage that was holding on by a string until the string broke.  She went above and beyond, hence the title to try to get her husband back in their home and in love with her.  I respect her ideas to try to repair, but she did some crazy things.I rarely read reviews of books before or during reading it, but this one made me stop and see if I was the only one that wasn't enjoying Evvie and her craziness.  Maybe I am.Has anyone else read this?  Am I alone in my thoughts?
Despite all the highly-rated reviews, I must agree with the Publisher's Weekly review above. I just couldn't get into this book. Even though the slight "mystery" aspect was there, it was a little too cookie-cutter for me. Nonetheless, I do realize we all have different tastes in books. For me, I need a little more suspense.
Nothing wrong with the product, but the Kindle search engines as found n a variety of products make the dictionary all but unusable. Buy the print version or do without.
The Catcher in the Rye is a verbose and rather mundane monologue. The main character, Holden Caufield, is an immature 17-year-old of average intelligence, and we're trapped listening to his inner ramblings for the entire book. He is constantly complaining, and the other characters in the book he interacts with dislike him for the most part.The plot arc is just as mundane:- To Holden, everything is either depressing or corny.- He is kicked out of school for not applying himself.- He blames the school for being 'full of phonies' (p.90) for his failure.- He goes to New York for a few days.- He calls a bunch of people who either don't want to hang out with him or regret it later.- He goes home and hangs out with his sister.Maybe this is stereotyping, but to me, depressed kids are usually highly intelligent. I kind of expected Holden to at least making interesting observations about the world around him.Maybe this book was a classic in another era. To me, The Catcher in the Rye is utterly forgettable. Holden's inner struggle to find his place, his way, or his meaning in the world, while noble, is uninteresting.
Not really any new info for me in here to appreciate the book..Im an avid reader and when I buy a book I look to learn more from it than I already knew.
My daughter started reading this series when it first came out.  She liked it so much, she asked me to read the books too.  To my surprise, I enjoyed them and looked forward to each installment.  When this book was announced as The End, I couldn't wait to read it.I didn't expect everything to be tied up in a neat bow with a big happy ending, but I did expect to have some answers.  There are a lot of unanswered questions and I didn't think it would be unreasonable to have some of them answered.I found this book boring.  It only took me 2 days to read it, more to just be done with it than because I couldn't put it down.  Nothing exciting happens, the Baudelaire's didn't have to get themselves out of trouble, it was just endless narrative, which in my opinion, could have been done in half the amount, but that would have made it a smaller book.  Way too much time spent on the arguing between the people living on the island.It would have been great to at least know if the Baudelaire's returned home and if they saw the Quagmire triplets again.  It makes me think that there's going to be another book and that's a shame.  If this was supposed to be "The End" then make it that.  I don't want to see another book coming out that's going to end up being just as disappointing as this one.
A handbook is usually defined as a concise reference book.  This book is neither concise, nor does it contain much one would want to reference after reading.  This book has some good information for people who are interested in considering becoming an IT manager, in that it describes various aspects of the job (with the note that an IT Manager job varies from firm to firm and may contain subsets of what is listed).  But I did not find anything useful for an existing (competent) IT Manager.At over 300 pages it is an odd collection of too much detail in places (such as security where an overview is important, but a few details are worse than none as it paints too simplistic a picture, and further security varies greatly from firm to firm) while other aspects are omitted completely such as development.  It also appears geared much more towards larger companies, which then would have other departments and people for many of the areas listed.
This book is not worth the paper it's printed on. The climax of the story, if you call it a climax, happens around the middle of the first chapter. And guess what happens in the rest of the book? Nothing, just imagry, metaphors, and wierd stuff that makes you think &quot; why do I care?&quot; Since Steinbeck's mother died around the time, all it was about was death, death, and imagery of death, and the deathes make you think &quot; gook riddence!&quot; Don't buy this book. It's aweful beyond words.
In a way, this book felt like an homage to the author's father.  I really feel it had a lot of promise in the early chapters, and I felt like I wanted to ATTACK MY DAY!!!  Unfortunately - and I feel for the son whose father has passed away as I learned in the touching stories in the book - I think this may have been a father-son collaboration that was finished after his passing, and there is a disjointed aspect to it for that reason.  I can only guess that is the reason that the book went from good to mediocre so abruptly.Then the book became a series of 1 to 2 page tips, more like something you'd read in a magazine like Real Simple. Definitely not something that made you want to sit and read the book.  It was too episodic, too short, not long enough to engage my attention.  To use the same metaphor as the title, I felt like this book attacked me with machine-gun fire advice delivered in so quick a mechanism I could hardly absorb it much less enjoy it.It's been a few weeks, and I can't remember a single thing I learned, except perhaps the oft-repeated advice not to check your e-mail first thing in the morning.
How totally ignorant is it that Volume 2 can be purchased for the Kindle when Volume 1 can't be purchased for the Kindle ?  This is the kind of stuff that keeps people upset and confused !
Truly a great book with an incredible level of using the English language to make you feel the dust and degradation of the spirit.. Steinbeck is a wordsmith with incredible insight into the soul.
This book is so out of date.  This book is just what it says, a book of lists.  There is nothing in this book that I couldn't find in about 30 seconds online.  If you don't have a computer in your room then it would be a good resources, but if you use the internet then it is a complete waste of money.
I purchased this book after reading a sample so I should have gotten something I would enjoy.  Unfortunately, it wasn't til I got the full version that the shifting back and forth in time and then back and forth in generations started.  I suffered through a third of this book and then gave up.  Too hard to follow and not enough in the story to put up with the changing back and forth for me to want to continue.  It is now in archive and incompletely read.
I found the title of this book slightly misleading. If you are looking for a set of rules (commandments) to set up your trend trading strategy, this is not the book for you. It does provide general trend following philosophies and gives a great historical account of the origins of trend following.There are plenty of inspirational quotes, most in the form of endnotes. In fact, I would guess about one-third of the 241 pages (total pages of 266 includes endnote sources, bibliography, etc.) consists of quotes from a wide spectrum of people from all different walks of life, excerpts from books, and even movie lines. This is great stuff and will certainly motivate you but I would rather have read more substance about the intricacies of trend following than a quote from the movie Hangover (very funny none the least).Also, you have to flip to the back of the book each time you read an endnote to find out where its origin. That's a pain, when there are over 320 endnotes!Another big chunk of the book is defending trend trading as a legitimate investment strategy. After a while, I was beginning to wonder why there are so many naysayers. It's a great strategy and the stats are there to back it up so I don't see the need to keep defending it every 5 pages.There are 3 pages of material that talk about various types of trading systems. This is the kind of information that I hoped would be in this book. There are also a couple of pages under the Quick Commandments header that list many great tidbits of wisdom from trend traders of the past and present, albeit very general in scope.Knowing that the author sells various courses on Trend Trading, Trend Commandments seems to be more of a marketing brochure for these programs.If you want to learn more about trend trading in more detail before jumping in with both feet, I would recommend reading the author's earlier writings: Trend Following and The Complete Turtle Trader.
I can't say I didn't enjoy reading this book at all.  I did.  BUT, at times I grew tired of money moving around in the same manner, house to trunk, trunk to apartment, apartment to storage unit, storage unit to storage unit and again, then unit to trunk, trunk back into house.  Not very imaginative really.  The main character flies around a lot, gambles some, is entertained by a rich guy, nothing even sinister there to get excited about.  A girl is introduced for no purpose at all really.  I stayed with it though, expecting a clever move finally and he'd be on easy street.  Not so.  The ending was a disappointment and completely unsatisfying.
Although I initially found this book interesting, I soon realized that the author really does not have great insight into Iranian culture.  I don't believe that you can really get great insight into a culture without having lived in the counry or studied it extensively.  Learning the language &quot;over beers&quot; as the author describes doesn't quite cut it.The author is doing a diservice by misrepresenting the language, the culture and the views of the Iranian culture as a whole.  Just a few examples of these misrepresentations include: first, multiple mistakes in the use of Farsi.  Granted, translating Farsi into phonetically spelled English isn't easy, there were still a number of glaring mistakes.  Second, the family was inconsistent in its behavior.  An educated, well-off colonel would not eat his meals on the floor as shown in the book, for example.  Finally, the character's actions were largely implausible.  This may have to do with plot more than anything.I did find the book captured the scenery and location of the Bay Area well.  I also found the book was a page turner which credits the author's narrative skill.  However, he needs to go back to school and truly learn more about the Iranian culture.
Title:  The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. SalingerPages: 214Time spent on the "to read" shelf: 4 or 5 months I think.Days spent reading it:  4 days.Why I read it:  The Catcher in the Rye is an American classic and very controversial.  I honestly wanted to see what was so controversial.  Also, it was one of those "classics" that I did not read while in high school.  In researching about it later I read that in 1981 it was the most censored book in US high schools and the second most taught book in high schools.  It was one of the 10 most challenged books in 2005, but it came off the list in 2006. Those are some fun facts for you.Brief review:This book frankly annoyed me.  The writing has very repetitive and had many aggravating sayings in it.  The word "really" is used almost as much as the curse words that are prevalent throughout the book (one reason it is often censored--I would guess that gd appears 2-3 times a page at minimum, sometimes significantly more).  And I assure you, both appear more than they need to, I really mean it.Holden Caulfield is the main character.  He is the epitome of teenage angst.  His world is utterly pessimistic.  He sees only the bad in everything except his sister and his deceased younger brother.  He is bright, but is failing out of school.  He is obsessed with sex, but cannot develop a relationship with a girl.  He is active and pursues all the pleasure trappings that a big city have, but has no defining meaning to his life.The book covers three days between him being kicked out of school and his untimely return home.  Holden is depressed, hates everyone, exaggerates EVERYTHING (annoyingly so), and seems to have few people skills.  In short, he is the perfect anti-hero and irritating enough that I did not like him one bit while reading this book.I suppose this book speaks to the hearts of some disaffected youth, but they would have to be interested in drudging through 200 pages of dribble in order to find the voice that Holden ultimately gives them.I found little redeeming quality in this book.  I felt like I was being attacked as a reader throughout the book.  The curse words were prevalent.  Holden's judgmental attitude and disquieting assessment that everyone was fake simply unnerved me.  The last 20 pages or so bring a little clarity to the book, but even that is not satisfying.  I read this article in wikipedia and found a little more clarity on the book, but not enough to ever allow me to suggest this to a friend.  I understand why people have tried to censor it (and sympathize with them even if I disagree with them), but honestly if it was not so controversial I think few people would ever pick it up and think "Hey, that's a great book!  Everyone should read this."In short, I'm glad I am not Holden Caulfield.  I respect those who relate to him and his story, but his life is from such a different perspective from mine that I never sympathized with the character and ultimately never connect to the book.Oddly, in reflecting on the book some--the tone, the overall message, the anxiety it produced in me, perhaps I give J.D. Salinger too little credit.  He probably got the exact response that he wanted out of me.  I hate it when that happens.  This is probably one of those books you mull over for a long time and never really like it, because its not fun.  But you can respect it because of the emotions and conflict it produces in the reader.  How interesting--actually reviewing the book in writing has changed my mind regarding my final critique of the book.Favorite quote: "Girls.  You never know what they are going to think."Stars: 2 out of 5 (I originally was going to give it 1, but its moving up based on my reflections).Final Word:  Really?
It is seldom that I leave a book without having finished it. It seemed to me to be extremely repetitive. John Self is (ha ha) an egotist advertisement-director Britishman who travels to the US to negotiate his first major film. An alcoholic and drug-addict, Self lives obssesed with a woman who cheats on him on a permanent basis. He gets drunk so many times it stops being funny. Amis can write and has a good sense of humor, but the story goes nowhere. Maybe other books by him are better.
This book gets hyped and I was led to believe it is something like Umberto Ecco or Dan Brown.  It is most certainly neither. I wanted to like this book, but it was just a bad experience. The Hypnerotomchica mystery is only a short part of the book, utterly superficial and most of all more than unbelievable.  If  you are interested in endless descriptions of Princeton campus life or of problems between a dead father and a son who rather has dates with his girlfriend than working on a far fetched mystery,  then you might like this book.  Otherwise it simply sucks.
I bought this book because I wanted to get a basic understanding of Buddhism. Although it was easy to read (hence the title, &quot;Plain And Simple&quot;), by page 30 I had no clue what Buddhism was about. It seemed like the rest of the book was going to be the same way. If Hagen is doing a thorough job teaching about Buddhism, than Buddhism seems to me to be more of a practice than a religion.
The exciting aspect of this book is that it was authored exclusively by Rodney Dangerfield.  When you read this volume you cannot help but hear Rodney Dangerfield's voice telling his story.  From Dangerfield's New York childhood to his surgeries in California, this book encompasses the life of a man who made a career commanding "No Respect."The book is lighthearted and very funny.  There are some lessons on life as well.  Though I thoroughly enjoyed the autobiography I also found it lacked detail -- or should I say it whetted my appetite for more.  Reading the book, it appeared that the chapters were directly transcribed from random notes or dictation recordings.  It is difficult to follow Dangerfield's career progression as the story jumps back and forth in time more often than Kurt Vonnegut's "Slaughter House Five."  Many of Dangerfield's recollections are not dated and I was often left wondering exactly when an event occurred.More importantly, Dangerfield introduces subjects about his very interesting life that beg additional detail.  For example, his reminiscences of movies such "Caddy Shack," "Easy Money," and "Back to School" easily deserved entire chapters, but were relegated to a handful of sentences.  Likewise he discusses his decade-long show business hiatus in order to sell aluminum siding, but the home improvement segment of his life is only a scattered reference throughout the book.  The bottom line is that in the future there is an opportunity for Rodney Dangerfield's estate to reissue an "Author's Cut" of this book that would lengthen the work ten fold.Still, I found the book humorous reading and look forward to the availability of the audio-CD, only if narrated by the author.
Invisible Forces and Powerful BeliefsBook ReviewBy Richard E. NobleThis book lost me. I should have realized that it wasn't "my thing." As a skeptic, I'm difficult but yet always hoping to find the "link" between what so many people hold dear and the world of scientific reality. The "History of God" by Karen Armstrong I found very engaging and intellectually satisfying - though unconvincing with regards to unification even among religions never mind science.This book's attempt to obfuscate "invisible" things with "imaginary" things doesn't make it for me. Gravity can be established with a certain degree of authority. Gods and angels and spirituals beliefs cannot. Beliefs can be believed but not verified or substantiated with any degree of scientific verification.There is also a language problem. As I have come to realize people in certain disciplines develop their own language. There is a language of "spiritualism" designed to simulate intelligent inquiry but is really deceptiveness in my opinion. As Galbraith pointed out in economics, there are those who do not want everybody to understand what they are talking about in order to keep their place of high regard in the field. In other words, make it confusing enough that no one can accurately criticize.We have this running rampant in politics. Candidates run for office on obscurity. Everyone thinks that they have understood only to find out after the election that they have been the victims of George Orwell's Doublespeak.In philosophy I have found the same thing. In the world of philosophical thought and writings one can find a particular philosopher or line of reasoning for even the most illogical of stances. This book is similar. The language is often deceptive with the design to make something sound intelligent when it is hardly such.I was going to send this book to a spiritualist friend of mine with the caveat that maybe he could make some sense of this, but decided it would be better not to waste his time either.I am sorry for the poor review but I should have realized with my mind set this book would be impossible. I'm not one for conformity with "Powerful Beliefs." I guess the use of the scientific term "gravity" is what threw me off track.That there could be a link between fantasy and reality is rather a stretch for me. Beliefs are just that; they are beliefs. Science is grounded in a concrete method. There are truly invisible things in scientific reality but they have been substantiated scientifically. With religious beliefs, powerful or not so powerful, we have nothing more than unconfirmed suspicions at best.I would recommend this book to believers not non-believers or skeptics of any sort. This is a work for the religious rationalists.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of:"Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother" Novel - Lawrence, Ma.
This book is extremely inconsistent and the author who is a Doctor thinks its ok for people to eat frozen meals, fruit that is canned in syrup, and that fat is evil. She barely even talks about fiber and nothing about omega 3, which both aid in insulin resistance. I disagree with most of her diet except the linking and balancing. That was very useful information and made sense on how are body processes carbs and protein. That's why I gave it 2 stars instead of one. If anyone with insulin-resistance is trying to regain health I would look else where, but I would encourage them to glance at part 2: The link-and-balance eating method.
The book sort of succeeds as a meandering cocktail chaser on behavioral economics (less so behavioral finance). The style is a staccato narrative in which the author interviews various experts (CEO of Harrah's, Andrew Lo of MIT). Because he interviews a scattered crew, it feels a bit like a intellectual roadtrip headed toward a big idea. Most chapters start with "As [this expert] explained to me ..." Nuggets I liked include:* Good non-academic explain of prospect theory and "disposition effect" (why i sell my winners and hold onto my losers)* I like his learning about dividends; under the behavioral view, they are less about traditional signaling (we are strong enough to fund dividends) and more about the company availing itself to certain investor classes* Although I've read case studies of Harrah's before (the CEO is well known for bringing a scientific approach to casino gaming), the author teased some good quotes of him; some of their data mining is counterintuitiveBut otherwise, as others note, the book does not deliver on its promise. It does awakens you to the fact that biases make a big difference; but there isn't much in the way of actionable advice on investing or personal finance. It's more like a warning bell: "hey, you've got biases. Pay attention." Many of the metaphors are strained; e.g., he flops trying to tie back the "inner game of tennis" to investing. In many of the vignettes, he just ends the story with a cliche that barely connects the story to the thesis.Part III is a hodge podge, I barely got through it. Football, tennis, credit cards, car accidents ("Don't talk on the phone while driving."). Didn't hold my interest. Part IV (CEO Behavior) is the weakest part. This could have been interesting (e.g., how an investor might try to gain insights into governance, a fuzzy buy important topic) but he goes totally off the rails and the editor went to the beach. In the last fifty pages or so, he actually tries to summarize the credit crisis and it's from left field.Like so many books these days, the prescriptions (the "how-to") are tacked on, in what feels like a deadline rush. He says "teach yourself the science of finance" and whatever he means, he hasn't laid the foundation for it. Although two recommendations are good (1. sleep on important decisions and, 2. the ultimate conclusion of the book vis-a-vis the promise is: hire a financial advisor. Delegation is the best way to overcome bias), the intellectual roadtrip doesn't go anywhere, there isn't a theme really. But I found the humility refreshing. You feel like the author really is interested in the topic, that the book was a vehicle for the expert interviews, and that he's got more questions than when he started. I would give it three starts for that, except I think that against the promise (i.e., something about helping you with money issues) I think the preponderance of meandering off-topic and lack of on-topic specifics (I don't recall a single actual concrete investment/finance example or mini-case), I think it deserves two stars.
I had such high hopes, and it was painful to be so disappointed that I intentionally left it behind on a trip, because I did not want to carry the book home with me.
I read a lot of crime novels, and this one sits down at the bottom of the bunch. The idea of two serial killers working in tandem has already been done before (as early as James Patterson's Kiss The Girls), and this one brings nothing new to the concept. Instead, we're treated to lengthy descriptions of the main characters' personal lives. Tom Thorne seems to be conflicted by something new in every novel, but this novel was so tiresome I forgot what he was upset about a day after reading it. There's Thorne's young partner who is in a troubled relationship. There's a new female officer who is eager to prove herself - and also has a drug addiction.When the book remembers it's actually a crime novel, it isn't too bad. There are decent moments of suspense, and one or two twists, but I saw the ending coming from a mile away. All in all, Scaredy Cat feels like an extended episode of NYPD Blue or The Bill (a British police series). It's unoriginal, exceedlingly soapy and often predictable. You're better off picking up Lazybones or Sleepyhead, which are decent crime novels by the same author.
I read Time Traveler's Wife for my book club.  We all agreed that the characters were poorly developed, there were numerous unexplained inconsistencies, and so many potentially really good scenarios were dropped.  I think if the author had whittled it down to a short story, it could have been excellent.
The most challenging part of string theory for those who want to learn it is not the routine calculations and "index gymnastics" that is found in this book but rather the essential meaning and "intuition" behind the mathematics of the theory. As physical theories go, string theory makes unprecedented use of very complicated and esoteric mathematics, coming from fields such as algebraic geometry, algebraic topology, and the theory of several complex variables. The cover of this book promises that the reader will be able to understand the mathematical tools necessary to "decipher" string theory, but it does not make good on these promises.What the book does rather well is to introduce the reader well versed in relativistic quantum field theory to string theory as it was articulated in the first two decades of its discovery as a theory. Yes, the author does discuss more modern topics in string theory such as D-branes, Chan-Paton indices, the Ads/CFT correspondence, and the holographic principle, but he does so in a manner that does not shed light on the formidable mathematics behind these concepts. The treatment is very cursory and does not prepare the reader for meaningful perusal of the research literature.There is no discussion for example on the mathematics of Calabi-Yau manifolds, and the accompanying notions of holonomy, mirror symmetry, and orbifolds. There is no in-depth discussion on how non-Abelian gauge symmetries are incorporated into string theory other than what is done in one chapter on heterotic string theory. There is no discussion at all on how to use K-theory to classify D-brane charges. Yes, these are all complex mathematical topics, but it is THESE topics that cause problems for students or those curious about string theory, especially those that are teaching themselves, a readership that this book was supposedly written to target.This reviewer recommends the book by Becker, Becker, and Schwarz as the best one for addressing some of the "intuition" behind the mathematics of string theory. To get a deep appreciation of this mathematics though will require years of study and searching in the original mathematical literature, some of this going back over a century. It is well worth the time and effort, even if one does not intend to conduct original research in string theory, but instead is passionately curious about what could in terms of its mathematics alone be easily described as the most beautiful theory ever constructed.
I had high expectations when I first got Riders of the Purple Sage.  It proved to be repetitive & tiresome.  I couldn't get through it.I would highly recommend The Cowboy & the Cossack & Lonesome Dove.
Did I miss something here? What in the world was this book about? How can anyone say it even has a plot, let alone is worthy of being considered a classic? This pessimistic teenager gets kicked out of school (his third one) for not applying himself. You get the idea that he's smart, but he just doesn't care about anything. There are random references to his dead brother Allie, maybe that's a cause for his disillusionment with the world, but it's never really verified. This story was disappointing in that nothing significant happened. I kept waiting, and turning the pages, but at the end of the day it was a disappointment.
The set I wanted was Gold colored and pictured as such!  The set that came was blue....very disappointed.  Contacted supplier but was ignored.
This is one of the very few books that I feel I got absolutely NOTHING to learn from. The book is full of useless scripts of the worst kind. You will learn absolutely nothing from it. If You need pre-written scripts, there are 100's of web pages out there that will give You much better scripts for free. I'm sorry, but I don't find anything good to write about this book. Sad, but true.
I love good historical fiction, and I became a huge Gary Jennings fan when I read Aztec.  As of a couple of years ago I thought I had read all of his novels, but recently discovered I had overlooked "The Journeyer" so I downloaded it to my Kindle.  I bought it about 3 weeks ago and am still trying to slog through it - as much as I love a good, long read, I just can't get into this one.  To be honest, I don't read novels too much any more, which I suppose is part of the problem.  Aside from that though, as much as I enjoyed his excellent descriptions in his other works, there are just too many in this one.  There is so much description of every little thing, I wish he would just move forward with less.  This novel is not for prudes either - he goes into great detail about sexual exploits with children, animals and no telling what's still to come (and let's just say that like most men, Marco is overly confident about his skills and "success rate").  Anyway, it's been 3 weeks and I just reached the halfway point.  I can only hope it gets better.It's been at least a couple of weeks since I wrote this initial review, and I am happy to report that I have finally finished the book.  The end flowed much more quickly than the rest of the read, which did not get much if any better following what I wrote above. I am curious though, and some other reviewers (I can't recall which ones) have recommended other works on the journeys of Marco Polo wo I may check those out after having read this fictional account.  I will give credit to the author - how he ever came up with some of the ideas of plans, tools, and instruments that were written in this book, I will never know; I can only say it took an exceptional imagination - I just wish he had described them more succinctly.
Grisham leaves the courtrooms for cotton fields in what appears to be an attempt to write a Faulkner-type tale. The author does live up to his reputation as an inventive, plot-driven storyteller, but bottom line is this book does more exploring the fact that farming is a tough gig than it does creating a riveting work of fiction.
Including a number of blank pages, this book is short of 150 pages of text, with lots of white space on the page.  A good book certainly doesn't need to be long, but this is something you would be challenged to spend more than a 1/2 hour with.  There just is not a whole lot here beyond what might have been conveyed in a 5-10 page article in a weekly news magazine on "How Obama Won the Election."  Yes, it is good to know that Obama kept his cool, had a social network, and stayed on message, but there really is no depth to this book at all.  You can get the substance of the book simply by reading chapter headings and subheadings.I think there are lessons to be learned from campaigns (including this one where on-the-ground organization was a key), but there really is little here that anyone might have gotten from following any general account of the 2008 election.  Sure, maybe we can learn from Obama's winning campaign, but this book really doesn't get beyond the obvious.A disappoinment.
Can't be bothered to force myself to continue reading this.  Free was too much to pay.
A book like this can do three good things. It can be fun to read, well-written and amusing. It can show deep love and understanding of a sport, giving insights to participants and fans. Or it can illustrate quantitative reasoning, finding non-obvious conclusion from data.Few books do all three.Moneyballhas brilliant writing and baseball insight, but no clever reasoning.The Bill James Handbook 2010teaches important things about baseball and quantitative reasoning, but is weak on literary style.Mathletics: How Gamblers, Managers, and Sports Enthusiasts Use Mathematics in Baseball, Basketball, and Footballis fun to read and a great way to learn reasoning, but the author's interest stops at the box score, he never goes to the field.This book does none of the above. The writing is wooden and often unclear. There is no interest in the games. Worst of all, the arguments are deeply flawed.The first extended example claims to prove that shooting percentage in basketball is a better indication of player talent than points scored. This is surprising on the surface. When players do things under reasonably standard conditions, kick points after touchdowns, shoot free throws or bat in baseball, with well-defined outcomes, their average performance is usually tracked. But when players do things under widely varying conditions, especially when their team picks the attempts, we use totals instead. Thus total field goals made for a football kicker, but percentage of points after touchdown; total points scored in basketball, along with free-throw percentage; total RBI's for a baseball player, but batting average (or better, OPS). Totals are also good because they make adjustments for intangibles, for example a good defensive player in many sports will get higher offensive totals, because he is inserted for his defense. Or if a player has good teammates, he will benefit from less defensive attention, but lose out from fewer attempts. Averages can only measure specific skills, not contributions to the team.To a first approximation, all players on a basketball team should have the same shooting percentage. If a player shoots better than his teammates, he should take more shots, including lower-probability ones, and attract more defensive attention; freeing up better opportunities with less defensive pressure for his teammates. His percentage should go down, and theirs should go up, until equilibrium is reached. The better shooter will show up by getting more points, but not a higher percentage.This is not exactly true. A point guard, for example, can get a shot every possession, with little work or risk. Getting the ball to the center, with his hands above his waist near the basket, takes work and risks turnovers. So point guards need lower shooting percentages than centers. But the general principle applies, that you expect shooting percentage to vary according the team and a player's role, not according to his talent.So how do the authors support their surprising contention? By regressing team wins on team shooting percentage. This is known as the ecological fallacy, attributing characteristics of a team on the players that make it up. Of course improving team shooting percentage is good, that's what happens when you put a better shooter in the game. But it is reflected in everyone's percentage, not just the good shooter's.They compound the problem by validating the result in sample. They never test whether or not it is true, they just assert basketball fans and executives are stupid. I did a simple test. I looked at all NBA players since 1987 who changed teams or positions. For example, Jack Jarrett went from Portland's first backup point guard in 2007-08 to Indiana's starting shooting guard in 2008-09, replacing Marquis Daniels. If something is a skill inherent to a player, Jarrett's 2008-09 performance should be predicted by his 2007-08 performance; but if it results from the role on the team, it should be predicted by Marquis Daniels' 2007-08 performance.Free-throw percentage is unambiguously player talent, there is no significant statistical effect of the role. The same is true of points. But field-goal percentages are predicted best by about equal combination of player and role. That makes sense, a better shooter will come in and raise the team's shooting percentage, including the percentage for his role, but not up to the full level of his talent, as he will take more shots, and more low-probability shots.I don't claim this proves anything, it's just as sloppy as the authors' work. It does show that you need to test things, not just run a regression and declare yourself the smartest people in the world.Another long portion examines racism in NFL quarterback selection. The method is to compare ten white Hall of Fame quarterbacks with four black quarterbacks who had similar per-game stats but shorter careers, only one of whom made it to the Hall. No one can seriously deny that the NFL discriminated against black quarterbacks for most of its existence, but this argument for it is fallacious due to selection bias. By selecting only successful (i.e. Hall of Fame) whites for the comparison group, the authors virtually guaranteed that the black quarterbacks would come up short. What you need to do is pre-select a group of players, based on criteria known before success is determined, and compare the experiences of whites versus blacks.These are by no means the only errors. The problem with basketball shooting percentage (ecological fallacy, in-sample metrics, no testing) is repeated, and other errors are added, in the construction of "wins" indices for basketball and football. These underlie the arguments in more than half the book, rendering them worthless.There are some good things about this book. The bibliography cites some excellent books and papers (unfortunately, many of the sound results are butchered by the authors' presentation). It is very short, 138 pages of text and if you don't count long lists barely mentioned in the text, it's probably under 100. The page size is small as well, suggesting the authors had trouble finding enough errors to fill a normal-sized book. Regression appears to be the only technique the authors know how to misuse. Finally, they confine their nonsense to sports. Imagine what would happen if they took their models to Wall Street (whoops, maybe they did).
If the Kranks really did what they set out to do and skip Christmas, that would have been a good story.  The end.Instead, they end up having to scramble to try & make Christmas "happen" for their daughter unexpectedly coming home.  In other words - a typical stressful material holiday, instead of a celebration of friends, family, or even, gasp! Christ's birth.  I agree - if you don't want to celebrate Christ's birth, if you don't want presents and holiday decorations and family time - skip it.  Why torture yourself?It would have been a good story if they did this.  Instead, the plot deteriorated into a very stupid, ridiculous and unrealistic dash to the finish line of "making Christmas happen."A completely unsatisfying and unfunny read.  Threw it away so others wouldn't have the displeasure of reading it.
Perhaps it is because this book is rather dated, but I only found this book to be ok. I found it very old-fashioned and prudish at times - though I am sure it was quite the scandal in its day! It was a day's worth of light reading, something to pass the time. But I would not label it as a favorite of mine.I couldn't help but feel sorry for the men in the story, rather than for Carrie.  Carrie is spoiled, manipulative and destructive in her pursuit of the "finer things in life".  The men she uses to get there suffer the most for it!If you like this book, the $2.95 price tag for this edition is worth it!  I first downloaded the freebie, but the formatting was so off, I went ahead and downloaded this one.  I just wish I had enjoyed the story better...
Who put it into Pynchon's head that he could write? I mean, even the first page of this book offends my sensibilities. I don't care about the supposed "ideas" he has, where he went to college, where he worked after the navy--the bottom line is, the man can't write. I think he knows this, and he feeds off of it. Hence the style of his book. Or lack thereof. His art is heartless. Can there be any debate about that? In college, the few people who liked Pynchon were all science fiction readers and, yes, heartless people. With a bone to pick. (Go outside and toss the ball, fellas. You'll perk up in no time.)
I got a couple of these "Fast Track to Success" books at the same time, and am not impressed at all. They seem to be built for a specific format rather than providing useful content. The level of the books is nearly childish, for example this gem of wisdom from the management experts, "Don't lose your patience while listening." Yep, good advice we all agree. There's also a goofy first ten weeks at your job section which attempts to automate the learning process and focus on job advancement. All the business cliches in one thin book.
I found myself re-experiencing the latest Dateline episode.  Primary thought:  "Duh."I found this too simplistic to enjoy.
What a stubborn, perplexing book. If I had any kind of life, I might resent the time this novel extracted from it to afflict me with its arch, dark-gray worldview.I know, I know. Being that I didn't go to an Ivy League college, don't visit the Guggenheim for relaxation, or work out while listening to atonal music, I probably had little chance making any headway here. Don DeLillo is just out of my league. I'm like an ant trying to learn brain surgery reading this book.So here's what happens, as best I can figure. A college professor named Gladney who chairs a department on Hitler studies in a nameless college finds he has contracted a strange contamination and finds himself unable to face the prospect of his death. He is befriended by a visiting professor who wants to form his own academic discipline around Elvis. Meanwhile, his wife takes these strange pills, and assorted children run about, having hyperliterate conversations about nucleotides and the perils of sugarless gum.The point of the novel, as best I can figure, is that we are all surrounded by waves and waves of meaningless sounds, images, and information designed to prop us up through our brief sojourns along this mortal highway. "We need an occasional catastrophe to break up the incessant bombardment of information," one of Gladney's colleagues says, before they get one courtesy of an "airborne toxic event" that afflicts Gladney with his sad condition.Sad, except you never buy any of these people as real. Instead, they seem two-dimensional philosophic constructs designed to trot out some of DeLillo's often fascinating but always depressing ideas about the nature of man in a Godless universe. I couldn't get close to any of these people, not that I didn't try.There are those like the New York Times reviewer who describe "White Noise" as comic, and there are some archly amusing lines. One professor congratulates Gladney thusly: "Nobody on the faculty of any college or university in this part of the country can so much as utter the word Hitler without a nod in your direction, literally or metaphorically...He is now your Hitler, Gladney's Hitler. It must be deeply satisfying for you." That's irony, in case you didn't guess, even more pronounced because the speaker's Jewish."White Noise" is certainly surreal. When a plane is about to crash, the voice on the address system informs the passengers: "We're a silver gleaming death machine." People fleeing the deadly cloud complain about the lack of media coverage. A friend of one of the children plans to insert himself in a glass cage with deadly mambas for 70 hours, to break the world record. There are moments of amusement, more dry chuckles than anything else. Certainly not engagement.I've read a couple of other DeLillo novels and liked them. "Underworld" was also surreal, but I cared more about the characters and the situations they found themselves in. "Libra" is a solid examination of the Kennedy assassination, a tour de force of imaginative historical reconstruction.But I found "White Noise" a mess. If you find otherwise, congratulations. Just don't say I didn't warn you.
Saluzzi & Arnuk are talking their own book... they happen to be better at being part of the lucky sperm club and running a company around a cluby old boy's network of phone based trading. Better, faster, smarter firms are competing with them and have been taking the lead for several years. Perhaps neither style is full of rainbows and smiles... but the stock market in this same period of time has veered to support a meritocratic system where the firms that work the hardest and are the smartest have an edge.Readers should know that Saluzzi & Arnuk are entrenched industry players and are the far far far from being neutral investigative reporters or commentators.
_Sign of the Chrysanthemum_ is a halfhearted stab at _Johnny Tremain_, set in feudal Japan.  Again, young lad searches for his identity and his father.  Again, young lad is swept up in political events beyond his understanding.  Unfortunately, the writing is nowhere near as vivid, nor are the characters nearly as sympathetic in _Sign_.There's got to be a better look into feudal Japan for young readers than this.
I only finished this book because I've enjoyed the author's previous novels so much.  This treatment of time travel had some clever technological explanations, but when you've said that, you've said it all.  The characterization was poor and the plot plodded on with very little  excitement.  At the end of the day, I didn't care whether they ever got  back or not.  The ending was not satisfactory either...I hope there's no  sequel coming!
Not good, not scary, not worth the money. I suppose back when it was published it was scary, but today it held very little thrills or my attention.
Clinton is the Warren Harding of the late 20th Century. Harding had a great presidency; peace, prosperity, a roaring economy and oversaw a massive industrial manufacturing boom that made America the dominant nation in the world. Of course, Harding had very little to do with any of these accomplishments and is remembered as perhaps our worst president. His term was filled with scandal, and the prosperity was short-lived.The parallels to Clinton are uncanny. Clinton entered office as a recession came to its cyclical end, and enjoyed the peace dividend of our victory in the Cold War. The end of the S&L; bailout (remember that?) that taxed our yearly deficit coupled with an internet boom set the stage for a REPUBLICAN Congress to balance the budget and assert fiscal discipline in Washington (Clinton NEVER proposed a balanced budget with a Democrat Congress, in fact his Labor Secretary, the self-appointed economic guru Robert Reisch stated the administration did not have balanced budgets as a goal in 1993). The economy roared, the stocket market rocketed, and by the time he left office our nation was in recession and suffering from his neglect of corporate corruption and unchecked terrorist activity.Clinton cannot, and has not, pointed to anything specific he did to create the economic success of the 90s, it of course was accomplished by the hard work of the American people. His book attributes deep meaning and importance to his nearly every waking act since kindergarten. As the chief guardian of our constitution and nation's laws, he of course broke them then committed perjury to hide his crime. He was disbarred and impeached, yet Clinton calls this a badge of honor. Anyone who has the time and patience to wade through this unsettling testament to a true sociopath has essentially forfeited the right to complain about anything. Is it possible to admire this man, who solicited campaign donations from the Red Chinese through a conduit he installed in the Commerce Dept., and call yourself a patriot?Clinton embodies the greedy immoral ethos of his generation that shames the honor of the great men who died and fought to make this country free. People who admire Clinton scorn a good man like Clarence Thomas despite the fact Clinton's known offenses of women make Thomas look celibate by comparison. While Clinton gets rich peddling his book and making corporate speeches, Bush is left to revitalize the bust economy and defeat the emboldened terrorists that Clinton willed to him.It is hard to find any act of Clinton that is not self-serving, and this book continues the trend. He demands admiration and/or understanding for everything he has done, like a small insecure child demanding validation. One difference between Clinton and Harding is that Harding admitted he should never have been President. A truly honest book from Clinton would have come to the same conclusion.
This is a story about the Oedipus conflict, taken to the extreme.It is the story about once-smart boy, who, after an inexplicable incident, loses his memory and intelligence and gains the ability to cat whisper. Some are more difficult to converse with than others, (p 76) "You have to anticipate a few problems when cats and humans try to speak to each other." The boy becomes a man. His shadow is only half as dark as it should be. He goes on a journey.It's the story of a runaway.It is the story of Colonel Sanders; excessive sleep; graphic sex; Johnnie Walker; love; leeches; murder; mayhem; a stone, an appendageless, long, thin, pale parasite as "thick as a man's arm;" soldiers, etc., etc.It is the story of a lot of weird, wild, wacky things, twists, turns and surprises. And if, by reading through to the end, the reader were to be able to figure out how all of the characters and concepts were connected, it might be worth the read. Some things become clear. Most remains oddly cloudy. Having enjoyed (but not entirely understood) two other books by Murakami: The Upside-Down Bird Chronicle, and Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman, I thought I was up for the challenge. But this book takes the cake as the strangest book I've ever read. Skip it, and choose instead, either of the two aforementioned, both by Murakami. Also good: The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka.
Decent book, not worth full price, buy used.  Psychology grad school books are always pricey, but buy them used, save yourself tuition money.
What's happened to editorial discipline and writer restraint?  Someone should have at least had the professional perspective to realize that some stories need to be heavily repaired before putting print ink to paper.  Crichton and his editors obviously felt that this book would sell on name recognition alone.The problems: 1) stereotypical characters, 2)  unbelievable motivations, 3)  underdeveloped subplots that could have added a lot to the story but were dropped or badly handled, and, for me the biggest problem 4) the bad guy received a punishment NOT equal to the crimes committed.  He didn't kill anybody and wasn't threatening to take over the world.  He was just trying to make money by UNDERUTILIZING a remarkable scientific process.  A more suitable judgement would have been for him to lose his company and be shamed in the eyes of his competitors.The good:  Some of the scenes had good cinematic impact, but even these were overshadowed by the overall lack of cohesiveness.
The main attraction of Mallat's book is the wide range of the material it covers, but I feel that this feature is more than outweighed by its multitude of failings. Having used it as a textbook in an applied math course, I'm intimately acquainted with those failings.At first glance, this is an impressive work: it covers everything from Fourier analysis (in L1,L2,distributions,discrete) and the sampling theorem, to frames and Riesz bases, to the continuous wavelet transform, to the discrete wavelet transform, to wavelets on intervals, to wavelets via lifting, and talks about using wavelets to characterize regularity and fractal signals-- and that's just what I've looked at so far--... so it's quite encyclopedic.  Perhaps that is why the book is unpalatable; it has more the character of an information dump than the leisurely tour suggested by the title.The order of the presentation is horribly confusing: the results on frames, wavelets, and Riesz bases are presented in a mishmash that makes it hard to keep in mind the logical order of their development. Lots of important details aren't mentioned, or are given short shrift, e.g. the properties of the discrete Fourier transform are not enumerated the way those of the continuous Fourier transform are, so you must verify that analogues hold. In particular, little to no attention is given to numerical implementation of the algorithms-- e.g. he shows spectrograms and periodograms without saying how they are generated-- and when some lip service is paid to these issues, he is sparse on the details, and confusing. This is particularly annoying because the gaps in your knowledge don't show until you start trying to program these algorithms.All of these failings pale in comparison to the poor editing: this book *abounds* in typos, both subtle and obvious. You simply can't take anything it states at face value.My suggestion: pick an area you're interested in (frames, dyadic wavelets, second generation wavelets, numerical implementations of wavelets, etc.) and find a more appropriate specialized book.
America, Welcome to the Poorhouse - never in my lifetime has this been more truly said, and things still seem to be getting worse! Well, in this book, 401(k) advocate Jane White, looks at what the United States should do to provide for the future of retirees, as all Americans will eventually be.For the most part, I did not find this book very helpful. Now that we are farther along in the slow-motion train crash that U.S. economy has become, some things are more visible. Legislating that employers contribute more to their employees' retirement plans sounds nice, but in an era when unemployment is still increasing, it is probably not a good idea. Some of her advice is good, but her overall big-government slant sounds increasingly out-of-touch with current economic realities.For the most part, I thought that this was an OK book, but I must say that I did not think that the author was on-target...or even mostly on-target. Times have changed, and I do not think that Ms. White's advice is good for these times. I must say that I do not recommend this book.
The true test of the Java 2 Certification Exam Guide is to actually take the Java 2 Certification exam and see if you pass.But that's something I'm not going to risk after reading this book.While there's thoughtful  treatment of many Java issues, from the mundane to the esoteric, the  presentation of these issues suffers from errors in both substance and  typography.Consider chapter 2, Java Programming Essentials.  As you read  through the chapter, you manage to ignore the various typos, after all, you  already know Java, you're just trying to study for the exam.  (It's just  annoying to have to put up with them.)You work through the exercises,  and get philosophical as the authors ask you a question about a method that  isn't even defined in the code sample they present.  Are you supposed to  use your imagination?  I don't think that'd be a good idea on the actual  exam.Finally, you get to the end of the chapter to check your answers.  Chapter 2 has exercises numbered 1 through 17.  But the answers are  numbered 1 through 19 ... and the answer for 17 doesn't have anything to do  with the question for 17!  You toss the book down in disgust.That's  unfortunately representative of much of the rest of the book.  It seems  pretty clear that the authors, the editors, and the publisher were rushing  to get this text out.  More's the pity, the book had real potential, with a  lot of breadth.  Maybe these problems will go away in a second or third  edition ... but maybe Java 3 will be out then, too!
I read this book after being told it was in the genre of the DaVinci Code. I just never found it to be engaging at all. The mystery the friends set out to solve didn't interest me in the least. The solution was improbable and unsatisfying. The friendship of the "four" was also just not of interest to me. I can see that alumni of Princeton would like this book since it is set on campus and contains many quirky (though again very uninteresting) details about life on that campus. I do have to say that I finished the book, although it was one of those "this just has to get better" quests that went unfulfilled.
I feel this story was long and drawn out. It didn't hold my attention well. I kept having to force myself to read. The only reason I finished this story was out of respect for my fellow book club ladies....only to find out they were as disappointed about the book as I.
Every once in a while, a management guru or academician writes a book so idealistic and simple in its basic premise that it appeals to scholars and businesspeople alike solely for the inherent beauty in its simplicity. Much like the appeal of fairy tales or biographies. No fuss, no complexity, no crooked lines. But whereas this way of storytelling is charming when describing a lifelong career or the fate of princess or princesses, it becomes downright repulsive when applied to modern business and economics. Not only repulsive, but also dangerous.  Jensen is learned and a fine raconteur at that, which he uses to his advantage in this book. The basic premise, that corporations of today are selling stories instead of products is intriguing, if not completely original (Pine &amp; Gilmore described the progression of economic offerings towards experience and entertainment in their 1999 book "The Experience Economy"). Had Jensen stayed within the boundaries of a conventional management book, i.e. simplified descriptions and corporate nice-to-know facts, The Dream Society would have been a fair effort, if slightly trivial. The big misstep that Jensen makes is that he, like too many other colleagues, starts to add a philantrophical aspect to his ideas. Not only can the striving towards a dream society be applied to goods and services, but also on the modern family, on the third world, on modern labour, globalization, urbanization etc. In fact, so amazing is Jensens Dream paradigm that there is no area or phenomenon that is left unexplored. Actually, "unexplored" is an inaccurate description. There is no area that Jensen doesn't beleaguer with his newly found buzzword-baby. That's where the book sets off on thin ice. To fully explore a principle, such as "The Dream Society", one must look at its flaws and dangers. The term "fundamentalist" is what we use to describe the people that don't and instead take the written word as the formula to follow. Jensen displays similar dogma and fanaticism in his belief that The Dream Society is our goal and destiny. As he runs astray from the description of economic offerings, he looses the integrity that he displays in the early chapters of the book, his "succesful" attempts to apply the theory to, well, anything become more comical... and questionable.
I do realize this was written in a different time and is one of many classic English mysteries; but give me an Agatha Christie novel any day.  Characters were confusing to me and unrelatable.  The flow of the book was awkward and difficult to want to finish, I was ready to put it down 1/3 of the way in.  I did complete this novel with regrets.
The writing is smooth. The narrative is even. But's there's no story there, as Gertrude would have said. I got to page 135 and could not care any longer. These guys should go back to Novel Writing 101. They must be laughing all the way to bank, however, having masterminded this [is not the way to be] brilliant bestseller.
Enjoyed perhaps 20% of this book. It was hard to follow because continually author moved from one time period to another explaining his experiences in relation to his vet experiences. This was not as seamless as could have been. Also left stories hanging with no point at the end of a story. Sadly, I was not able to even finish the book as the editing errors were too frustrating.
This book was recommended to me as the bible of active management. I attempted reading it several times, but gave up everytime. Coming from a science and engineering background, I find the exposition verbose, yet lacking a ground-up derive-from-fundamentals approach. Even in the description of CAPM, I cannot tell the assumptions from the conclusions of the theory. The book is not an easy read, but I don't think that's because the subject is inherently hard.
When I finished this book I couldn't help wondering why it was rated so highly.  It was okay, but I wouldn't pass it on to my friends.
I was also reminded of this book cuz of the PBS show. Those PBS guys are phonies and all, aren't they? Remember a few years ago when their top execs were smoozing up to some phony Muslim Brotherhood guys, trying to get some money from them and everything? That was funny when they got fired.There are alot of phonies out there. I hate phonies. They put on airs and think they're really smart and special and all. If you ever went lookin for phonies, and I don't know why you would, but if you did just go to Hollywood and Manhattan and the Ivy League schools. They all hang out together and they think exactly the same things cause they're so intellectual and all. Then these guys can write a book that's really hardly about anything at all and everyone says its so deep and so true and everything. But then there really doesn't need to be anything worth a hoot in the book but when everyone says its just so deep and profound and then everyone else agrees. Phonies!Then you can get to be thought of as even smarter and even more brilliant if you ignore the other eggheads & don't write a bunch of books and you become a recluse. That proves that you're even more brilliant, except you really aren't. The more you snub everyone the more brilliant you get & then you can write a few things that don't say nothin but they're probably just too deep for some of ya to understand. It's like when that guy put a picture of Jesus in a jar of urine and then everyone looked at it and said that he was really brilliant to do that. I don't think that's so brilliant and all. And I don't think this book was either. But that's just me. HC
I would like to begin this review with a disclaimer:  I am not a prude. I'm young, I'm not religious, and I can crack sex jokes with the best of them. Despite this, I didn't like the book, and my main reason is the amount of sex and the lack of reason for it.Actually, I lie. My biggest problem with this novel is the poorly-drawn characters. Claire, to whom the title refers, is so personality-less that her role could have been filled with just about any character type. The time traveler himself is a bit deeper, but still not very. One would imagine that the predicament that he lives with would incite more inner conflict, which would give Niffenegger a bright chance to develop the characters... but the opportunity is not taken.As if she can't write the emotional depth that would manifest in a convoluted relationship like that of the time traveler and his wife, Niffenegger resorts to sex. Not to say that the book is brimming with copulation, but there is more than enough of it that several months after reading the book, I remember little else. Again, I have nothing against sex in books, but when that sex happens between two sketchy characters my attention wanders and my affection for the book wanes. The premise for this book is interesting enough, but the execution is poor. When it comes down to it, "The Time Traveler's Wife" is simply a romance novel set to a novel background. It isn't a complete waste of time, but I doubt any intrinsic value will be gained by reading it.For people who are looking for a more intelligent time travel book, I suggest Doomsday Book by Connie Willis. I assure you that the slightly higher reading level is well worth the effort.
Arrrrrrrrrgh.  That's all I have to say about this latest installment of Ms. Gabaldon.  I have read the previous novels and thoroughly enjoyed them...in fact, I've read them each twice, but this one; I just couldn't make it.  So boring and seemed to go nowhere for the longests time.  I was so disappointed, I resold the book.  I do hope if she writes additional installments to the Jaimie/Clair adventures, that she returns to the format of the previous ones...this was awful.
This book goes on and on about what is wrong with reading programs today, but the author never really explains how to teach reading with her program.  She uses her observation of 650 Chinese ADULTS working for Procter and Gamble and other companies that she WORKS FOR to say that Chinese people do not have reading problems, which is not true at all.  She also says not to use decoding and letter sounds...then says in a later chapter to teach letter sounds.The only examples she gives are with predicting books.  Well, not all books are predicting books.  Children will not learn how to read just by predicting what a book will say next.I have read so many better books about learning to read.  I am so glad that I got this from the library and did not waste any money on it.
Frankly, I find myself in a difficult spot reviewing this book. If I take Anson's words at face value, this is a carefully reconstructed, vivid recounting of a series of frightening and disturbing events at a suburban home in a small town. I can't and don't take it at face value, though. I don't, out-of-hand, rule out the possibility of ghosts or other supernatural influences. But I do discount claims made by those who A) profited from them immensely and B) later freely confessed to their falsehood.Thus, I am left to consider this as a work of fiction . . . and if read in that sense, it's not very good. This book is largely composed of a series of inexplicable events--many frightening, some merely odd. There is no clear progression to these events. There is no explanation of why one event leads to another or what any of these manifestations are supposed to mean.One child talks to an invisible pig named Jodie. This is supposed to be ominous, but the pig never apparently does any harm or even threaten. It just shows up sometimes looking kinda scary. The sound of a marching band parades through their living room at night . . . but no one ever says what this is supposed to indicate. Depending what song they're playing, it could actually be fun. They're warned by various "sensitive" people not to go into certain rooms, but those rooms have no apparent significance. The murders that made the house notorious in the first place were all through the house, not in one or two rooms.The book ends with these frightening supernatural manifestations pursuing them when they finally flee to a family member's house . . . but then it just stops there. Either this is a badly incomplete account, or after following them to another house in another town, these malevolent spirits got bored and went back home.All of this could easily be explained in a true account. Events in the real world do not have the clear progression and structure of well-crafted fiction. Even years afterward, we may not understand what really happened or why. I simply don't believe this is a true story, however, and don't see any particular reason to believe it in the face of contradictory evidence and a confession of falsehood from one of the key players, William Weber, Defeo's lawyer.Thus, I must judge this as fiction, as a story created purely for entertainment, and as such, it's terrible. I'm glad I read this because it's so well-known, and it's good to familiarize oneself with such a significant part of contemporary culture, but I don't recommend it for either its truth value (slightly higher than zero) or its entertainment value (frustrating and unsatisfying).If you want to read this, by the way, do not put more money in the pockets of fraudsters, borrow it from a library, or at most buy a used copy. I despise paying people to lie to me. And if I really wanted that, I'd hire a professional and go see a Michael Moore movie.
Don't waste your time unless you're not quite sure if you want to commit suicide or not.  This book comes with the knife included.Who is Oprah to be advising people on reading material?  I have found no information in any of the books she recommends, no redeming value and no research in the content. And certainly no entertainment!  I want to be entertained with information that I can't put down.  There are too many books, too little time. Oprah's stamp is the kiss of death as far as I'm concerned. If you want an informative novel that you can't put down read anything by Phillipa Gregory!
I read reviews of this book that said it was funny, so I decided to give it a try. I didn't find it amusing at all, a lot of the jokes were about Ignatius' "valve". I don't think six year old musings about gases and other bodily fluids particularly entertaining. Ignatius is a one-of-a-kind character, but rather irritating. He's always complaining about something. I'd suggest A Prayer For Owen Meany instead of this book, but who knows? You might enjoy it *if* you have that kind of humor.
Not worth it. It's like a 700-page Shatner poem, written by someone who *really* likes their word-a-day calendar. I gave up on page 20.
This is a multigenerational saga that I just could not enjoy. The characters were all so depressed and troubled. The story was well constructed, but it just wasn't the least bit enjoyable.
Philosophy for bright 10 year olds. Don't waste your time/money.
A woman goes to a church like once and has some vague emotional experience. According to Graham Greene, this makes her a Catholic, a true religious woman. I've had orgasms with more depth than this novel.
This book reads like a tabloid, and it's hard to consider it could be more than just that.Not only are sources not quoted in a scientific historical way, but the book also rests heavily on the use of unsubtle  biased language against Hoover. I do not doubt that Hoover used illegal  means for his person goals, but I would much rather have read a book that  gives me the feeling I should take it seriously, because it shows on every  page and footnote it takes itself and its investigation serious. This  unbalanced account of his life has flipped over to one side, proclaiming  Hoover the bad guy, without exploring even the possiblilty of a positive  side of the man. It's as if the writer settles a scoure here. It left me  with the uneasy feeling I do not know WHAT to believe and what to  discard.If you like a good scandal, this is your book. If you want  historical facts, look elsewhere
Henning Mankell has been one of my most recommended authors, based on my absolute love of the Kurt Wallander stories. I was heartbroken and depressed when Mankell killed Kurt Wallander off.  The Man From Beijing was my first attempt at reading Henning Mankell outside of the Wallander series, and it will probably be my last. I found it so hard to keep the central plot in focus among the many detours that I actually lost interest in the book a couple of times and set it aside for a week or so.  The voice of Henning Mankell that I love from the Wallander books was not recognizable to me.  Maybe it was the translation, but I didn't find his love of any of the characters in evidence.  Consequently, they were impossible for me to love, or hate.  I hope Henning Mankell finds his lost passion for characters and plot in future books. I don't think I will be looking for it in any more of his writing, unless someone convinces me otherwise.
this book is very similar in scope and theme with the world is flat, you may almost think one copied from the other, but this book's info and presentation are much inferior, the world is flat is a much more enjoyable and informative read
The writer of this book placed an ad in her sixties, searching for a lot of sex with a man she liked. She got many responses and travelled across the country to meet these men and have sex with some of them. However, only a small portion of the book was devoted to the actual premise of the book. Most of it was flashbacks to her teaching years, her students, her love of Bach, etc., most of which I found quite boring. I love to read but found myself skimming through all of this to get to the actual heart of the book, the journey, the men. And even here she skimped. She didn't develop the men well enough, didn't develop her time with them well enough. I felt she missed her goal and this book was a waste of time.
Does Paul enjoy ANYTHING?  I first read this book in 1993, just before my first trip to England involving areas outside London.  My reaction then was that Theroux had captured most of the negative aspects of British society---and very few of the positive ones.  I have now read the book for the second time, after several more trips to England and additional contacts with the English people in Surrey, Kent, and East Anglia.  I still feel the same way I did in 1993. What does Therous consider &quot;wonderful&quot;?  The comment made by a Brit that someone &quot;mispronunciates&quot;.  So Therous enjoys other people's mistakes.  How warped is that?  And what does he compliment?  The National Health System.  Well, it may have been great in the early 80's, the setting for this book, but it is pathetic now, if numerous UK newspapers, and discussions with the English, can be believed. So Therous is tired of London.  He even QUOTES Dr. Johnson about someone who is tired of London being tired of life.  Well, Theroux seems to be tired of life in this book, for he notices ugly nuclear power stations, tacky vacation camps, loud teenagers, dirty b&amp;b's, lower class people, drowning sheep, and the unemployed.  Paul!  Every society has these features (except perhaps for the drowning sheep).  Where are the delightfully eccentric Brits, the Underground that works better than its much newer counterpart in Washington DC, the wonderful ethnic restaurants, the beer and ale, the overall civilized behavior of drivers, and the thousands of years of culture?  Your books need some balance, Mr. Theroux.  So, on balance, so to speak, one can use this book as an accurate picture of the negative aspects of the UK in 1982.  If one desires a picture of positive things in the UK culture, then or now, go elsewhere.
Sorry but if you are dumb enough to think that successful stock trading can be achieved by trying to trade from your gut (i.e. going on intuition) then I have some land in Florida to sell you...First, this author has a well documented list of failures and made his money in a completely different time and trading era.  Also you really need to read up on the history of this guy to understand a lot of the anecdotes and groups he was at one time involved in.  He alludes to the Turtles frequently.Second, the idea that using your whole brain (primarily adding right brain strengths to what has traditionally been a left brain dominated activity) is just selling a false premise in the hopes someone will buy it.  Like most other trading type books, the authors are trying to push some all encompassing can't loose technique but alas the idea that adding your creative side to the equation is nothing more then psuedo-mystical mumbo jumbo.Even from a logical perspective, everyone's "gut" and right brain/left brain differences, vary widely, so any technique using these inputs will have way to much variability in comparison to other more traditional methods.  Also I just don't like this authors overall approach to big picture; if you are into "trading" (instead of long term investing) to make a quick buck, please get yourself more experience and knowledge before jumping in (although the author does acknowledge you will loose money in the beginning).  Perhaps some people could become a little less analytical to make assumptions about products or trends, and use this to augment an already sound trading strategy (which is the summary of Faith's advice)I think the most telling thing a potential buyer of this book can do is check out the other reviews here on Amazon.  The good ones are clearly shill reviews and they are very telling as they have no central theme about what the book is really about or why it might work (plus that have a very similar writing style).
I think Wallace Stegner is an excellent writer, however,the technique of switching from the main character's lifeback to the lives of his ancestors is very distracting.The life of the main character is a crashing bore.
I thought the main character's voice was derivative (especially of Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones character), and did not find her particularly sympathetic. I found it hard to believe that the object of her crush would return her affection, though it did give the book a happy, tidy ending. There were some amusing, original moments, but the author does not sustain them. I know negative reviews are often graded as unhelpful, especially on popular books like this one. Most people enjoy this book; you might, too. I write this so that potential readers will know the praise is not unanimous.
Having just finished the Fast Track To Success book on Managing People & Performance, I was a little taken aback when I started the Innovation book in this series.  I was flat out amazed at how much overlap there is between the two books.  They use the exact same tools for evaluating your Team in both books.  The sections on "The First Ten" weeks show the exact same graphs plotting the "risk of failure" in new roles.  It is as if the "Fast Track" series is a collection of books built from a boilerplate template with a few subject specific sections filled in.  In short, if you've read one Fast Track book, you've read them all.  What a disappointment.  I can only recommend this if you don't have any of the other books in this series.Overall:  F
This book does not even deserve a review.  If it were possible i would give it 0 stars.  This could possibly be the most boring book i have ever read in my entire life.  I barely finished this book.  The only reason i didn't quit reading was because i felt like it could get better....IT NEVER DID!  I gave the book to a friend who go through the first 150 pages and threw it in the trash!  HORRIBLE BOOK....Warning....Warning....Do not read this book...;-)Sorry but this book was the biggest waste of paper!
I mean sad as in pathetic attempt to follow up on the original not as emotionally sad.  I was really glad to see I am not the only one who had a difficult time enjoying this book.  First just getting through the unneeded dialogue in the beginning was frustrating.  I could not tell if I was even "into it".  There were characters introduced that were left shallow or absolutely no place for...Lucy...what really was the point there?  Might have been good there.  Beauman twisted the second Mrs De Winter into somebody I never imagined who was in some ways weak I guess but I feel just plain deranged is closer to the truth.  Ms Beauman seems obsessed with bring sexuality preferences into it as well...having one woman confessing to be bisexual...questions arising on Rebecca's preferences...and then another character announcing bringing his boyfriend into the picture!  What is up with all of that and was this really needed for heaven's sake.  The main character then strikes out on her own to be basically a feminist which due to Rebecca's influence?  This book is out of whack and a waste of time.  I'd been better off reading Newberry Award books with my daughter.
I had high hopes based on others reviews, but was left feeling disappointed and depressed.  This was my first book by Palahniuk and I will say he does have a unique writing style.  With that said, I think that was a big part of why I didn't care for this book.  It didn't flow for me and the conversations between characters were confusing.  Was he thinking it or was he saying it?  The story itself was slightly whacked and quirky with a lot of improbabilities.
To much info about the people instead of actions of the people.The actions lack grizzly details a reader like me is looking for.If you want something to read the children before they go to sleep this is it.It shouldn't upset them at all.The only hell in the book is having to wade through "what they were wearing" instead of "how and what they were doing" while you read waiting for an ending that never happens.
"Conflict of Empires" is the same book as "Quest for Honour."  Different titles, same contents.  This is not a well written series.  As a player of the game Civilization, I like the concept, which is why I keep reading, but it could have been done much better.  Too bad.
Wow.. where do I begin.  I guess the first word that comes to mind for me is THEFT.. yes that is it, THEFT.  If you are familiar with Steven Hawkings "Voice", (he has muscular dystrophy and can't speak, but a really crude voice synthesizer he uses that sounds like it was developed in the early 1980s),  this recording is far more primitive. I am not an audio purest, I am sure there are recordings made on coagulated pancake batter I would find quite adequate. This however is a new low, the voice has so many hisses and compression artifacts that I literally cannot understand most of it.The makers of the gem must have wet their pants laughing when they created three directories with the same recordings that are labeled Fast, Medium, Slow..  better labels would have been Unbelievably fast,  Super Fast, and just fast enough so you can't understand.So it comes complete with a Google Scan PDF (which you can get online for free), and some weird viewer to look at it with a web browser, both of which are rather useless.So what you get for the price is a pdf you can get free online from google, and really, really crappy synthesized audio recordings that if you could understand them, probably would irritate you to the point you couldn't listen to them.If you look carefully most of the positive reviews posted were about the literary work, not about this rendering of it.To summarize you get; NADA, NOTHING, NIL for you money.
This book is free on Kindle, so you can't really kick, but it's one of the oddest books I've ever read. I didn't find any of the characters likeable (not even the apparent "heroine"), Wharton depicts rural New Englanders as a cruel, dogmatic, and ignorant lot, and the ending is pretty creepy. I did read to the end for the historical value (it's set in the late 19th century) but I kinda want those hours of my life back.
The last time I read Across Five Aprils was in 8th grade. What I remember the most about the book was the coverage of the events during the Civil War and a little bit of everything else. Also, I do remember that the book was confusing to follow at times. Having read the book again now, much of what I thought still holds up true. What is worse is that I now feel Across Five Aprils is a mess of a novel. Irene Hunt jumps around too much, providing a paucity of character development. Some of the characters are introduced, and then the author forgets about them. As the book claims to be about Jethro Creighton, Across Five Aprils slowly makes a transition from him being the central focus to the events of Civil War. And then the author ultimately lets the war to take over, leaving out the Creighton family and friends. At the same time, I am thinking, "Is Across Five Aprils supposed to be about the boy who lived through the Civil War or what?" Irene Hunt also fails to expand the details at a considerable length, causing gaps in description of the action, feeling, and incident. Whenever Irene Hunt brings up the battles of the Civil War, she gives a very, very superficial account of them, only letting a hand out on a life preserver by describing the kind of character the famous men were and what kind of a battle was it in terms of blood. While she lays out the events of the Civil War, I felt wholly unabsorbed due to the lack of Fear and Loathing '72: On Campaign Trial technique of mixing self and the events of the campaign that were happening at the same time. When I read that Hunter Thompson's book, I was simultaneously absorbing two sides of the story whereas in Across Five Aprils, Irene Hunt failed to provide the same treatment for me. All in all, Across Five Aprils is such a poorly developed novel.
A colorful and well written book - obviously well researched. But - I got lost in the detail and felt like I was slogging through it just to get to the end! Definitely not a quick or weekend read.
quite a different pace for Mr. Grisham.  The story bored me to tears as it never got off the ground.
This is a depressing story of the dark side of human nature. It mihgt be  all right if Steinbeck did not insist on describing every detil of the  clothing, houses, and waves, but he does, and then some. I don't recommend  it.
The book contains an excellent overview of modern physics, computability theory and mathematical logic and includes some thought provoking ideas. For example the author shows that the processes of quantum mechanics are not time reversible. The last section about the physics of mind is rather speculative.The main reason I am giving it two stars is that the author thinks that consciousness is somehow "evoked" by the brain (1989 edition, p. 405) [produced by the brain?] and consciousness arises in the universe of physical reality. (p. 429) A professor of science from the land of George Berkeley, David Hume and A.J. Ayer should know better. He came close though when he said "a universe governed by laws that do not allow consciousness in no universe at all."
I am sad to report that this book is an inadequate and frustrating introduction to finance. Important concepts are buried; there are no derivations; there are few clear explanations of concepts; and definitions of terms are sparse at best. The many jokes come as a welcome relief from the generally poor writing, but provide no educational value. The book is rendered even more confusing because its organization is wayward, jumping unpredictably back and forth between topics. Overall, I find this textbook to be incredibly opaque, and I constantly have to supplement my readings elsewhere. If you have had prior exposure to finance, then I suspect this textbook will be far more digestible, but if this is your first exposure to the field you may wish to try an alternate text.
I read The Secret History on a friend's recommendation. I enjoyed the first half of the book. Then it became sheer drudgery.[spoilers ahead]My main problem is that once the first murder was out of the way, the group's identity -- specially chosen Greek students under the mysterious Julian's intense tutelage -- had no relevance to the events. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop: for Julian to turn out to be a Greek god in disguise, perhaps, but nothing of the sort happened. Instead there followed chapter after chapter about a bunch of mortal losers, ruing their murder as their lives deteriorated.This brings me to my next complaint. I generally dislike books where I can't bring myself to root for any of the characters. The characters in The Secret History were all either despicable or disappointing, the latter being Julian (since I kept expecting him to metamorphize). That vain hope was mostly what kept me going.Yet another problem: maybe I'm a puritan at heart, but by the end, the constant drinking, drug-taking, and smoking had started to bother me more than the murder and incest.And what was with the final "where are they now" list? Was I supposed to remember who all those people were? Not to mention care about what happened to them? Sheesh.I did manage to finish the book; otherwise, I would have given it only one star. I also truly loved the scene where two characters use Ancient Greek to discuss the murder in front of other people, and it sounds all epic.
Here's one of the best tell-tale sentences in this book: "According to the journalist watching the director watch the agent watch me watch the TelePrompTer, according to her I'm very happy and fulfilled now that I'm free of the Creedish Death Cult." Does that sentence make even a lick of sense? Sure, you get the general idea, but the structure is pitiful. Chuck's complete disregard for commas and proper grammar is idiotic. Apparently, after the soaring success of Fight Club, he thought he could write however he wanted no matter how ignorant it looks on paper, and thought he could criticize the system that got him famous in the first place. This is a hypocritical look a popular culture and your fifteen minutes of fame, told from the perspective of a bland and unexciting character who spends 1/3 of the story rambling off how to clean a house. If anything, he should have shortened it a lot and told the same story. The parallel structure he uses...he uses it so much it becomes almost unbearable to read...and all the superfluous 'he says' and 'he tells.' If he eliminated most of those, the story would be ten pages shorter.The other thing: He starts in the beginning telling the reader about him being in the plane, how he'll die. In that respect, the reader has nothing to look forward to because we already know the end. All the in between is just filler that mocks media and other elements of society, stuff I've heard plenty of times before with much better quality.Basically, Chuck ruined a good story idea for another author who could've done a much better job and spoiled it by writing this heap.
I honestly wanted to be charmed by this book, but I found the story pedestrian and the characters only mildly interesting.
This book lives up to its title.  I was waiting the entire time for something to happen!  While the ending is interesting, the book drags unbelievably on its way there.  The character of the wife is a particularly interesting one---whom we do not really get to know until the last tenth of the book!  The National Book Award is a real puzzle.Try it at your own risk.  For me, it wasn't worth the time put into it.
Sure, I like it in theory, but the not-so-upbeat reality is, it's impractical - especially in a recession-battered economy. See D. Sun's review "Good Advice In An Alternate Reality" -- well said, dead on.
Mary Austin's "Land of Little Rain" is a poetic description of the California desert--but its sometimes strangely structured word paintings of flora and fauna went on for pages and pages and pages:"South the land rises in very blue hills, blue because thickly wooded with ceanothus and manzanita, the haunt of deer and the border of the Shoshones. Eastward the land goes very far by broken ranges, narrow valleys of pure desertness, and huge mesas, uplifted to the sky-line, east and west, and no man knows the end of it."After a few pages of this strangely structured and at times abstract lyricism, I would lose my concentration.  My mind would wander and when it returned, I would be saying to myself, "What is she talking about?"The book is hard to read only because its descriptions just do not hold your interest for very long.  The few characters Austin describes are also not very engaging.I had just returned from cross-country skiing in the Sierras and hiking in Death Valley.  I wanted to know more about these areas.  Because Austin uses the Native American names for locations rather than the commonly used names, you are never sure exactly where she is geographically.  This too was disappointing.I read to page 83 of 113 and quit.
Nothing but negatives here:1) Author is British so I have to worry that pronunciations may differ.  Also, for example, the discussion of the word mummy confused me.  I was thinking about an Egyptian mummy when the book meant mother.2) Some words are introduced without a definition in either the chapter or the dictionary.  We are just supposed to deduce that kakoa is cocoa.3) I thought this book would emphasize the alphabet and handwriting. It is just another language introduction book and not very good.4) The book insults our intelligence with redundant instructions.5) If this book were a movie, it would be dismissed as low-budget.6) Save your money and just do an internet search for free material on Russian script.
I brought this book because I wanted information on how to deal with a particularly manipulative person whom I am obliged to interact with at present.I think this book offers a number of very valuable insights.  Also there isn't much around dealing with this subject so it's good to see something. However, I found the tone of the book disturbing.  It was frequently very angry, or preachy.  My guess is that the author has had direct prolonged experience with what he calls a "one percenter". These are the people who deliberately and systematically invalidate others. I've occasionally run across one of these myself and they are truly scary people.  I can't imagine what it would be like to be the spouse, child or workmate of one of these.I find it hard to know how to rate the book.  I did gain some valuable insights into a couple of things in my own life.  On the other hand there was little real help on how to deal with the situation I wanted help with.Despite the title (how to deal with them without becoming one of them), only a little information was provided on dealing with them.  I used one of the suggested strategies before I got the book and it actually made my situation worse. The person I am dealing with is quite sophisticated, and often manages to manipulate others into doing her dirty work for her.I've deducted points because I thought it lacked objectivity, didn't provide enough information on dealing with these people, and was focused only on one kind of nasty person.
If I was reading this book leisurely I would probably enjoy it, but since it's required for a class and I'm supposed to know the whole thing well enough to answer long questions about it perfectly I hate it. The back of the book is completely unhelpful. I get that making us think about the answer and solving it ourselves will help us understand the problem and material better, but when there is only a limited amount of time to solve these very difficult problems so that we can be well prepared for a test it is very insulting to flip to the back of the book and have only 5% of the answers explained clearly and the rest just pretty much say "try harder" or "refer to chapter 2."
i have had to purchase additional codes with no tech support  everylink needs addition code which guess what you have to purchase through pearson :( wow what a surpise
Look, if you are new to learning java this book is not for you. It's too expensive and is hard to follow. It references C++ a lot. This to me is a waste of time and reading.If you really want to learn java these are suggestions.To get stated and learn some basics go to YOU TUBE and watch captainmoe. Its FREE, Easy to understand and follow.captainmoe only has 13 videos on Java.Then buy the Mastering Java Programming Vol 1 through 4.With this series you will build a firm Java foundation that will serve you well.The quality and the instructions are all very well done!Also read The 2 star reviews on this book!
Mr. Ripley may be talented, but Patricia Highsmith is not. The writing is something a third grader could concoct (Dickie wanted to go by Marge's house to see if she was still there. They climbed some steps from the main road up the side of a stone wall, crossed part of somebody's garden, and climbed more steps." The characters are unbelievable (Dickie's parents, Marge, even Dickie and Tom), and the plot is boring. Who cares if Tom can talk Dickie into going back to the USA and be a drudge in his father's business?  Not me.
If there is one good thing about this book it is that nearly all examples are written in C++, which the online tutorial at Sun's website doesn't do. But those examples are presented stiltedly and not in what I would consider  a clear format.There are a couple of special topics which I consider  valuable for people interested in those topics: such as making an NT  service and serial programming. I however, was not interested in those  topics.Gordon thinks he's witty, too (quoting great writers in the  chapter headings). He's at best corny and at worst contrived.
this book was funny, sarcastic, and unmotivationally motivating. reverse psychology at it's best. i guess would work best with a moody teen or something. it got old fast and i found myself rolling my eyes through most of it. i guess i'm a moody adult. i didn't really enjoy the read and i'm glad i didn't have to purchase it. where have all the good books gone??
This is the book Dan Brown's bestseller "The Da Vinci Code" is based on. Indeed, Michael Baigent et.al. have even sued Brown in court, charging him with plagiarizing their book. The ideas behind "The Da Vinci Code" have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians. Obviously, this exposure affects "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" as well.This book is methodologically flawed. It claims that Jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with Mary Magdalene. But if this happened, there should be ancient documents telling us about it. There are essentialy only three ancient views of Jesus: the Christian, the Judeo-Christian and the Gnostic. None of them includes the notion that Jesus married and had children with Mary Magdalene. It simply isn't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value, as Michael Baigent does. Of course, a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up. But such an argument, compelling as it may sound, is worthless to the historian, who must work with the real evidence, meager as it may be. A claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help. Besides, how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets? Very few indeed. There is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere. The idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused French right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously. Indeed, the fact that not even heretical groups like the Gnostiscs claimed that Jesus had sired children, is good evidence against the claim. The Gnostics, after all, made all kinds of peculiar statements. But not this one. Why?Why are books like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and "The Da Vinci Code" so popular? Perhaps they say what many people want to hear. That in itself is somewhat damning, I think. For how many people want to hear the truth?
After reading all the great reviews this book has received, I expected to get a good book that would guide me to great fortunes.  After all, the title suggests financial freedom, doesn't it?  Well I ddin't quite achieved what the titles suggests.  In fact I consistantly lost money following the philosophies of this book.  If you want something that works, buy Jeff Cooper's Hit &amp; Run Trading.
I liked this book, it was a quick and enjoyable read about the history of building architecture.  Relatively little was said about software architecture, as I read it the book says the role of a software architect needs to be defined but does not attempt any sort of definition itself.  This is not a criticism, the book has in its title that it is an introduction, and it makes for a good introduction.  The writing style was amusing, I took a quick poll around the office to see who knew what a hair shirt is, including me only 2 out of 10 knew.  I say ultimately disappointing because as I reached the end of the book and realized that the authors really weren't going to give any direct information about what software architects do, not even drawing clear distinctions between the designs they turn out vs. what an engineer turns out, I lost interest and thought it wasn't really worth the $.
I got it thinking it was sci-fi. It has a great concept which could really be interesting but there is sooooo much diversion into the faux drama of &#34;over the top&#34; love affair and sex that divert from the story. I'm ok with sex and some romance but I think it diminishes the power of women to have this kind of possessed romance. The man in the story seems like a great guy but gradually becomes a stereotype swashbuckler with mindlessly excessive obsession with the leading woman. I read thru the story and enjoyed the parts where the story was told and learned to skim the hyper-empassioned love affair parts. Still not worth reading the rest of the series.
I am convinced Marie Phillips, the author of Gods Behaving Badly, is imaginative, innovative and creative. Unfortunately, those characteristics are not sustained throughout the course of the novel.The hook- the premise mythological Greek gods were resigned to living rather pedestrian existences in present day London- sparked my interest. It seems I anticipated a great deal more than the story delivered. After initial chuckles brought about by the descriptions of the Gods and how their current occupations/avocations correlated to the characteristics each exhibited in Mount Olympus halcyon days, the story seemed to lose steam. Often the dialogue was stilted and disjointed, causing me to become disinterested. It seemed like I was an unwilling observer at a rest home for has-been actors reminiscing about times past.  The bare bones prose gave the impression the book was aimed a pre-adolescent demographic - if the entirely superfluous sex scenes were deleted. I fully appreciate not all written text has to be John Milton, but this wasn't even Milton Berle.Most distracting, the Gods seemed entirely obtuse, as it was obvious from the outset their powers were diminished by an absence of faithful believers yet it took nearly three quarters of the book for at least one of Gods come to that reckoning.  Page after page, chapter after chapter (the storyline is dragged out for far too long), I waited for the moment where the reader was drawn into the story but it never arrived. Thankfully, due to the lack of complexity in style, the novel can be completed in a relatively short time span, assuming the reader does not become bored to the point of desertion.Ms. Phillips clearly has great ideas, and I hope she experiences more success in conveying them in future efforts.
Maybe this is exactly how a boy with Asperger's syndrome would think and write (I admit, I have no idea), but this book was a little too easy to read.  The story is pretty good, and telling the story in the boy's words is clever, but I got a little tired of it before I reached the end.
But I also didn't read it. I started to, but it was like reading a text book. A not-very-intesting one at that!
The most I can say about this book is that it allows me to write a review that does not fit my normal format of a standard intro, writing style & elements discussion, and final assessment where I try to suggest who may or may not like this book. No, this book opens up all sorts of avenues for discussion, basically because it sticks itself so far out there it begs to be critically looked at. Actually, let me rephrase that. This book sticks itself so far out it begs to be ignored. It is as pertinent to the subject matter as a Senator reading from a phone book.The first point of fact should that this book is a fake - there can be no doubt about it. I read The DaVinci Code some time ago, and after 50 pages of Holy Blood, Holy Grail I was so entirely riveted by the text I was aching to get more. By page 170, the book was moving like a turtle...on valium. When I decided to do a little research on the book, I realized the lethargic turtle was crossing a busy road at rush hour. It simply had no chance.[...][...]. In any event, it does bear some relevance since DaVinci is a spawn of this book. Both books, to roughly summarize, suggest that Jesus didn't die on the cross, that he was a father to children with Mary Magdalene being the mother. They later contend certain things about the bloodline of Christ (who, given the above premise, probably no longer deserves the capitalized one-word moniker, I suppose), other sexy claims about France and art, and put it all together to form a wild conspiracy theory that concludes with the Holy Grail being nothing more than this knowledge, and insisting the bloodline still exists today. Or something like that, I forget the details exactly. Safe to say these details are explosive in terms of Christianity and whatnot, if they proved to be true.If they prove to be true which, you know, they don't. As I mentioned in my review of the other book, a cursory amount of research shows that claims made in the book are, at best, highly questionable. Since Holy Blood, Holy Grail does not pass itself as fiction, the details need to be investigated more thoroughly. And if I cared, I Would go ahead and do that. But I don't care enough to repeat what countless other people have already done, which is to show that these claims all stem from 2 items - some slew of documents called the Dossier Secrets and a guy named Pierre Plantard. As it turns out, Plantard made it all up. He wrote these "secret" documents and pushed forth the whole conspiracy, starting some time in the 1950's. He later admitted as much when under police investigation. That, coupled with the fact investigators found that the printing press used to print Plantard's right-wing propaganda was the same one used to print these secret documents, is all you really need to know.Be that as it may, you can still look at the book as a work of fiction. It has been suggested that the authors knew this when they wrote it. After having looked at the evidence myself, it's easy to believe. I found the book in the local bookstore listed as General Metaphysics. I guess that's the category that covers books that, "Well, maybe deal with some form of history but really diverge so far from the path of reason that you can't draw any conclusions about them." I feel bad for those people actually trying to write general metaphysics books. As such, let's move forward with the idea that these claims may have some grain of truth. Because let's face it - it's much more sexy to think that the whole Jesus thing is a farce.One technique this book uses to plow the reader under is, as one review says, "buryingtheir readers in chin-high drifts of factoids -- some valid but irrelevant, some uncheckable (the untranslated diaries of obscure 17th century clerics, and so on)." This is exactly the reason I wavered around page 170. I asked myself, "What on earth does this have to do with anything?" Added to this is a slew of family trees which, to me, prove nothing. I failed to be able to correlate why Historical Figure A had any relevance to Historical Figure B. The tactic used here by the authors is to snow you in with so many details you can't feel anything but lost in attempting to sort it all out. So you assume there must be some correlation because you, quite frankly, have better things to do than check the veracity of some 16th century squire's dog walker's brother's wife's name. It was Brumfus, for those of you scoring at home.The book also engages in something I would call Postulation Drift. This is the tactic of saying something like this, "While completely unsupported, this document claims that Sven III was really the heir to the Dagobert II treasure, all the while maintaining a solid grip on the Vatican throne. Nothing we read supports this. But if we allow this assertion to be correct..." By the end of the chapter, the "completely unsupported" contention is verified fact being used to support some other, wholly impossible conclusion. Done sporadically, this approach is acceptable if not entirely scientific. It allows the author to move forward with a line of reason that might not (yet) be supported by the facts. But it needs to be used sparingly in order to hold any water. The frequency this book uses this tactic raises red flags that would make a small country think it was being invaded by the Chinese army.[...]At some points, each of these societies sounds like a collection of nerds who were never accepted in high school. I'm not sure how well this notion translates to, say, 12th century France. But reading things like, "The brothers of the Society of the Philadelphes have a particular liking for the color sky-blue, the figure of the pentagram, and the number 5" makes you wonder. I can only assume if these people had been born in the 20th century they would have been the type to sit around their dorm rooms until 4:00 AM taking turns squeaking the word "NI!" at high-volume, and subsequently giggling for minutes and hours on end. To link these people in any way, shape, or form with guarding the Holy Grail is, well, you know.Hey, maybe Jesus didn't die on the cross. Maybe he did father children. Maybe there is part of his bloodline still in existence today, commingled with 780,000 other bloodlines. Maybe a lot of these tenets that religions are based on are silly parables. That idea seems more plausible than God coming to earth in the form of Jesus then rising from the dead. Be that as it may, this book does nothing to prove or disprove any of that. While they're exciting ideas in terms of earth-shaking realities, they are nothing more than fictions.At the end of the day, Occam's Razor demands to be used on this book. And the result is that you slice away everything and are left where you started, namely, no book in your hand.
Madison Bell is a good writer, an accomplished stylist, and this 1986 novel is very well written. Except for about 10 pages in the middle, this story is narrated in the first-person.  Tracy, a film editor from Tennessee, receives a phone call from Kevin, a very small-time film producer in New York City with whom Tracy worked a few years before, asking Tracy to go to Italy to edit a film.  It seems that, along with their film-related activities, Tracy and Kevin developed a sideline in smuggling contraband, usually drugs, and when Tracy learns how much he will be paid for this "straight cut" editing job, he figures smuggling will be involved.  And there's a girl.  It seems that along with smuggling, Tracy and Kevin also wandered into a love triangle with a model named Lauren.  Sure enough, this turns into a drug-running adventure, but unfortunately for the reader the action is limited to the last third of the book.This novel is more character study than crime/suspense story.  From Tracy's own narration, it gradually unfolds that Tracy is a low life, a drug smuggler and an alcoholic, but because he is a competent film editor, reads Kierkegaard, and is capable of love--and because he drowns himself in alcohol--Tracy doesn't seem to comprehend what a bad person he is.  He seems to believe that he is not as bad as Kevin but, objectively, he is worse than Kevin. If this novel has any redeeming virtue, it is in reminding us how easily we fool ourselves about ourselves.
Hated it. My sense of humor must be different than this strange book. Nothing enjoyable about it. I struggled through the book. Have read it, don't have to do that again.
THe plot was so transparent, i figured it out in the first couple pages after she found the great coat  THis is not a ghost story but an odd romantic story. The end was hurry up and not quite  logically made sense
Although comprehensive in scope, this book fails at the details level.  The author waxes eloquently on more or less obvious points, and assumes you know obscure detalis.  I did learn quite a bit from this book, but I look at this as being in spite of the writing rather than because of it.  Some topics (i.e.: Control Charts) were handled very well.  Others (i.e.: Statistical Inference, DOE) left a lot to be desired.  This can be a difficult subject to write about, but I felt the "Lean Six Sigma Pocket Toolbox" did a better job.
I found the concept ingriguing but the author's warning at the beginning of the book about the reading being a slog is true.  Even with an interest in the subject and a science background, I couldn't finish the book.
I just couldn't get into this book, even though I'm a huge time travel fan, maybe because I saw the movie first. Actually preferred the movie. At least it moved the story along, whereas the book was long winded and dull. Couldn't finish it since i already knew how the story ended.Overall the idea was great, with a different take on time traavel.
I'm reading up on the science I've forgotten from my school days, the science I didn't elect to take back then, and the science that didn't exist yet. I initially studied Chemistry as an adult through the John Wiley Self-Teaching Guide on this subject, which I highly recommend, by the way. I then chose to study Biology and Physics using the books in the Demystified series. Both of these books were jam-packed with enough information to bring me up to speed on these topics, and I also highly recommend them.I decided to read Chemistry Demystified because the Physics and Biology books had been so great. But as other reviewers here have noted, it is jam-packed with errors! My copy is apparently a later printing than the one that one of the other reviewers had because it does have the Periodic Table on the inside front cover. Because I saw it printed there, I thought maybe I'd be getting a totally corrected edition, but the other mistakes are still present.In several places, when references needed to be made to the B portion of the Periodic Table, the reference instead was made to the same-numbered column in the A portion.How such a book managed to be released with so many errors escapes me. Author Linda Williams may be an accomplished science writer, as her biography inside the book states, but she must be embarrassed to have put out such a shoddy publication bearing her name. If they didn't have time to do this book right before a release deadline, they should have delayed the book. I hope that a later, corrected edition is planned, though, because the concept is valid.Incidentally, both the front and back covers, as well as an editorial review quoted here, mention something called "ChemBites" as being included. That's one more error for this book, because I didn't see anything of the sort in the book.
Rappaport wrote a classic calledCreating Shareholder Value. His new book is much less impressive. I don't have an issue with his main thesis: Perverse incentives for management has created dysfunctional short-term behaviour. The incentive argument is not new at all. If you have never heard the argument, you will find this book useful. In my view, the book is aimed at some "general reader", not somebody that has read a bunch of management books already. The author, however, claims that the book is aimed at specialists (executives, board members, activists).For those of us who have already followed the debate about short/long-termism, the author doesn't have much to offer. I really would have liked to see a thoughtful synthesis of the research work done in this area. (Instead we mainly get some references to recent books.) And some novel data based on the author's own research. However, for this book, I don't think the academic author has done any preparation at all. Based on long experience, he feels strongly about the topic, and he starts to write. So the text become more polemic that thoughtful. I really wish the author would have put in more effort in writing a book that more knowledgeable people would enjoy. This was the author's chance to write something that would actually influenced people. With this book I think that he has totally failed in that objective (sadly).Let me just give one example of how shallow the book is. The author mentions Jack Welsh having said that shareholder value is stupid. The author interprets this as saying that short-termism is stupid. How convenient an interpretation. What he does not mention is that Welsh managed earnings year after year at GE. This seems to be to imply short-termism. So here we have an interesting situation that deserves more attention. Instead the author moves to the next thing after just half a page. Please, this is bad journalism. If you write a book, please, think more and harder. Finally, when it comes to conclusions the book is very weak. This could have been okay if the analytical part of the book would have been stronger.
This book is a mystery to me.  The author has had a 40-year-long highly successful career in academia doing brain research.  He must have been doing something right.  But based on this book, it appears that none of his research was important, that he spent most of this time exploring dead-ends, and it is difficult to say how his research is very much related to neuroscience at all.The author provides an interesting view of academic life and discusses the happenstance way that people get involved in specific research projects.  He also provides lots of technical information about neuronal connections and his later work on visual perception.  But there's really very little material here about the brain and practically nothing on that artifact of the brain known as mind.  His major conclusions after decades of work seem to be that medical researchers (including himself) are taking the wrong approach to brain studies and that our evolutionary history has had an impact on how brains work.The subtitle of Brains is "How They Seem To Work," but you won't find that out from reading this book either.
I read this book with an open mind as it has been suggested by many to be worthy.  Unless you want to read an endless blather by a 55 year old whiner, go elsewhere.  I suggest that anything by Nabokov or Cather or Conrad will be infinitely more enjoyable.  Can I get a refund?
Have you ever been to a meeting and then wondered... "Why am I hear? We are meeting just to have a meeting." This book is the written version of that (coincidentally I love meetings and books).I'm just not a fan. I think it promises more than it delivers. It takes dynamic ideas and wastes your time with too much wording. Somewhere around 5% of the book is worth reading, the rest is mind-numbingly boring. If it's assigned reading just take the major points and skim the rest. If its your choice... look for another book.
This book is very graphic and material is not suitable for all readers. One topic that I found quite disturbing was the mutilation of the genitals of women. If you like to spend your free time in leasure and to escape the realities of real life, this is NOT the book for you or me.
In writing her book, "Thinking," Arendt claims that it was Eichmann's absence of thought that underlay his evil deeds; and that her conclusion drew her to write the book ("Thinking").Her conclusion was wrong.  It was the absence of feeling: the lack of feeling experience; the lack of awareness of feeling; and the lack of expression of it -- in all combinations.Despite Arendt's courageous reporting in "Eichmann in Jerusalem," she demonstrates her own absence of thought - in drawing faulty conclusions, a sin of which we are all guilty from time to time, and one that is far less grievous than Eichmann's and those like him.
This book is way too long. They could have written the whole book in one third it's volume to make it simple. The writers need to be effective. They talk about techniques like being simple, unexpected, concrete,credible, emotional& stories. However they seem to be totally lost in the countless useless information. Context is good but needs improvement on content. Definitely not recommended.
Back when I was in University in the 80s, I thought Salman Rushdie was the Business. I used to parade around with my &quot;Free Salman Rushdie&quot; button, all political and hip. I was really looking forward to reading this book, and was disappointed. Yes, he's clever; Yes, he's of the moment; Yes, he's satirical ... but so what? I was not gripped, held, pulled into this tale. In fact, quite the opposite - I put this book down 1/3 of the way through. NEXT.
This book was really boring.  It had basically the same idea as Defoe's Robinson Crusoe, and the title, &quot;FOE,&quot; came from Daniel DeFOE.  I didn't really like Robinson Crusoe, and I thought that this book was just too much like it.  It was boring, and not very fun to read.  If you've already read Robinson Crusoe, don't bother reading this; there are a few differences, but it's mostly the same stuff.
If I could, I would give this novel only half a star. I've had read Block's work before and found it poor writing. I read this one because I felt it had a strong interesting topic. This book had a ton of potential to be great, but it was extremely underdeveloped. I did not know the characters at all. I did not feel sympathy for them. I did not fall in love with them. Also at times the point-of-view was confusing. I had to keep rereading to understand whose thoughts I was being thrown into.I honestly think Block had a deadline and just typed this up super fast on the computer. It doesnt seem that a lot of work had been done on this book. I dont think I'll pick up any more of Block's books.  I feel I have wasted my time.
I heard about the rave reviews this novel received which led me to be quite excited when I began to read it on my Kindle.  Through the first 15% I noticed I could not read more than a page or two without starting to nod off.  I persevered.  I am not one to quit on a book.  I made it 33% before I finally gave up.  This book is terrible.  It may appeal to some and have at it.  The book drones on.  Characters are overly developed without any point actually being made.
I fall into the same camp as those that have given this book a low review. The book is boring. It is extremely hard to read, what with dealing with unfamiliar names and terms compounded by the terrible book to Kindle conversion.I quit when I found myself begging for the book to end, only to find I was half way through it. It was beneficial in getting me to sleep earlier, so I'll give it two stars.
The book is saturated with war research, as is the video. Hitler is presented very nearly as a merely misguided leader with heraldable  ... wait for it ... ahhh, charisma. No expense was spared by the author (and video production) to set H as a bedazzling figure. Amidst the vicious carnage of his dictatorship, the book + video present as tho Germans were enamored and beguiled with him in his insane agenda. Nothing could be further from the truth. Sprinklings of truth in honesty appear in the video only in the last 5 minutes, saying his charisma was his strength fraught by shortsighted leader skills. Closing the book + after the video, I breathed a silent prayer that no other humans in future generations would so fixate on a nouveau term (charisma) as to similarly skew history. Example, applaud a criminal who is genuine to their conviction to desire wealth. No matter they'll even opt to achieve their 'genuine' goal via thievery or other criminal means.  How special. Twisted misrepresentation of vast data research.
I bought this boring book because of Buffetts recommendation but I am rather disapointed with theory presented in the book.
I have read all the books, Ferber and weissbluth, west, sears, karp, hogg, whatever. And now this one, and I was unimpressed. Basically, if you want to read that it's not usual for a baby to sleep through the night until they are older than 4 months, and that it IS normal for 2 year olds to be up in the night, then read this. If you want to read about how it can take you 60 days to get your child to only wake up once at night, then read this. Who wants to get up once at night? Who wants to get up ever at night?! When my child was 5 weeks old I was over the night wakings. My first child slept from 8 pm to 8 am when she was 3 months and my current baby is sleeping 7 hours straight at night at 7 weeks old. And they are not "exceptional" children, they're pretty regular. So, if you don't care about getting any sleep for months or possibly years, then definitely do what this book says. If you need sleep to live, then start a bedtime routine for your baby around 6 weeks, feed him a lot of ounces during the day, don't let him nap too long, get a white noise machine and darkening drapes for his room, swaddle him with his arms down, and hope/pray for the best! and when he's big enough and old enough to make it through the night, get him to make it through the night. To do this, I recommend a cocktail of happiest baby on the block, babywise, the sleep lady, and weissbluth. In short, do what works best for you, even if it is this, though I couldn't endorse it! 2 stars because she gives some good general info that all the other books give.
I went as far as half way searching for something that would take me all the way to the end. But there was nothing. I found the book to be the ultimate bore. One star because they at least got it published.  Just a waste of paper.
I am no stranger to historical narratives, nor to Allison Weir, but I have to say, I am 61% into this book and am bored to tears. I absolutely agree with the review that asks "Where's Eleanor?"  In this book she is little more than a byline to her husband, her sons, her daughters-in-law and anyone who dares to be alive during her lifetime or anywhere near her geographical location.  At this moment, I am compelled to put my kindle down and enter this review and, now that I have, I am determined not to pick up the story again.  No doubt about it, the book clarifies and corrects a few assumptions we have about Eleanor and Henry II from various other sources, but to to get at them is the most ungodly chore. Watch "Becket" and "Lion in Winter" and then go to Wikipedia for corrections. They are not that far-fetched and are at least entertaining.
The first half or so of this book held such promise.  But as the somewhat improbable incidents in Beijing unfolded, I began to totally lose the thread of the plot and with that went my interest in the story.  The long political rant was totally unnecessary and incidental to the plot. To be honest, I didn't even care by then how it ended.  What's with Mankell???
"Pain free" sound to good to be true.  Well it is too good to be true.
This was a freebie for me, and it offered some advice which was kind of nice, but they were things I've already heard before. This really didn't offer any advice that has ever actually made someone financially successful. For the asking price, this would be a total ripoff. I have no idea why the author would charge this much for tips you can basically get elsewhere online for free.
For many decades, this was my favorite textbook--in fact, I'd loved a very early edition when I was an undergraduate.  And my students loved it too.  That is, when it was written by C. Warren Hollister.  When Judith Bennett took over the revisions after Hollister's death, students told me that they could detect her additions.  I concurred, but there was enough of Hollister's text included that I continued to assign the text without qualms.  Now that Hollister's name is no longer on the cover and Bennett has revised much of the text, I will no longer be assigning this for my courses.  That's a shame, but the students found her prose boring and dry (and I wasn't impressed).
This "General Books" edition was apparently made by using optical character recognition to typeset from an existing copy of the original book. The result is unreadable because the technique produced gibberish where there were smudges, underlining, etc. in the original copy. I have re-ordered (but not yet received) a more expensive copy of the book which appears to have been digitized and reset--and free of errors. Google also has a downloadable (pdf) version made by digitizing a copy of the book from a university library. Despite the errors, I've slogged through about three chapters and am blown away by the sense of being in the presence of genius--that's why I re-ordered the book in a more expensive edition. Because this is an important work, I think Amazon should delete the shoddy "General Books" edition from its offerings.
Having worked for many years with college students I was excited by the synopsis of this novel. While the author has moments of insightful analysis of young intellectuals the story is a slow march through uninspired landscape that is neither insightful, credible nor of any particular interest.
If you have read The Red Dragon or Silence of the Lambs you will be disappointed and possibly outraged with this book.  It has none of the qualities that the other two books offered.Basically it tries to explain Hannibal's background while being chased by a former patient/victim that wants to see him eaten by pigs.  Yes, that's right pigs.  Apparently sharks with laser beams, winged monkeys, or killer clowns from outer space were already taken so he had to improvise.Clarice goes from being a bright prospect with the FBI to eventually turning into Hannibal's sick cannibal mate tromping around the world.  Nothing in this book is even remotely suspenseful.  Instead Harris, with a deadline and major money at risk, whips out this pathetic piece.  He replaces intelligently written suspense with needless, over the top gore.One of the few books that was worse than the movie.  The movie was awful too but at least trimmed out some of this nonsense.  No wonder Foster would have nothing to do with this.
I skimmed through the table of contents and I was just wondering why it was endless. Anyway this os  good book I should say. I gave it 2 stars because it contained quite a number of repetitive statements ans examples. Furtherto that I found it too irrelevant  if you are not American. The author could have used more broad exmples as I personally  could not relate with the examples given.Anyway chapter 26 was that which I jumped to after reading for ten minutes. And it pretty well summarized  the  book for me
Don't buy this for the "STAR ATLAS", but only as a "REFERENCE HANDBOOK." As a good overall guide to astronomy this is very useful.  But the star maps are deficient...Look @ the slip cover...white stars on dark blue sky, however the maps are black stars on white background...But the real problem for me is the charts themselves...For example Chart 14 find M7 & M6...Now never having learned my Constellations, I would just go out in the summer look south and find the "teapot" and there to the right is M7 & 6...However on Chart 14 ONLY the handle of the teapot is printed, three stars, the top and spout are missing! So how useful can this chart be? Much more helpful are charts by Tirion in such books as A Field Guide to the Stars and Planets, a bit small but wonderful detail and scale.  I bot Norton's used and as such would again, but would't pay even discounted new price. Rate 5 for reference and 1 for as Star Atlas
I read this book this afternoon (big print, wide spacing).The author describes the 80-20 pattern often found in work &amp; life (a phenomenon already familiar to most by which 80% of your business comes from 20% of your clients, 80% of your time is spent on 20% of your to-do list, etc.)The author demonstrates this chestnut with a book that is 20% useful and fresh and 80% no-brainer advice and shameless McKinsey advertising (we are CONSTANTLY reminded of how smart and ethical all those McKinsey consultants are; all consulting anecdotes have happy endings - unless the client screwed up; real quotes: &quot;As any good McKinsey associate would, this young man applied himself tirelessly and diligently to his task&quot;, or &quot;Hank knew his area of the bank inside and out and was probably as smart as any member of the McKinsey team&quot;... high praise indeed.) McKinsey's approving editors have all the subtly of China's Xinhua propaganda agency. Trouble is: many of us know people at McKinsey...Still, the 'waterfall' chart is among the 20% that make this book worth perusing (but not buying).
I'm hardly a literature major. I read for fun, and when I don't read for fun, I read to broaden my horizons. Having never read a Hemingway book in my life and wanting to step out of the comfort zone inhabited by Koontz, Rowling, Brown, Palahniuk and other modern authors, I picked this book up, expecting something grand after reading countless praise.Maybe I'm missing something. Maybe I don't have an eye for clever literature (okay, I definitely don't have one). Whatever the case, this book struck me as unbearably boring.I'm not some child who reviews books he never finished. I read the entire thing. I'm also not some uncultured college kid whose idea of a "classic" is Twilight and Stephen King; I've read and enjoyed books ranging from The Metamorphosis to Catch-22. But I could not enjoy this book at all.Aside from a trip to see some bullfights, nothing happens in this book. People talk, get drunk, go to bed, wake up, talk some more. There's no story behind it. The narrator, Jake Barnes, is afflicted by a strange wound that apparently leaves him incapable of entering a relationship however, this wound is only mentioned in a passing glance and never revealed, expounded upon or even brought up ever again. The characters are either jerks or cardboard. There's no conflict and no resolution. It's like if Seinfeld were a book.After trying to find out what all the fuss is about over this book, I found that there are some symbolic parallels between Lady Ashley (the central figure of the book, apparently) and other people or actions in the book (the bull fighting, for example). In addition, this book does seem to give justice to the generation of the time, which is cool for history buffs. So it is a more clever book than it appears on the surface.I won't say this book isn't good. For all I know, it probably deserves its title as a classic. But what I will say is that I found The Sun Also Rises to be extremely boring and did not enjoy a moment of it. I'm very glad it was a short read.
I have waited for the Oliver Stone work to become available. That  it is was offered on Kindle at a reasonable price so much the better. Wrong- to fully appreciate the book you need the hard copy.References and footnotes are important to any historical presentation. I knew that. The first three chapters went smoothly then the footnotes and references appeared.  Often jamming my Kindle to turn the pages to chapter four I have yet to reach it. I am sure a great book but not for Kindle.Can I get a refund?
I was awfully bored to read about a goose that flys a child across a pond. though the story had a nice idea, it wasn't captured well, it could have been s short simple book. But writing it as a short novel was a mistake. The only thing I enjoyed about this book is the charactors. Langton did an excellent job of making outstanding charactors, as as Uncle Freddy. Besides that, I most certainly don't recommend it.
memoires can one woman write about herself?  Talk about being obssessed with yourself.  The biggest thing is, it's not all that interesting.
After reading praise from both professional and readers' reviews I began my read with anticipation: I was going to be entertained whether I wanted it or not. Not so. I quit 3/4th of the way through &#8212; after checking to make sure I had ordered the right book. It  was not for me.
The premise of this novel is intriguing. Unfortunately, the intrigue ends there and is replaced with a drab portrayal of a depressing future.The greatest problem is I have with this book is the detachment with which the year 2021 is explored. Objective perspective may work well in a detective novel, but in The Children of Men, James' prose is affected by the same ennui that has overtaken her Twenty-First Century world. In the opening chapters, for instance, there is a scene where one woman brutally destroys the porcelain doll another woman has been treating as a baby. The initial moment of violence is shocking, but beyond that the scene lacks emotional impact: We see the people around her react by not reacting, simply continuing on with their lives. Unfortunately, the ultimate result of James' technique is that we don't care if England is living under a totalitarian regime because none of her citizens, her protagonist chief among them, seems to care either.Another problem comes from the fact that nothing exists in 2021 that didn't exist in 1992 when the book was written, and for the most part little that existed in the 1980s is present either: no computers, no cell phones, etc. If James took little risk in exploring the emotional depths of her characters, she took even less in exploring the potential for the use (or misuse) of hypothetical future technology. Cloning, an obvious solution for the book's dilemma, is never even mentioned. Why set the book in the future if everything about it is identical to the past? Sure, things won't come to pass exactly as you imagine, but 1995 came and went without global infertility and that's the element people enjoy most about the book.Finally, the novel fails to look at the situation in England, which we are told - but never shown - is despotic, by comparing it to the situation in any other European country. At the end of Book 1 Faron travels to France, Spain and Italy, but we're never told if or how things fare better or worse there. His travels serve only to provide a reason for the time gap between Books 1 and 2. James misses an opportunity to provide a context for or comment on the political situation in England, and all the reader can do is shrug his or her shoulders and keep reading (the ennui is contagious).Maybe there's a subtext I'm missing - maybe James is saying that people can numb themselves into accepting totalitarianism, or that nothing really changes, or that life's the same all over - but if she is she's doing it far too subtly for most of her readership (based on the majority of reviews here). I don't regret reading this book, but I can't find much in it to recommend to others.
This book was recommended to me by women, I like and admire.  I read a lot of it, did not like it but persevered to see what I was missing. This is not historical fiction.  It is a romance novel, lots of soft porn and violence, contrived to fit a period in the history of Scotland - and it is very contrived.  If you want the sexy romance stuff alone, this may be for you.  But if you want good historical fiction, run away before you pick up this book.  Cannot imagine that this is a series, I couldn't make it through the first book.
The reviews for this book are so overwhelmingly positive, I figured it *must* be good.  Bad assumption!  I gleaned very little usable information from this book.  The author uses far too much space defining terms, relating her own experiences, and trying to be cute.Even worse, as another reviewer noted, the author's tone is a bit condescending.  Despite her purported years of experience as a professional organizer, she doesn't seem to have a good handle on what causes people to develop clutter problems.  Her extensive use of coined words is annoying.  The material is poorly organized, jumping around at times.  Also, the writing drags in places; it could have used a more thorough editing.  Overall, the writing and material presented is of low quality.For example, in a chapter on how to clear out sentimental clutter, the author's advice can be distilled into one largely unhelpful sentence, "Save only objects that evoke pleasant or poignant feelings; don't keep anything that makes you feel stressed or upset." Okay, that makes sense, but is that really going to do me any good?  I could have used suggestions on how to mentally unhook objects from memories.  Then the author goes on to introduce terms such as "clutterabilia" and "memorabiliac."  (And she's just getting started!  Watch out for "paperosis" and "redundabundance.")  Is having a coined word going to solve anything?In dealing with the fear of getting rid of something and then regretting it, the author admonishes, "If you do find yourself grieving over the loss of something that was never alive to begin with, you need more help than I can give you, and I urge you to seek counseling."  At this point, I think she has dismissed most of her readers.  She continues without compassion, "Your regrets are...a poor excuse for you to keep hanging onto clutter."  Tough love?Some people might find the author's tone helpful, but I was totally put off by it.  I would recommend a thorough perusal of the excerpt available online before investing in this book.  It should have been a giveaway to me that so many copies are available used.  Maybe the sellers took the author's suggestion to only hold onto things that are useful.
Life in general has enough drama and conflict in it.  I read to decompress and escape for a little while each day.  This book was not an escape, but more of a torture.  I now vow to stop reading after the first three chapters if I am this unhappy with a book again.This was a deep well of wallowing in self pity and expectation of something that never appeared.Perhaps the author needs some anti-depressants.  Then again, seeing the sales numbers, perhaps not.
I don't know what John Grisham was thinking when he published this a few years ago to add his voice to the growing list of holiday-themed, sentimental novellas that are mostly dripping in saccharine sweetness.  Perhaps it presented a nice break from writing legal thrillers, since he certainly didn't write it for the money.  This is the kind of hack work that only a best selling writer can get away with publishing and dumping on his fans who must read every book he writes.  This mini-novel is skimpy on the details and words, making it an easy breeze to read through during the busiest season of the year.When I started reading it, I thought it was going to be an interesting satire on how commercialized our Christmas season has become.  It certainly leads readers in that direction as we root for the Kranks when they decline to buy fruitcakes, trees, and calendars from the town's firemen, Boy Scouts, and police.  They forgo their annual Christmas party, to the disappointment of everyone else who considers it the social highlight of their year. Everyone in this novella seems to be too interested in what the Kranks are doing or not doing, as if it was against the law to skip Christmas.  By the end, I was glad to finish this piece of tripe.  What is the point of this story?  The Kranks end up having to rush Christmas in six hours so all can appear normal to their surprise return of their daughter and her new fiance, whom she had just met a month prior.  Very poorly contrived story.  Grisham fans won't lose sleep if they skip this one.  It's a novel that should never have been published, one that should have remained in Grisham's file cabinet of unworkeable manuscripts.  To pawn it on his fans is nothing short of greed.
This book received rave reviews--which I cannot understand at all.First it is about 200 pages too long. Where was the editor?Second, every female character in here, except one, is seen as bringing a good man down. But the worst thing is that the author characterizes one of the main characters as a specialist in obstetric fistula surgery despite having no formal training. The truth is that there is a woman in Ethiopia, where this book mostly takes place, who is the real specialist on fistula surgery. An illiterate peasant,  Mamitu Gashe was originally a patient whose fistula was repaired. Subsequently she volunteered at the hospital, first helping in the surgical suite, then eventually taking over minor repairs, and today trains other surgeons. The treatment of women in this book is abhorent, and I kept getting angrier and angrier as I read it.We won't get into my perennial complaint about the Kindle prices.
Having been born in 1960, and watching all the cool activities of those folks ten to twenty years older than me, I have developed a deep fascination with all that which happened in the U.S. (and Europe, and Vietnam) from the early sixties through perhaps 1975 (and from that point forward my interest drops off considerably!).  I just love that era: the passion, the art, the styles, the movies, and obviously, the music.  I also like a lot of the writing out of that time-frame.  So, I thought I was going to be enthralled with this book which many of my fellow reviewers have described as seminal to events and attitudes in the sixties.  I went into this book with a major bias in its favor.Instead, I was quite stunned by how pretentious and inflated this book turned out to be.  Yes, the book has youthful zeal and energy, and captures to some extent the craziness of the collegiate phase of life.  And, I feel a little ridiculous criticising a book which has been around for forty years and whose author is dead.  But, I consider every book I read to be an investment (of time, an increasingly scarce resource).  My time would have been much better spent elsewhere.  Briefly, here's why:I felt Farina was trying way too hard to impress the reader with his broad array of cultural references.  It is like the guy kept a running list of popular cultural/social phenomena, eg domestic (from brand names of toys to baked goods), and exotica (from religions to spices, ceremonies, various mysticisms, vitamins, drugs, ad infinitum). That may sound intriguing, but he literally just rattles off these names/references en masse to impress you and doesn't elaborate interestingly. My impression is that he was  showing off his general awareness of neat topics (he did have a certain prescience of "new age" subject matter, I'll definitely give him that point); but his superficiality became painful by a third of the way through the book.Chaotic and flat writing:  Farina's writing seems to shift styles after the first third.  It appears to me that he was painstaking in his efforts in the beginning, but once he got some inertia going he spilled forward at such a speed that he no longer was developing themes or characters that we care about or understand (due to fundamental incoherence). And, one definitely gets the impression he is just making the story up as he goes along (probably while tossing a few cold ones back).  For example, out of the blue, he presents an "evil spirit" which threatens Gnossos and his girlfriend at night in their bed.  This becomes a major theme for a chapter or two, and it seems quite incongruous with the balance of the book which is essentially a collegiate coming-of-age (politically, intellectually) tale.  It just had a weird effect on me, and the digression seemed to lessen his credibility.  There is also a frenzied voyage to Cuba via automobile.  The characters in that car never took on dimension in my mind; I could not visualize them, they simply weren't sufficiently developed. Strange and sad things happen on the trip, but it all feels flat since I don't really know the players, and I had no sense of where the book was headed.  It all felt arbitrary and random. And haphazardly contrived.  None of his attempts at creating mystical intrigue succeed; it was one hazy confusion on top of the previous hazy confusion. And, worst of all, there is some obese, sweaty man (I think his name is "Motherball" or something similar) who is apparently a purveyor of exotic drugs.  He initially is introduced to us in New Mexico (or perhaps Arizona) and then later in Cuba.  The character is very strange; one wonders if he is a symbol of some sort (I had the vague feeling that Farina larded this book up with half-baked symbolisms; again, he appears to be showing off). Another example: Gnossos had a couple of very good friends, and he bizarrely has one of their wives making a pass at him (to which he was favorably inclined, thus betraying his friendship, at least in spirit if not in deed.)Finally, the character Gnossos is wholly unappealing.  He isn't just flawed; I realize the best characters aren't perfect.  But, Gnossos is categorically a jerk.  Why write a book where the main character is so digusting?  Gnossos, variously: thieves items from a fraternity house where he was invited to dinner; seduces a young woman and engages in coitus while lying about his use of a condom; accomplishes something apparently amazing in a toilet bowl (very vulgar); attempts to surreptitiously get his love interest pregnant by cutting a hole in his condom; vandalizes Christmas sculptures at the University; vandalizes the Dean's office; carries around a bunch of weird and decaying stuff in his rucksack; gets drunk and ugly; smokes opium and gets bizarre....on and on it goes.  The character did not come close to revealing any redeeming characteristic.  Gnossos is simply a filthy loser.  How can you get into a book where the main character is so unappealing and the other characters aren't fleshed out at all?Was this book influenced by On the Road?  If so, it was not influenced enough.  That book had me energized for weeks with its amazing tribute to...life itself and the possibilities for life.  This book?  I don't care if Farina went to Cornell or not: his writing is amateurish and weak.  But, obviously, he was a writer who was still young.  He was indeed full of ideas, and it is very sad that he was not given a chance to fine-tune his visions and write that second book.
Didn't work for me.  I guess I was expecting something that would help me figure out  if what I had inherited was worth anything.  It is more geared to someone who knows a lot, and I don't.  And this author was spending more time telling me his success than telling me what I needed to know.
...and in the case of &quot;Exterminator!&quot; that's not a good thing.  Granted, this sloppy collection of short stories stitched together as a novel will appeal to fans of the author's fragmented, &quot;Naked Lunch&quot; style (run-on sentences, nonsensical incidents, etc.)... but will likely turn anyone else off.  The first hundred pages, especially, consist of some of the most alienated, distant, and boring prose I've ever read.  For the rest of the novel, however, there are poignant and poetic passages relating to politics, the Vietnam war, and racial and sexual discrimination, among other things, so &quot;Exterminator!&quot; isn't entirely worthless, but it's a far cry from Burroughs' best work.
The Things They CarriedIn 1971 I met a man who was a musician and who was a big fan of all the popular music of the day and who had some experience with recreational drugs.  He could name all the popular musicians and bands and identify which recreational drug influenced their music, based on the type of music they made.  At least he claimed that he could.  I just wonder, was The Things They Carried influenced by a recreational drug, and if it was, which one.  It has what I will call a "stream of consciousness" aspect to it.  It doesn't just tell a story, the way someone like Stephen Ambrose or David McCullough would tell a story.  It presents what a character is thinking and what all the characters are saying, and sometimes is very repetitive.  The repetition is deliberate on O'Brien's part, not just carelessness or disrespect for the reader.  I'm not sure why O'Brien repeats that way - maybe it is to lull the reader into inattention so he can surprise him with some shocking, tragic event, which is what happens in the book sometimes.  Sometimes it's dialog and maybe O'Brien believes that people repeat themselves that much in dialog.  A couple of times, it is dialog, and other characters in the book start getting annoyed by the repetition.  Sometimes the descriptions go into deep details, much more detail than I could ever have written, much more detail than most authors would have given.  Details that don't seem to add to the story.  But I'm sure the details have a wonderful purpose.  I am told that this is a wonderful book.  No doubt a professor of literature could explain why these details are there.  Then in the midst of some repetitive story with excessive details, boom - something shocking happens.  Don't get me wrong.  I am not accusing O'Brien of being on recreational drugs when he wrote the book.  I am just saying it would be a plausible explanation of why the book bounces around and why the descriptions become so detailed and why the repetition becomes extreme.  In a related thought, there is symbolism in the book.  Now I am not very good at getting symbolism.  I might not have noticed the symbolism had I not read about it on the internet.  Now here's the thing.  When you have stream of consciousness and symbolism and extreme detail, different people are going to understand the book in different ways.  I worry about reviewers who say "I was born in 1969 (or 1979, or 1989) and didn't understand the Vietnam War, and then I read The Things They Carried, and now I understand."  When you read a book that is part fiction and part fact and the author is playing games with your mind, there's no telling what understanding the reader is going to get, or whether it will be consistent with the truth.I read about a hundred Amazon reviews of this book, fairly evenly distributed among 1 star, 2 star, 3 star, 4 star, and 5 star reviews, and I read most of the comments that people left, too.  Several reviewers were offended by the Rainy River story, which ends with "... then to Vietnam, where I was a soldier, and then home again.  I survived, but it's not a happy ending.  I was a coward.  I went to war."  Now some reviewers read that and think O'Brien is calling every Vietnam vet a coward, because he was not brave enough to evade the draft, or was not brave enough to desert.  Then someone always responds with a comment that O'Brien is not saying that about all vets, just about himself.  Well, the way this book is written, the way you never know what parts are fiction and which parts are non-fiction, you can't blame someone for thinking that O'Brien is calling all vets cowards.  O'Brien himself says that a story might be story-true but not factually true.  The story-truth that O'Brien seems to be telling is that vets are cowards because they didn't evade the draft and didn't desert.  Okay, now let me have it, tell me how wrong I am.  I am amazed at the comments that people have left for reviewers, but I won't be amazed any more.  Another thing I noticed after reading about a hundred reviews is that only one of them said "I am a Vietnam vet and this book really explains what it was like to be a soldier in Vietnam."  Maybe two or three reviews said "I am a Vietnam vet and this book really offends me."If you want to understand the life of grunts in Vietnam, I recommend Guns Up by Johnnie M. Clark, though some will miss the political agenda that O'Brien provides.  Guns Up tries to tell a true story of a grunt in Vietnam.
The idea of time travel has forever been appealing to humankind.  This one, embedded in a love-story, also promised to be "highly original" and "charming". But what I got instead was an overcooked, pseudo-edgy script wanting in grace and touch (an editor's, among others).  I was looking forward to the protagonist's flights through different time periods, anticipating diversion from, say, his trying to adapt to different manners and dress etc.  Turns out that the time periods varied between days (sometimes only hours) and, at most, four decades, which didn't quite satisfy my appetite for time travel. As for dress, a severe aversion to clothes was one of Henry the time traveler's many ailments (what was up with that nakedness, anyway?!).Unlike many readers, I did not take much issue with the language (admittedly sometimes less than ladylike-- so much for manners), and I would even forgive Niffenegger for the occasional lapse in logic.  But I did find the switching dates back- and forth confusing and annoying.  Of course, no one says that the author has to conform to my wishes, but I figured that, as an artist, she could have thought of less clumsy plot devices.  And, can you say CREEPY?  I was not charmed by the detailed descriptions of Henry's tte-&agrave;-ttes with the woman we know he is going to later have salacious sex with as a 6, 8 or 12-year old, despite (or because of) his constant vows of abstinence.  When he was not busy affirming how much self-control this cost him at a subjective age of 40, Henry's omniscience--in those scenes as well as in those ludicrous encounters with himself as a younger double--was maddening.  Some of Henry's violent, downright disturbing behavior would have made for at least some good mystery; it's okay for a story if the hero has a dark side and is not all orange-blossoms lovey-dovey, as we are supposed to believe his undying love for Clare is.  For instance, the twisted German ex-girlfriend actually seemed like the most interesting character to explore.  But those chapters from his past or future or whatever were mostly left in the dark and so cannot appear but unnecessarily ugly. The rest of the characters was, overall, so constructed (Henry's artsier-than-thou and Clare's grand-bourgeois background?  Gomez the wanna-be Che Guevara?  The black lesbian best friend whose name I forgot of said ex-girlfriend/nemesis who becomes Clare's second best friend?) that I felt far more related to the mapquest-like portrayal of my (past and future!) hometown of Chicago, complete with streets, train stations and highway exits. Like with many books before, this reading experience suffered from misled expectations.
Well, I usually enjoy just about every genre when it comes to reading, and I tear through books once they seem even vaguely interesting...but I had a tough time even making it past the first two chapters. In fact I hardly did. Things seem to me, to be described in a roundabout way and  quite honestly, it was mind numbing. I just couldn't bring myself to read any further. Don't waste your time or money. I even brought this on a 3 hour road trip with and I was extremely disapointed that I hadn't thought to bring something else.
Distill it down to ten and expand on each and maybe it will be more powerful, useful. I need to be able to implement things in my life.
Although the author may know his stuff, it's too bad that McGraw-Hill didn't have an editor review his work or at least have a couple of math majors read through his book and provide him with feedback before they rushed to get it published.For example, on PAGE 5, the author states that the coefficient matrix is the element at row i, column j (Fig 1-2). As a beginning student, I stared at that for a few minutes before giving up on what the author was trying to communicate. It was only when I turned to PAGE 6 did I see the matrix that he stated was on PAGE 5.A similar error appeared on PAGE 8 when the author breaks up the discussion on PIVOTS with Figure 1-3 which is a discussion of the upper and lower triangular matrices. But then he continues the PIVOTS discussion on PAGE 9 ane NEVER refers to the Figure 1-3 (because it was actually part of the previous section)!The next error pops up on PAGE 13 when the number 13 in the sample matrix mysteriously turns into the number 19. And this error is carried through the next page (14). At this point I gave up on the book with it errors and inconsistencies. Luckily, I had  borrowed it from the library.The only reason I gave this book ONE STAR is because Amazon would not let me give it ZERO STARS.However, the library also had copies of Schaum's Outline to Linear Algebra and 3,000 Solved Problems in Linear Algebra. These two books were very good and worth buying.
It's disappointing how many people gave this rather poor book such high numbers.  It can only be that the book takes easy shots at the CIA and politicians--always easy targets and that the book came out at a time when everyone was obsessing about terrorism and our response to it.If this was really the best field agent we had in the Middle East, it looks to me like there is more of an explanation for our intelligence failures than the politicians and bureaucrats back home.In all of his self-serving description of his exploits in the CIA, he never seems to have prevented a single terrorist attack or have recruited a single valuable asset in the war on terror.  He savages Arafat for his terrorist roots, but more or less gives prominent Israeli politicians a pass for their similar history.More importantly, he is a poor writer, the book is poorly edited, with spelling and punctuation mistakes, and his accusations of various players tend to be poorly backed up with facts.  (Someone in his line of work spells Caucasus as plural "Caucases?", like Iowa or something? Labels a C-130 as a c-140?)  Not damning mistakes, but not adding much credibility to a book which is so full of innuendo and unsubstantiated allegations that it could really use some.I'm sure plenty of mistakes were made in the war on terrorism, in the CIA, in the White House, and elsewhere, and in all recent administrations--but I wouldn't take this guy's word for what the problems are or how to fix them.
Forgive me but, I didn't like this book at all.  Can't even get into it; have tried several times.  Wanted to read the novel (because it's what sold Keira Knightly on doing the movie) because the film isn't yet out on dvd.  Did not like the writer's style at all. Can't figure out who to pass it on to.  I know the author and the book have great fans; sorry not to be one of them.  But at least, now I'm even more eagerly anticipating Joe Wright's movie of same.LATER: turns out I didn't like the movie either, except for the luscious and taughtly drawn first third (before it got bogged down in Dunkirk) and the last scenes of the movie with Vanessa Redgrave's marveleous performance. Actually all of the movie performances were good; and after I saw the whole film I listened to Joe Wright's commentary on the first third, and he's astute as always, but the final 2/3 of the movie was too slow, in spite of the acting. Too convoluted a conceit for me, I think, --to see everything through a thirteen year old child's eyes, or her memories (at a temporal distance) of what she saw in either enhanced reality, or later in her imagination.  Hard, then for the movie to stay rooted in the present. The only time I felt any real immediacy was the scene where Briony is sent to the bedside of a wounded French soldier, to comfort him in his last moments with her childhood/school days French.
I didn't read this book in its prime--when it was de rigeur for would-be hipsters and those unable to resist the p.r. onslaught engendered by the "bad kid" trifecta of Ellis, Jay McInerny, and Tama "Check Out My Hair! It's Wacky!" Janowitz.  Instead, I gave it a whirl after reading a positive review for its sequel (Imperial Bedrooms), thinking: "what the hell...I'm less of a snob now than in my early 20s, let's see what the unholy fuss was about."  Well, let's just say that I don't feel I missed out on anything back then.  "Less Than Zero" is just a boring, pointless exercise in shock-value writing.  I didn't care for the leaden, simplistic characters, there was no verve, no color, no snap to the writing.  Just short little puny sentences, ridiculous name dropping (clothes from Parachute and Camp Beverly Hills?  they weren't stylish even when they were stylish...) and idiotic cliche`s about life in Los Angeles.  It makes me wonder what kind of drugs were in the reviewers' drinking water at the time, because there has to be SOME reason this trifle made it to the top of the charts.  Furthermore, Ellis took Elvis' name in vain (Elvis Costello, that is)...for this piece of dreck he shoulda just gone with the "Lady in Red" guy. I'm giving it two stars because it's not as bad as, say, "Eat, Pray, Love"...but barely so.
I thought this book was boring, to technical, and rambling while never arriving at a point. Well maybe it was over my head, I thought, until I read the review for this book titled "How to make an interesting subject boring". I agree with that reviewer, he has a background and understanding of neurobiology. The book starts out telling the story of the author's career, then you start getting the stories of his mentors careers. He writes about past theories of the brain that turned out to be incorrect. In the back half of the book you start getting chapters that explain in an overly technical dense writing style about neural development, exploring brain systems, the visual system, visual perception, perceiving color, geometry and motion. I wish the writing style would have been more targeted to the average reader and not post graduates in neurobiology. This was a tough professorial read, if you are highly interested in the how the brain works and have an advanced understanding of the brain, you may enjoy this book. I was glad when I had finished it.
Chad Smith is a man of great wisdom.  Everyone in a position of leadership could benefit from his book.  Wonderful!
While an author is certainly entitled to write whatever book he/she wishes, one would think that they would feel SOME sort of responsibility to their readers/fans, in addition to remaining true to their fictional  creations that have come before.Thomas Harris does neither of these  with HANNIBAL. After RED DRAGON and SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, one reads  HANNIBAL and comes away thinking that someone else must have written this  book. This is not the Thomas Harris writing that we have come to love.Gone is the tight, suspenseful writing of the previous two books. There is  no suspense and the writing is poor.  The writing consists mainly of lines  like:  &quot;Clarice did THIS...&quot; or &quot;Dr. Lecter likes  THAT...&quot;.  HANNIBAL is all over the place.  Too many locations,  too many superfilous characters, too much verbiage.  More is not always  better.  Unlike DRAGON and SOTL, which concentrated mainly on the  protagonist and one or two other main characters and the suspense built  from those interactions, HANNIBAL has a huge cast of supporting players  that we're supposed to care about and don't.  (Is/was Barney REALLY  necessary in this book?)  And, is Clarice the protagonist here or is  Lecter?  This confusion hurts the story, especially since I don't WANT  Lecter to be a hero!HANNIBAL is too big, too sprawling.  Example:  we  have a huge middle section that takes place in Florence.  An Italian police  officer works to have Lecter captured.  This whole subplot is not only  useless, but the denouement is completely predictable.  We KNOW how it's  going to end and it doesn't advance the plot at all (except to point out to  us just how &quot;cultured&quot; Hannibal Lecter is).Harris' attempts  at &quot;thrills&quot; are failures.  There ARE NO thrills, there is no  suspense. The fate of Starling's nemesis at book's end (at the dinner  table) is ludicrous.  And Harris couldn't come up with a better (and  scarier) agent of revenge than killer PIGS?Lastly, and most  importantly, there are the main characters.  Hannibal Lecter and Clarice  Starling are completely (pardon the expression) butchered.  The young,  confident, capable Clarice Starling becomes little more than a mindless  zombie by novel's end.  And Hannibal Lecter, who we've come to love as a  sheer monster, is made to be an almost acceptable human being.  His  monsterousness is &quot;explained&quot;.  Hannibal Lecter has become CHIC!  It's almost as though Harris had contempt for the success of his  characters...or his readers... and Harris said, &quot;I'll show them.&quot;  And HANNIBAL is the result.  Well, Harris showed us.  Now I'll show him.  I won't be purchasing any further novels from Mr. Harris based on the  mess/disappointment that HANNIBAL is.
A more accurate title for this book would be "A Survey of Modern Microprocessor Designs." It's primarily concerned with describing and benchmarking the tradeoffs that that engineers at Intel et al. have made. So I'm not the target audience for this book; I'm just a programmer who'd like to learn more about what my code is really doing. Still, I dove in and tried to get what I could out of it.If you're in an upper-level CS course, want to work in the microprocessor industry after you graduate, and have a competent instructor who can help you navigate this dense tome, I'm sure it's very useful. And to be fair, it's intended as an advanced textbook following up the more basicComputer Organization and Design. But for self-study, this book is woefully insufficient. Even the most basic material reads like this bit from Appendix A, "Instruction Set Principles":"Why would someone design a computer with alignment restrictions? Misalignment causes hardware complications, since the memory is typically aligned on a multiple of a word or double-word boundary. A misaligned memory access may, therefore, take multiple aligned memory references."What does it mean that "memory is typically aligned on a multiple of a word or double-word boundary"? And to what end? Why couldn't the authors have demonstrated this with a snippet or two of code? This sort of breezy description is, alas, typical of this book.
This poorly written book presents simple ideas in an incoherent way that attempts to appear novel and smart. After reading this book I was left with the sense the authors feel it is impossible to under estimate the intelligence of their readers/clients. The glossary contains words used in their normal sense but defined in a confused way, for example:"multidisciplinary--Key to Fostering Conversation Capital is the act of assembling multidisciplinary teams. An effect team is assembled from A-listers who are not homogeneous, who come come from diverse educational, cultural, occupational and socio-economic realms."The glossary contains similar jumbled definitions for smoked meat(?), insight, conversation, word-of-mouth, standardization,..., the list goes on but i won't.I suggest readingInfluence: The Psychology of PersuasionandInfluence: Science and Practicein particular the chapters titled "Social Proof", "Liking" and "Scarcity" to understand this topic better.Their qualification for writing seems to be based around their involvement with Cirque du Soleil. As the saying goes "One Swallow doesn't make a Summer."This book is self indulgent, bombastic nonsense--don't waste your time or capital.
I sort of get it that Stein went "pedal to the metal" to smash all of the writing and stylistic conventions of her time.  She wrote about women, the poor, the mundane elements of life that make the bulk of our lives; all that was on the fringe and to the left of center of what was considered important to write about. I get it that this is groundbreaking.  Stein and this work should be applauded and recognized as pioneering, experimental and something just plain new. Stein put it out there because other writers were probably too chicken-s_ _ t to try anything new and she said what the hell.  She definitely deserves major credit for that but it is still not a good read.  It is a wonderful read if you are a reader who is deeply into style and form and theme and can compare and realize just how different it is point by point.  If you know what she was trying to do you'll love it otherwise it is pretty boring to read as stories.  The writer pyrotechnic are the star and not the stories and characters themselves, so it is not good story telling.  Virginia Wolff did it stylistically much better with "To the Lighthouse" years later, but there might not have been a "Too the Lighthouse" if first there was no "Three Lives".  Someone had to do it first.  Stein was rich and already living outside the "normal" it did not cost her much to smash conventions.  The only things that are conventional though are the stereotypes she uses.  Half white and lighter skinned blacks are smarter than darker blacks.  College educated blacks speak in fragmented english.  Darker black are characterized as lazy and manipulative and mean.  Stein used all of her innovation on style and not substance.
Minsky covers a couple of disjointed topics in the most confusing way.  The first one is how everyone so far got Keynes wrong.  He covers that in the first couple of chapters.  In doing so, Minsky criticizes a bunch of neo Keynesian models developed by eminent economists that invariably miss out on one or more of Keynes' key concepts.  Some of those include: 1) the concept of uncertainty associated with any complex economic systems that renders quantitative models futile; 2) the volatility of capital investments that by its nature leads to unstable and less than full employment; 3) wage rigidity is not the sole problem underlying excessive unemployment.  If wages were elastic, it would eventually exacerbate unemployment levels even more; and 4) a capitalist economy within an uncertain time vector left to its own resort is by its nature unstable and transits in unpredictable ways from one state to another (expantion, boom, crisis, depression, stagnation, recovery etc...).The second topic covered through most of the remainder of the book consists in the correct interpretation of Keynes according to Minsky and the integration of Minsky's own theory of crisis within Keynes' framework.  Minsky attempts to do both simultaneously.  And, he generates a rather awkward narrative.  Minsky acknowledges numerous times that Keynes did not advance a logical model of bubbles and crises.  He also adds that Keynes ignored the dynamics of the debt side of the balance sheet of households, companies, banks, and governments.  And, that's where Minsky's own brilliant theory comes in.  And, that is why he is one of the most praised economists in this post-housing crisis era.However, Minsky contradicts himself.  If Keynes ignored the dynamics of debt and its impact on bubble and crisis, how could Keynes be interpreted so as to include those concepts he so explicitly missed?  Yet, that is what Minsky is attempting to persuade the reader off.  In other words, he suggests that Keynes and him are essentially one.  If you had correctly interpreted Keynes you would have also deducted Minsky's crisis theory as part of the original Keynes foundation.  That's a very bizarre leap.It remains unclear what Minsky truly added to Irving Fisher'sThe Debt-Deflation Theory of Great Depressionswritten three decades before Minsky's first work on the topic.  Minsky is a brilliant economist on certain counts.  But, I find him a very ineffective writer (if this book is representative) especially relative to Irving Fisher.If you want to understand Minsky, instead of reading his own writings, I recommend the far clearer book written by Charles KindlebergerManias, Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises (Wiley Investment Classics).  Minsky's basic concept is that the credit cycle exacerbates the business cycle because lenders lend excessively when collateral values go up and don't lend enough when they go down.  Lending and asset values (collateral) create a positive feedback loop causing both asset bubbles and crashes.  Although, this is a pretty straighforward concept (and a brilliant insight) Minsky is hardly able to articulate it clearly.  Fortunately, Kindleberger does an excellent job of it on his behalf.  It is almost like Minsky is a brilliant scientist who writes in a foreign language, he only knows.  And, Kindleberger is the brilliant translator who can make sense of it all and clearly explain it to the rest of us.
I was looking forward to reading this novel but it was so complicated with the characters jumping all over the place that I simply gave up as I was sick of having to go back and forward to work out who was who!  Perhaps someone with a little more patience may disagree.
For the longest time I thought that the Miserable Mill was the worst in the series. Then I read this one. I love all the other series of unfortunate events books but I just strongly dislike this one. There's really nothing I like about it and I really don't know why. I just hate it?
I found this book very difficult to read. I did not enjoy it. I don't think I will tell anyone to read it.
From the get-go this novel was pretentious. Other reviewers have regaled this book for its intelligence, but constant references to Ovid and Dante seemed like rubbing the readers face in the authors research. The storyline about Penrose and the two sisters was awash with mythology that weakened the idea. A more straightforward telling could have made it intriguing. The underwater garden could have been so cool under different circumstances.The protagonist's thinking and actions seemed disjointed. To not see Neal for well over a decade seems unbelievable. Was he sentenced to the institution, or there under his own volition? It was never explained why Juno didn't keep track of him even if he had tried to drown her and Beatrice. Why did it take days or weeks (couldn't get a grasp on the passage of time) to read the snippets of notes found around the stained glass? It wasn't a novel, for goodness sake. In the end, Juno faced betrayal by two very important people in her life, and the author didn't use it properly. She didn't make the reader feel the betrayal, or care. The ending was preposterous.I didn't like this book at all. It was a book club selection for this month so I made myself finish the book. The middle really bogs down, and the ending is almost unconnected to the rest of the novel. Not recommended.
I love to read and I hated this book.  I tried to find something profound in it, but it wasn't possible.  I'm giving my copy away.  In this case the movie was better
Not her usual exciting and interesting fare.  Hope she goes back to her original subject matter.  I really like her earlier books.
I was taken by surprise by the subject matter of the book. I was not aware the book was about an adopted child.I wanted to give it as part of a Christmas gift for my grandchild who lives out of state, but only read it when it arrived for shipment to her. Im really glad I read thru the book because it would have been totally inappropriate and confusing to the child. Under normal circumstances, this would be an ideal book for an adopted child to read. Sorry.
This book was highly recommended to me twice in two days. I took it as a sign. I checked out the reviews here, and thought I'd found a great read.WRONG!I liked the beginning, it all sounded promising. But soon after the travelling back in time I started getting bored out of my mind by the shallow Claire who lives on like nothing extraordinary just happened to her. I kept on reading, though, hoping something would happen soon.Wrong again!There are way too many useless and boring scenes. I rarely give up on a book, but upon reading, and agreeing with the one, two, and three star reviews, I decided to end my suffering. Reading should be enjoyable. I don't see the point of forcing oneself to finish a book, hoping it will get better, when it feels like a chore to do so. I'd rather grab another book and have a good time.
(I removed the spoiler that one commenter pointed out.)  Arnaldur Indridason is to crime novels what Jerry Seinfeld was to situation comedies: "The Draining Lake" is a novel about nothing.  Or, more precisely, "The Draining Lake" is a novel where nothing happens.  A Cold War-era skeleton is found in a lake.  Nobody cares, except our hero, Detective Erlendur.  Why does he care?  As a youth, he was outside with his brother in winter when a blizzard struck, and his brother disappeared.  So, he's dedicated his police career to solving missing persons cases.  Don't get me wrong; this is as good a jumping-off point for a crime novel as any other.  The problem is that Indridason never tries to make the reader care about the victim.  In fact, late in the book, when there's a little twist and you discover the skeleton is not who you'd assumed, you just don't care.The "action" revolves around the hunt for persons who might be able to provide information to help solve the decades-old mystery.  The suspense: is the person still alive?  If so, does he live in an old age home? Or... is he still living on his own!?How about a wily villain, foiling the police at every turn, seemingly one step away from escape?  That would be too much drama for Indridason.  The book is peppered with one character's college reminiscences which serve as a platform for Indridason to illustrate how young people infatuated with the ideals of Socialism in the 1950's became disenchanted when they experienced the Eastern European reality.  The reader quickly learns to look forward to these flashbacks as they divert his attention from the rest of the novel where nothing is happening.
I have now read all of the Barnard mysteries. This one was my least favorite. The tone is negative throughout. The book ends abruptly. It is just not a very sensitive or engaging portrayal of society or the characters.
I really don't like Ms Heyer's style of writing and I have not even finished the book. Maybe later, when I've nothing else to read.
I'm not sure if this book is good or not. When I bought it I forgot to check that the book was gluten AND casien free...it's not. Just gluten free. If you don't have to worry about casien or dairy then this might be an ok book for you
This is an altogether unedited novel that reads as if it was written by either a drug addict or someone with ADHD, or possibly a twelve year-old.  You will find entire pages without a period and others with so many misspelled words and typos, it's as irritating as someone scratching a chalkboard with their fingernails.  Vast portions of dialogue are so confusing and poorly written you must refer to a separate piece of academic analysis to determine what Faulkner is doing.  This was a failed novel when it was written, and was only revived when later works by Faulkner became popular.  Hmmm, imagine that.  This was truly painful to read and should only serve as an example to young writers of &#34;If this novel could gain a national audience, yours certainly can.&#34;
I tried to like this novel.  I love his earlier works, but really dislike The Winter.  I think it seems so dated, not just because it was written in 1960, his other works are older. It reads like an old man trying to write as a young one but not quite achieving it.  I don't understand how the book won the prize.  Guess i will reread his earlier novels.
I am a high school teacher who chose to read Tortilla Curtain to determine if we should add it to our school's summer reading list. I was very excited to read the novel, and within the first three chapters I was hooked. Unfortunately my enthusiasm didn't last, although I did read it to the awful end.Boyle's characters begin genuine but devolve into caricature, and some of the ugly racism comes across as "understandable under the circumstances." I think I was most offended by the connection Boyle makes between the coyotes (the animal variety) preying on expensive pure-bred dogs and the Mexicans (portrayed as savage and primitive) preying on rich Americans holed up in their gated communities.The ugly, empty ending almost prompted me to get up out of bed late at night to write an angry letter to the author. I even dreamed about a better ending and was disappointed to wake up and learn that it wasn't real.I cannot recommend this book, although Boyle does has a gift for description. I wish he'd put his talents to better use.
I couldn't finish it!  I was supposed to read this for a book club and I couldn't even get half way through.  Everyone said it picked up it's pace halfway through but I didn't want to waste my time with a book I already didn't like and I never leave a book unfinished.
I was charmed by Verghese's Ethiopia, and early on the magic realism went down like a gel cap. But in the best chapters there was carelessness. Sometime he violated his own narrative point of view."The much touted letter" was a maddeningly ineffective contrivance...as though an exasperated editor had said: the best way to explain these characters' motivations and tie up all your loose ends would be a letter. Well not this letter!Complaints aside, I was so along for the ride that when--after 19-20 chapters--the pace slowed to that of a water buffalo, I stayed astride the beast. Sure enough, it picked up speed and was galloping along nicely when suddenly--like the story's motor cycle--it lost control, started careening down a hill, gathering mawishness and melodrama along the way. By the time it crashed, the main characters which--for the most part--Verghese had painstakingly created were barely recognizable, as though he had now taken up painting and tasked a high school writing class with finishing his once promising novel.While Verghese's white and India characters--for the most part--are well drawn, his Ethiopians and Eritreans are stereotypes. He is totally adrift with Genet...as though he's been locked in mid-20th C boarding school where boys fantasize about sex crazed she-wolves. Is Genet even real? Only now--mid-review--do I see that as a possibility which would explain why she "killed" Shiva and not Marion...perhaps Shiva was the adolescent Marion...that's the only thing that makes sense. Hmm, I'll have to think about that.What I found unforgivable was how Verghese brought Shiva along as shy, gentle, and sensitive...his stances, expressions and tastes could only be described as effeminate. Then he flips him 180 degrees: suddenly Shiva is callously banging every woman in sight: slam, bam, sans the thank you ma'am. Was this suppose to be puberty? Again...if what I said about Genet not really existing and Shiva existing only as a aspect of Marion. Then it makes more sense. Now I'm feeling stupid, of course that's it. Double dah!Still I'm inclined to think: writers should write books, and doctors should teach medicine or tend to their patients.
I had high hopes for this book. I hadn't heard much about it, but it sounded great, and Joyce Carol Oates is a renowned author. (I haven't read any of her adult novels, but I do know a few of her essays and some of her poetry.) Big Mouth & Ugly Girl might not be all that hypable, but I was expecting a quiet gem, one of those unassuming but good books. But sadly, that is not what I got.The feel of this book is very immature, which surprised me, since Joyce Carol Oates usually writes for adults. Maybe it's one of those adult-author-tries-to-write-YA kind of problem, the author dumbing down her style for a younger audience, which I'm never a fan of. Either way, the writing is very basic - short sentences, lots of exclamation points, that kind of thing. Writing like that might fit some stories, but I thought it was kind of strange and didn't fit the serious subject-matter.What bugged me most, I think, was the portrayal of good and evil, which is very black and white in Big Mouth & Ugly Girl. Each character is either all good or all bad and, well, that's not how real life works. I found it a little unrealistic how everyone turns on Matt. Reading the synopsis, I'd thought Ursula would spend the whole time trying to prove Matt's innocence, but that's just the first part. Matt's innocence is proven pretty far at the beginning, but people still treat him badly afterwards, and that's what the book is mainly about. I'd get that a lot of people would feel weird around him, and that some would even harrass him. But everyone turning on him, even his friends, who were there when Matt cracked those jokes that made someone report him? I can't imagine that happening, to be honest.It also frustrated me how negatively the school was portrayed. They were told that Matt had threatened to blow up the school, and immediately got the police involved. Yes, that tip they received was crap, but that's not the school's fault! What were they supposed to do, ignore it!? School shootings are no joke, and I'd prefer a school administration that acts immediately, getting the police involved to protect the students, to one that'd do nothing. People kept repeating how the school should have known the scare was false because Matt had always been such a good guy, but it's not like you can tell beforehand who's gonna go and blow up the school. The way that whole issue of school shootings is handled, how the characters don't understand at all that the administration would be scared and tried to protect the students, frustrated me.I didn't love the characters, either. Matt and Ursula are okay, I guess, but nothing special. I did not like how their relationship developed, at all. Ursula speaks up for Matt, and then they're immediately best friends. Their connection was deep and profound, supposedly, but I didn't see it. And that ending.... just, no.Maybe I'm too old for this kind of book - I could see Big Mouth & Ugly Girl working a lot better for the younger YA set. But for me, it didn't work - an immature writing style and very basic plot and character development made it hard for me to enjoy Big Mouth & Ugly Girl.
It's hard for to believe that Mr. Zandi has a degree in economics from University of Pennsylvania's Whaton School of Business.In this book Zandi:advocates and defends massive government spendingdefends the bailouts and stimulusclaims that the &#34;stimulus&#34; worked and that we are currently in recoveryalso claims that Amercians make the best financial productsand America is the most productive economy on the planetand asserts many other false factsHere's an interesting anecdote, Zandini failed to convince his son it was a &#34;good time to buy&#34;, as the cash was still sitting in his account. His son also points out that in the decade they had been buying and selling stocks together, &#34;our portfolio had gone nowhere. But in the end we hadn't gained a cent. It was true.&#34; Look up his predictions he's made else where in the media and you'll find his track record falls short.The last chapter is filled with optimism and is entitled &#34;Don't bet against the United States.&#34; As a US citizen, I hope he's right but my intuition is we headed toward experiencing a similar &#34;lost decade&#34; similar to what Japan experienced.
I've read a lot of difficult works - Hegel's Phenomenology, Proust, the Tain, Goethe, Joyce's Ulysses. As difficult and obscure as they were at times, they all had some relative merits. I eventually even found some of them enjoyable on 2nd or 3rd readings (Proust was even enjoyable on the first).This book, on the other hand, is devoid of anything approaching meaning on any level but the most reductionist as an occassional examination of words at play. It's a series of puns and obscurantist references without anything approaching a story or structure or even internal coherency. Of course, what could just as easily be the warblings of a paranoid schizphrenic has been inexplicably hailed by some academics as a masterwork. This is not a masterful examination of language. It's more like the musings of a 6 year old struggling with it who has a taste for bad puns and a serious case of apophenia.If you have finished Joyce other works (which are mostly excellent btw) pick up some Dostoevsky or Proust, Borges, Chesterton, or Calvino. Avoid this book. It's a waste of time.
I typically like novels set in India, or with Indian characters, but I actually forced myself to finish the book because I wanted to see if it remained so awful throughout the entire book.  And it did!!  Not only were the characters unbelievable/trite/unreal, the plot was insipid and the writing style was uninteresting.  Definitely one of the worst books I've ever read.
I have failed to understand the significance of Portrait, if it exists at all. If you don't like this book because you don't understand it, then that's OK, it is a book for distorted academicians. In other words, the author is elitist. Was Joyce so embued with self-sympathy that he decided to immortalize his life in the form of a book or what? The style of narration is egoistic: Mr. Joyce is so pumped up with innovation that he decides to startle the reader into admiration. And his motives are understandable: without the style, this book would be like sewage without a sewer.Now the plot. What can I say? The plot concerns the life of a introvert by the name Stephen Dedalus. He is "different" for some reason, I guess because he shuns social contact, so he becomes an artist. Isn't that justified: you abandon yourself from society, and so you become a castaway, and to keep yourself from plunging into greater vagueness, you become an artist. Its almost as if Joyce himself is justifying his lifestyle. Anyway. Stephen has many mundane travels in such boring places as his quaint Catholic school, the disenchanting streets of Dublin, and the descriptionally absent countryside. I sometimes wonder what this book is truly about: the sexual maturation of a castaway, or an exploration into a unappreciably vague mind, or perhaps a egoistic narrative of social evils? The book's conclusion is equally vague: nothing happens, as I understand it. The process of vagueness probably ends in shaping a teenager into an "artist." He even invents his "artistic theory", which is an unexpected break from the otherwise mysterious thoughts that choke his mind. There is plenty of sex (the bad kind, one that arises from pandering and failure), but not much more. Nonetheless, people most likely read this book to find out how it became famous. My experience was otherwise...
I love Olivia Goldsmith's books -- THE BESTSELLER is one of the best-ever books in its genre, and THE FIRST WIVES CLUB and FLAVOR OF THE MONTH were tremendous fun. So I couldn't wait to read this book. What a disappointment. Goldsmith is far better at capturing the lives of glittering, glamorous people than a group of fairly ordinary Seattle twentysomethings. The plot is predictable from beginning to end. And did Goldsmith even visit Seattle, or did she do her research long distance? At one point Jon goes to the Seattle airport because he thinks it would be a good place to pick up women. He zeroes in on a flight arriving from Tacoma. Uh, Olivia, the Seattle airport is practically IN Tacoma. That's why it's called SEATAC.Arriving only 11 months after the 500-page YOUNG WIVES, BAD BOY is a bad book that I can only imagine Goldsmith simply rushed to finish. Next time, I hope she takes a little more time and produces a yummy novel that's worth waiting for.
I know that everyone would much rather hear a positive book review than a negative one, however I really wish I had read the multitude of negative Amazon reviews before I wasted my money on this book.  I felt that, plain and simple, this book is a Dan Brown rip-off.  This book was mediocre at best, not terribly well-written, and only fairly entertaining.  If you're looking for a book that is in the league of The Da Vinci Code you probably want to keep looking.  This book completely lacks originality.  If you haven't read The Da Vinci Code yet and you're even considering this book- don't- just get The Da Vinci Code and enjoy a much better page-turner.
I usually enjoy John Grisham, but this book is boring. I didn't care about any of the characters, let alone what happens to them. I kept waiting for something interesting to happen. The book as a whole was uninspired as was the ending. There're lots of good books out there, don't bother with this one. The only reason I gave two stars instead of one is because Grisham is a technically good writer.
I was very disappointed in the latest Jamie/Claire installment.  It was long, tedious and just not worth the effort.  I enjoyed some of the scenes immensely, however, the parts I enjoyed could have been told in 300 or so pages and not 900+.  If you are an avid fan, you will need to read it, but if you've only felt so-so about the whole Outlander saga, then don't bother.  I really hope the next book is at least half as good as Outlander - then it will be a fantastic book.
It's hard to understand how this book got published without a half-decent editor going over it first. At least we would have been spared the hundreds of exclamation marks (!), "oops" and other not-so-cute punctuation that the writer uses to distraction. Also, I don't know why her husband didn't dump her by the time they reached the Caribbean. Factually, she makes mistakes with names and geography. Don't waste your time.
This is my first Heyer novel! I've heard such great reviews, and I just do not understand! I thought it was a romance, but the hero did not even show up in the story until 20% of the story had been read.  Even after his appearance, he was little more than a secondary character.  Their conversations were wholly related to their guardianship responsibilities.  The hero, at one point said that he did not know why he fell in love w/ Annis.  Well, I cannot understand how this relationship progressed either!  It was certainly not described to the reader.  This book was a tedious recitation of scenery for the most part.Many have said in their reviews of Heyer's books that she was very accurate in her descriptions of her book's time periods. I, for one, find it hard to believe with all social strictures of not associating with anyone whom one had not been introduced to, that this story could have ever been anywhere near reality.  Nor can I believe that any single woman of high birth could have lived alone or acted with such independence.  I think Ms. Heyer forgot her time period and was writing about the 1970's.One never got to experience any emotions of the characters other than a constant frustration of social rules voiced by one and all the characters.  By the time I was thru with this book, frustration was all I felt also!
Michael Lewis details his short career on Wall Street working with Salmon Brokers as a trader (working both in the US and Europe).  Lewis provides a description of the rise and fall of the mortgage bond market at Salomon Brothers as well his experience with other derivative markets.  Included in the book are several outlandish incidents that went on behind the scenes at Salomon brothers.  Many of the undertakings by the high net worth investment professionals will leave you taken aback as their actions show an often significant lack of any real viable market knowledge.Beyond some revelations revealing the sophomoric attitudes of the investment professionals and a peripheral description of the financial markets, Liar's Poker offers little insight that one would not acquire by working as a temp at any major brokerage firm.  Expecting to find a perceptive analysis on the financial markets, I was disappointed only to find a marginal account of the industry and some commentary on the author's personal experiences.  Lewis is not a bad writer, as he proved to be witty at times, but the material becomes monotonous rather quickly.
The author and his friend Luo are send to a remote village near Tibet during the Cultural Revolution. They have to work in the rice and cornfields and in a small coal mine. Luo is found to be an extremely good narrator so the 2 of them are send to movies in a nearby &quot;city&quot;. Afterwards they can then narrate the story for the villagers.From another boy they get a book from Balzac, which opens their eyes for prose that is radically different from the revolutionary texts with which they were raised. When the boy goes back to his parents, they steal his suitcase full of Western books.In the meantime Luo has fallen in love with the daughter of the tailor, the Chinese seamstress. He sees it as his task to raise her cultural awareness by reading for her parts of the Western books. When Luo all of a sudden has return to his parents for 1 month, he asks his friend to look after the Chinese seamstress.The end of the story I cannot reveal, but I think it is quite unsatisfactory as is the whole book: the characters are paper-thin, the theme remains vague and there is not a lot of humor in the book, even though that is claimed. This is typically a book that sells because its topic is the Cultural Revolution. However, if you want to read about the Cultural Revolution you are much better off reading Jung Changs Wild Swans.
This is a book for beginners to speak and read arabic but I think they don't have all the tools to teach it.
If I could rate this novel chapter by chapter, some chapters would get 8 stars, while others would get zero.It's about the life of Alexias and his male lover, Lysis, both soldiers in the Athenian army during the last phases of the Peloponnesian War.Renault takes the reader inside the psyche of ancient Athens where older men courted younger men as lovers. The thinking behind this is since lovers are so emotionally attached, they are less likely to abandon one another on the battlefield. And yes, Alexias and Lysis fight side by side through several battles. And comparatively, they make most modern-day men, who consider themselves manly, look like wimps.Considering when the novel was published, in the early 1900s, that might explain the rather vague and impressionistic love scenes. It's not really a blow-by-blow, if you will. The reader has to infer what's going on. It's not difficult, but you just have to pay attention. Some might consider those love scenes all the more sensual as a result. They were beautifully rendered.These are my gripes with the novel. The writing was clunky and awkward. There are also no section breaks in the chapters. So it can get quite confusing when Renault goes from writing about the relationship of Alexias and Lysis in one paragraph, to writing about what's going on with the Samian War. The changes were so abrupt, several times I asked myself: "What is she talking about?" Honestly, it felt like Renault was rambling.Also, characters who were pivotal were not even developed. Alcibiades (spelled Alkibiades in the novel) ...  I have no clue who this man is and he took up at least 50 pages of the novel. Xenephone is introduced here and there, you had Plato, Lysander, and others, also poorly, poorly developed characters.Then there were complex conversations about the intricacies of certain battles. And because of all the information that Renault leaves out, I had no idea what the characters were specifically talking about. I didn't know who wanted what... it was a mess.Where was the character development? Alexias and Lysander seemed exactly the same people from beginning to end. The only things that did change were their ages.With that being said, I did feel attached to Alexias and Lysis, in that I sympathized with their plight to just want to love one another without their happiness having to be constantly threatened by a war-torn society.There were also some memorable scenes, Alexias racing at the Olympics had me on the edge of my chair; Lysis, competing in a fighting match; the first love scene by the beach; Alexias having to leave his new-born brother in the forest because the city was going through a famine and there was no food; all very gripping scenes.Overall, glad I stuck it out, but a very, VERY frustrating read.
When I reviewed THE STREET LAWYER recently, I mentioned that I've never put down a Grisham unfinished and that we should throw the man some props. For that book, certainly. For this one, nope. I read four chapters, 41 of its 391 pages, and gave up totally unengaged and uncaring about any of his characters or his plot. I hope he just had an off day or something, and that what he wrote later got back to what makes him so readable.
Donna Tartt's recent book 'Goldfinch' has received acclaim from several friends recently & also others that have found the writing too flowery. I decided to go back & read an earlier book.....& I wish I hadn't bothered. Once I start a book I like to finish but this was such a chore.......I couldn't wait to get it over & done with. I had to keep reminding myself that these men were actually young college people & not eccentric middle age men....I also kept trying to imagine what era it was.... Still really have no idea. I won't be reading any more Donna Tartt....not for me.
I agree with the other reviewers that this book is very poorly written.  After reading the first few chapters and have found a half dozen spelling mistakes and several sentences that don't make sense, you have to know that this book was rushed out the door.What's worse than that for your typical SCEA candidate is the amount of time that is wasted with repetitive or unnecessary information.  I've got very little time in my day to read books, and the last thing I need is an author inserting fluff around the core material just to make the book look bigger.  This &quot;user-friendly&quot; writing style is best kept in the &quot;X For Dummies&quot; series, and kept out of books for busy professionals.The other SCEA book (Cade and Roberts) is a much better buy.  I'd recommend buying only that one and supplementing it with other subject-specific books (EJB, UML, Patterns) instead of wasting your money and time with this one.
Ok...  Before I let rip, I didn't read Silence of the Lambs, Or Red Dragon, I saw the Movie years back, loved it, waited for the next book, and hoped for a sequel that would be a good read that would go well on the silver screen.  When I got to the end of this book this morning, I said "Thank God..  I made it to the end".  Did the editor forget to leave out the drivel?The Dr. Lector character maintains his depth and passion, which is why this gets two stars and not one, but this was relied upon much to heavily.  Their is an element of tension, but it staggered towards it like a whining child in a supermarket, and when it finally made it, it was a relief and no real surprise.  Stephen King remains the master of suspense and horror.The final insult came with the books conclusion, I personally found it poor, an insult to Starlings character, and much too difficult to believe.I had the image of Anthony Hopkins throughout the book, and he will bring color to the part, but with a book like this to base a film upon, there will be no need to write an acceptance speech this time.
As a consultant, thought this would be a good resource.  Some thoughtful tips, but otherwise, nothing new and exciting.  I was disappointed with the read after all the accolades on this book!
This book is a horrible waste of trees.  Aside from the errors and omissions, it is condescending, thin in content (filled out with quizzes that take up many of the pages), and generally useless for any meaningful introduction to or overview of chemistry.  I would give it zero stars if that were an option.  Try the old workhorse &quot;Chemistry Made Simple&quot; instead.
There must be something.  After seeing these books virtually everywhere--and their bestseller status--I decided to see what all of the hoopla was about.  I borrowed this book from a friend (it came highly recommended by several people) and attempted to read it.  Note attempted.  I can see where some would find the "idyllic" little town of Mitford appealing--I guess.  I found it unbelievably Stepfordish.  The cast of characters--especially Father Tim--are just BORING.  I was warned about the apparent lack of plot and action--neither are necessary for me to enjoy a book.  But this was just ridiculous.  The dialogue--who talks like that?  I feel a smidge of guilt for writing this review when I did not complete the book (this is a first), but I just can't do it.  I cannot get through this book, and where I once felt like I cannot leave a book unfinished, this book will remain thus.  Life is simply too short.  On to enjoyable reads.I'm sure that there must be something I'm missing...?  One can only hope.DYB
I had heard about this book in the early 1980's and I was happy to find it in a second hand book shop (Charlie Byrnes in Galway, the best on the planet!) earlier this year.The book is in the  Gosforth Park territory, a weekend in a English great House during the Edwardian period, and purposely aims to be a microcosm of English society on the brink of the Great War.The occasion is in weekend of shooting organised by Sir  Randolph Nettleby and the story slowly unwinds, however with a certain tension as the author tells us at the outset that there will be an error of judgement which will result in a death.  A significant amount of characters of all classes are gradually introduced,  representing the various strands of English society at the time.  The book is quite descriptive about the countryside, the heaviness of the clothes and the sheer logistics of organising the shooting of the various birds.  I found the description of the shooting and the mounds of dead birds quite revolting, and its clear the author, without directly saying so, see this as a symbol of the barbarism which lurked under the genteel surface.The tension was maintained through the various narratives, as the reader keeps wondering who will die and how.  For most of the story I was convinced it was going to be a small boy, Nettleby's grandson, who had a pet duck which had wondered off.I have two basic disappointments with the book, the most glaring was the characterisation - it seemed that each individual had to represent a type , the proprietor who valued tradition and frowned on competition among his guests, the loyal woodsman, the village boy who would come good through education, the poacher, the do-gooder who preaches animal rights, the adulterous ladies, the foreigner and the nouveau riche Jew. While each is brought to life, I felt the author started with the stereotype and  tried to characterise it, in particular the foreigner - a Hungarian nobleman - has no redeeming features.  The other disappointment was with the prose style - its quite densely descriptive,  I found I had to read and re-read sections, to be sure I hadn't missed something.
The Summons is not an awful book but it has very few redeeming qualities.  The story moves slowly - and that would be okay if it weren't for the poorly developed characters and complete lack of suspense - and I found myself expecting, at some point, something jarring to happen, for the plot to really kick in.  And it never did.  Even going into the final 100 pages, I hoped that something was going to happen to redeem the time I'd invested in the first 300 pages.  There was no payoff.  And the ending?  Don't get me started.  Its as if Grisham, like me, had just had enough and stopped working.I've no doubt that there are better Grisham novels out there.  I just sincerely wish I hadn't wasted my time with this one.
This book is basically Marxist view of art, and what art is intended to accomplish.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing!  It does help you to examine your assumptions and beliefs a bit, and that's one of the things an education is supposed to do.The book repeatedly hammers the idea that art serves the purposes of the ruling class.  This is beat upon to the point of tediousness.  There is also a chapter that can be summarized as "art serves the purposes of powerful men by trivializing women and encouraging them to think of themselves as an object d'art for the viewing pleasure of others.  Oddly enough, the book didn't really return to this them in the final essay when it talked about the visual image in advertising.  That's an arena where visual imagery is used to play on the insecurities of everyone, but especially women, to convince them that they are flawed and need __(fill in the name of a product)____ to be happy and respected and glamorous. Speaking of which, one of the more interesting points in the book (even though I believe it is flat wrong) is the discussion of the rise of "glamor" as a desirable trait.I found the book interesting, and it irritated me, but only in a good way--By making me think about my views.  But it really is written from the perspectives of a trendy liberal from the early 1970s.  Instead of closing with a powerful message summarizing some important aspect of art that we have been taught, the authors even use the final paragraph of the last essay to point out that capitalism exploits the masses and coerces them to ignore their own best interest(that's literally what it says!).Probably worth reading, but not a high priority.  The Penguin edition is compact and affordable, but the B&W; images are so small that much of the value of the work is lost--You can't see details of the art being reproduced.
This book is based on an interesting concept, but the book itself is grueling to read.  I would NOT recommend this book to anyone.I actually can't believe that this one is on Oprah's book club.  Even more distressing is the fact that such a marginal book would spike in sales like it did when it hit Oprah's list.Get a mind of your own and spend your time reading a better book that you actually pick for yourself.
I realize it's my fault for not paying more attention to the description of the story. I had watched the movie more times then I can count and just believed the book would be the same. Didn't stop to realize the book had been out first, hence making the movie. I was looking to read a light and funny book. The characters were to some degree like in the movie and it's hard not to picture them that way when you are reading. But they were not the same type of friends like I'd expected. It was more dark and serious and a lot more swearing then I cared for. I usually sail through a great book. I only read a few pages at a time and would have to keep going back and re-reading to remind myself what had happened. I'm sure it's a good book for someone else. But if your going to read it thinking it's the movie but of course a lot longer with more details as is the case for most books then you may be disappointed. I read  many books i.e &#34;Twilight&#34; &#34;Drew/Lacy Peterson case&#34; and the like and realize it's a bit different then movie but there is so much that doesn't go along in a light and silly way with this one. I will try reading it again with a fresh mind and perhaps I may appreciate it better the second time.
I gave this book a fair shot. I endured through the first chapters where it droned on, setting up the various characters and switching viewpoints back and forth. I enjoyed reading the next section where it seemed that things would finally work out for Robbie and Cecilia, only to be greatly disappointed in the last two pages of the book.This book is the story of Robbie and Cecilia. He was the son of Cecilia's family's cleaning lady. Robbie and Cecilia grew up together, went to college together, and returned home together. He has hopes of going to medical school and she is trying to figure out what to do with her life. The two have a strange spat by the fountain at her house, and we find that her younger sister, Briony, the writer, was watching. Briony completely misinterprets what she sees, and the results are catastrophic for Robbie.STOP READING IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW THE ENDThis is a terribly depressing book. From child rape, to a man wrongly accused and sentenced, to the couple that is supposed to overcome all of this dying, it is simply depressing. I read the entire book, but I wish I hadn't. I wish I had taken the advice I read a while back that said to subtract your age from 100. Then, give a book that many pages to catch your interest. If it hasn't by that point, stop reading. There are too many good books to waste your time reading.I wish I could get those hours of my life back that I wasted reading this depressing book.
I had to smile sadly when I read someone's review for this book; they were upset that others had &quot;slammed&quot; it. I know it's upsetting when one reads a book they love, and then finds that others dislike it. I'm  afraid I'm one of the slammers.After RED DRAGON and SILENCE OF THE  LAMBS, I thought this book was just dreadful. What amazed me is that Harris  had apparently waited eleven years to write this dismal performance. I  bought this book before it was on the Bestseller list, and buying books in  hardback is really a luxury for me, so just let me say that this was an  EXPENSIVE disappointment.The first 55 chapters were background. How  utterly dull. And the chapters on Hannibal in Italy sounded like a  traveloque, complete with &quot;Italian words&quot; dropping. It's worse  than name-dropping to drop as many unfamiliar words AND types of wines as  Harris did in this novel.  If I'd wanted that, I'd have purchased UNDER THE  TUSCAN SUN. By the time I'd arrived at chapter 55 and could see that  FINALLY some action was coming, I was already utterly disgusted, and not  one bit surprised that in the &quot;Acknowledgements.&quot; the majority  went to experts on Italian life and culture.I suppose it's hard to make  a cannibal very scary after Jeffrey Dahmer, but if he was attempting to  make Lecter frightening, Harris failed terribly.When I'd finished the  book, I hardly knew what to think. The ending was so incredibly  implausible.  Apparently, Mr. Harris had decided to write a travelogue with  a fairytale ending.The whole time I read this book, in my mind was the  fact that long before it was written, or at least published, the stars of  SILENCE OF THE LAMBS had already publicized their interest in doing a  sequel. Obviously, it was on Harris's mind as well. This read like a 1930's  version of a horror story. Where were the dancers?
A very disappointing end to a great series. Too many questions were left unanswered. The first half of the book dragged on. The second half was poorly written and very unsatifying.
If you have heard of Bollinger Bands, but don't know what they are, Bollinger on Bollinger Bands will be a good simple introduction.On the other hand, you probably don't need to know what Bollinger Bands are unless you plan to trade stocks or commodities rather than holding cash, bonds, or indexed stock mutual funds.  Even then, the subject is optional.  The book references a Web site you can go to in order to get investment ideas based on this type of technical analysis.Basically, there are three simultaneous Bollinger Bands.  The middle one is usually a 20 period (hour, day, week, or month) moving average of the stock price (or other index or commodity you are tracking).  The upper one is separated from the middle one by somewhere between 1.5 and 2.5 standard deviations.  The lower one is separated by the equivalent amount.  The relative difference is based on how many periods you are using.  The key equations involved are printed on two sheets of card stock that you can pull out of the book to use separately from the book, or as book marks.You use Bollinger Bands to create a relative measure of stock price.  John Bollinger warns you that you have to use some art in constructing the bands to fit the data set you are using.  Once in place, Bollinger Bands can be used to help spot switches in trends, identify trends that are likely to continue, and to generate ideas for possible investments.You are encouraged to use Bollinger Bands in conjunction with a wide array of other technical data, and fundamental analysis.  The discussion of which other technical data to use is quite good.  The fundamental analysis discussion is mostly missing.Those who are interested in a history of technical investment analysis will find this book a user friendly reference to the best work on "envelopes" around prices during the last three decades.  The text is supplemented with large numbers of graphs to support the key points.  There's an extensive glossary as well.If you rapidly grasp technical analysis, you can skip to the sections near the end where three investing methods are proposed.  If you do that, the book will seem like a long article to you.After reading the book, I looked at all of the stocks in my portfolio using Bollinger Bands, and found that Bollinger Bands would not have been very helpful for spotting buying opportunities in the last two years.  Bollinger Bands would have pointed out the risk of loss in three situations.  Other technical tools would have turned up more buy/sell points on these stocks than Bollinger Bands.  I'm not sure that I will use them after reading the book.Realizing that you can beat over 90 percent of professional money managers in total return by simply holding indexed stock mutual funds over the next ten years, how much effort do you want to put into learning more technical tools?Add knowledge that makes you wiser, rather than simply busier!
Execrably bad.  The heroine, of course, is smarter than everyone else, but predicatably goes all stupid when she meets the virginal (!) younger man.  She's conveniently given plot information in a series of tedious  expositional chunks before she goes back in time and then, amazingly, runs  into *everyone* she needs to in order to be able to use this  information.I found it hard to believe that this woman would give up so  quickly on trying to find a way back to her own time that she would marry  and bed this other man partially because of just simple common sense and  partially because these characters are so poorly written that nothing about  them - even their &quot;love affair&quot; - rings true.This book  requires a suspension of disbelief that is beyond belief.  I literally  threw the book across the room when Claire, suspected by the Scots clan who  has taken her in anyway, is put in charge of the medical care of *everyone*  even though they have no idea who she is.  Uh huh.  &quot;Sure, total  stranger, give us medicine, we trust you.&quot;  Puh-leeze.This book  rates only one star because it is obligatory; otherwise, such a poorly  written, poorly plotted, bloated doorstop of a book would have received a 0  from me.
I envy those of you who can put down a book when they've decided it's not worth reading.  I've never been able to do that.  Maybe it's a form of obsessive compulsive disorder but, once I start a book, I have to finish it - - no matter how tedious it is.  And, tedious does no even begin to describe how painful it was to get through this.  There is no need to repeat the negative comments already written by others, so I won't.  But, it told a story I didn't care about, lived by characters I didn't care about.  By the time I was 3/4 through the book, I honestly didn't care whether they solved the puzzle, lived, died, whatever...
Ray Atlee is a professor of law at the University of Virginia.  He's newly single, and about to find out a shocking family secret.Judge Atlee is a beloved and powerful judge, but he is sick, very sick, and it's a matter of time before he dies.  Knowing his time is coming closer to an end, the judge summons his two sons, Ray, and Forrest, the black sheep who is trying desperately to stay sober.  Wanting to settle the matter of his estate, Judge Atlee awaits the arrival of his sons, but unfortunately he dies before he sees them, leaving behind a deadly legacy.Ray, being the first to arrive, is shocked by the news of his father's death, but even more shocking is the discovery of a bag containing an obscene amount of money hidden in the house.  Keeping the money a secret from Forrest is the first of Ray's obstacles, for as he begins tracing the origin of the money he finds he is not the only person aware of it...Desperate, and on the run, Ray must find his answers, or he will die trying.`The Summons' is not a good book at all; not only is it boring, but it's confusing, and where the plot could have been suspenseful it's dry.  The story opens quickly, but takes major turns with the introduction of various characters and sub plots.  If the story stayed focused on the main plot it would have been interesting, instead it takes detours and becomes tiresome.John Grisham is a good storyteller, but where he was the king of the legal thriller he is now opting to spread his wings and lead his stories into straight fiction, and it's not working.  After a series of major bestsellers, Grisham is losing steam, and the punch of his earlier novels is lacking in his newer titles.Fans of the novels `The Firm', `The Client', and `The Partner' will highly disappointed with `The Summons'.Nick Gonnella
Hi, I'm Holden Caulfield, but I come off more like the great lost episode from the last year of Leave it to Beaver.  They cancelled my crumby show, even if it was phony, and now I'm forced to write this god*** book about the aftermath because I went from a cute kid to an ugly monster who still bats my eyes.  I have to go to school with all these people who never listen to my pesty whining, and I'm sexy even though I'm a virgin, I really am.  Of course, I would never admit that to any of those phony, crumby jocks I don't like but still force my company on and all.I get kicked out of school because I'm a rich preppy spoiled brat, and I lose all my money as I hide out in a hotel, chicken out with a hooker, and get beat up by her pimp.  Who can blame him?  I'm a total loser, I really am.From there, I call up everyone I know to hang around with me because beggars can't be choosers, and everyone gets mad at me because I'm annoying, they really do.  I can handle my liquor, I really can (I guess that makes me William Holden Caulfield.), and any girl who doesn't like me is stupid, so I feel sorry for them.  Even my little sister can't take anymore, and all I seem to do is hate everyone except little kids and dead people like my brother Wally--er, Allie.Okay, that's enough; you get the drift.  This book is so overrated, I just can't appreciate its mass appeal as classic literature.  There is no point to it at all, except for this kid to prove what a rich brat he is, whine and smart off to people he doesn't even like although he insists on hanging around with them, and brag constantly about virtues he doesn't have, making him one of the biggest hypocrites and phonies of them all.  Repetitive, whiny, and a total waste of time.  And where are his parents through the entire thing while he's out getting into trouble?  They must be the ones from the Charlie Brown specials--off to the side going "wha-wha-wha-wha-wha."  This is my first and last Salinger book.
HOW DO WE MAKE MONEY OFF OF SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING?As someone who teaches Social Media Marketing, both online and in person, the proverbial question I get from my students and consulting clients is: Jason, this is all great, but how do we really make money with social media?  There are some great real-world examples of course: Kogi BBQ (of Taco Truck fame, in LA) for instant, Woot and Dell Outlet (discount sites)... But there are many, many companies that Tweet with no purpose, or have Facebook pages that languish, not to mention blogs that no one reads or LinkedIn strategies that do little to create new sales relationships.SEVENTEEN DOLLARS LATERSo I eagerly awaited the UPS truck from Amazon.com bringing me, How to Make Money with Social Media... About seventeen dollars later, I had my book...When I opened it up, I quickly new I was in trouble.  As an author myself, I always start a book at the beginning - knowing how much effort I put into acknowledgements, prefaces, and the logical order of explaining something as complex as Social Media Marketing (Google `Jason McDonald' to find me and my free online writings, by the way).  At any rate, the authors begin their book with testimonials from companies that have super high brand recognization (e.g., Ford) and then talk about why anyone would actually read the acknowledgements, while waiting for a friend in the restroom...  We are doomed, I thought.TROUBLEAnd yes we were.  Most of the book is empty platitudes about marketing.  AIDA - Attention, Interest, Desire, Action - for instance.  Or platitudes about how we are living in the consumer era, you shouldn't blog without being committed to it, or try to measure your social media marketing through landing pages and Google Analytics.That's all well and good, but what I was looking for was novel ideas on how to make money with social media.  I knew of some great examples, such as Kogi BBQ (Google them to find them or check them out on Twitter), or retailers like REI that have amazing social media strategies...  But I wanted some in-depth case studies or tips of the trade for small businesses.These are not to be found in this book.  A general introduction to marketing is better on the theory; books like the Dummies series are better on the specifics.  And using your own head to critique the real strategies of other companies, even better.  I always teach my own Social Media Marketing students - listen, launch, participate - first.  Any number of strategies would do better than reading a book full of empty platitudes.  Alas.But authors Turner and Shah DID succeed in one thing: making money on Social Media.  I ordered the book, and books are non-returnable on Amazon.  So kudos to the authors on that count.  Someone, at least, is indeed making money with social media marketing.Myself?  I continue teaching, looking, consulting, and and learning.  I know of many great examples of how social media marketing is being used to move prospects to customers, customers to fans, and even fans to evangelists.  I have some inklings on how to use social media marketing to make money.  But it seems to be even better at relationships, conversations, and brands.I myself use SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and AdWords to get prospects; free events like webinars on the top ten free social media tools to start conversations; blogs to be visible, and Facebook / Twitter to stay connected.  But social media per se hasn't (yet) been a big money maker for me or my clients.  Perhaps it really isn't.  Perhaps it's a brand maker, or a relationship maker, and the entire question of this book is just wrong...That, my dear reader, is another story that you can get in many instances for free.  Google `social media classes,' for instance and read what shows up on page one, the Google top ten.
I HATE THIS BOOK WITH ALL MY HEART. Don't get me wrong I love reading but this book was absolutely a torture for me, in fact it is the only book I hate. I have read more than 90 books just this year and I actually had to read this for english class, otherwise I wouldn't have read it at all. I mean I just could not conect with the narrator. Just like, No! I tried but I do not get how such a human being could exist. No jokes, no love, no believe in God or anything that is not logical. I don't understand how someone can live like that. I don't recommend this book to anybody. I do not understand how it became a best seller or how people recommend it to each other, and give four stars for it. But I'm happy knowing that I discourage people to read this. I especially tell people to never read this book. But other than this book, I love any other book I have ever read. Thank you!
I don't think it was really that different from her book pertaining to infants. Honestly, I didn't learn anything new. I already knew about having a consistent schedule and bedtime routine. However, it did make me feel better to realize I'm not the only one still struggling. My daughter is 2.5 years old and I'm still up 3-4 times a night with her. Not having sleep for this long is draining after a while. I'm still searching for that perfect solution...Great book for someone that hasn't looked into helping their child sleep before...but after this long I can't imagine that is the case.  It did remind me of a few things such as the signs of a little one needing to take a nap.
I found this an unpleasant read at the best of times but once I discovered I was a) too old to get rich without enlisting the services of a much younger partner and b) too impoverished to even fall into the category of " comfortably poor" I found this book unpick-up-able. This book is the closest I have ever come to repeating my experience as a six year old eating calf's foot jelly. Over forty years later I still keep a respectful distance, due to the repulsion of the olfactory memory. But only too aware that for some it is an acquired taste and a delicacy. Dennis is definitely the reading equivalent of calf's foot jelly in my estimation, sharp, sour with a bitter unforgetable aftertaste.
Nothing is clear in this book, it is not organized and not well writing. Filled with charts that are dispersed wherever and not easy to understand.Frankly it is an advertising of the Investor Business Daily, IBD, please subscribe and you will make money, I lost my respect to Mr. O'Neils when he ended the book by the testimonials from Investors.He even wrote if you deal with a broker who didn't attend his class!! It is a worst investor.
This reads like propaganda.  The author has the annoying habit of supporting his argument with anecdotes, so every other paragraph you get cherry-picked quotes from the 18th or 19th century which "prove" the author's point (and also demonstrate how widely-read the author is).  To me this type of writing is unbearable.  You may disagree, but I would suggest that before you buy, you at least use the page-preview capability to see if this writing is for you.  For an example of fine writing see L. Ahamed.
It's as if something happened to throw Harris from his game approximately 3/4 of the way through the book. The first half was wonderful -- drew you in, kept you wondering, made you read one more page... and another... and  another... until you realized you were way overdue for whatever it is that  called you.The ending is laughable, it's so contrived and rushed. With  &quot;chapters&quot; containing only 4-5 paragraphs near the end, and such  a lack of detail (not restraint, but HOLES), I have to say I wish I'd  simply never read it, because the magic that Harris has been able to  conjure before now seems utterly ruined.
I waited several years before reading this book because I suspected it was a cheesy rip-off of the scandal surrounding the Clinton administration.  I was right.I'm not a political science major or groupie.  I vote and that's about it.  Primary Colors may be a magnificent expose' of behind the scenes politics in America, but that fact does not persuade me that this book was worth my time.  I can't think of one redeeming quality that this book could claim to have.The plot comes straight off the front page of every newspaper in the country.  References to Clinton and his entourage are not really veiled.  The morally deficient President Bill and buddies are bad enough in reality.  Mr. Klein has done no favors by copying the painting using different colors -- primary or not.  I think he has taken a bad state of affairs and capitalized on it.  Sort of like, uh, the &quot;National Flash&quot;.If you read books to get the dirt, it's for you.  If you're like me, and hope to be entertained or enlightened, veto this one.
I have many colleagues who began their careers at Procter & Gamble and I hold the company itself in high esteem, so I was very much looking forward to reading this book.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations.I think the biggest issue for me stemmed from the organization of the book.  Each chapter was organized around a different P&G; alum and the skills and experiences they felt they had gained from working from the company.  It sounds interesting in theory, but unfortunately it read like people reminiscing at the dinner table.  In other words, the stories are very unfocused at times and centered on a lot of information that quite frankly I didn't find to be very helpful.  It honestly felt like maybe they banked too much on the caliber of people they chose to feature in the book and didn't spend enough time making sure the quality of content was there.  There are some sound pieces of advice here and there but they are somewhat buried.  Also some of the experiences they share feel really dated and less relevant today.I was also not a fan of the tone of the book.  It was often lacking any sense of humility and seemed a bit too effusive in the praise of P&G; to be realistic.Overall this was just not a worthwhile business book for me.  I could see it being an interesting read for a student working on a project of P&G; but as someone looking for advice to apply to my career, I just wasn't finding it.  To me it wasn't worth spending my time reading this book when there are so many other business books that add much better insight and are written in a way that makes them enjoyable to read.
Please allow me to preface this review with the fact that I immensely enjoyed Outlander and Voyager, having re-read them several times. The Fiery Cross, however, is simply a much-too-long diary of daily life in the 1770's.  Indeed, the first 200 pages are allotted to just one day, culminating in the less-than-inspiring wedding of Brianna and Roger.  As one previous review states, the book closely resembles a Farmer's Almanac rather than a work of fiction.  There is no tangible story line with neither passion (both the physical and emotional were flat), nor action, as have occurred in her previous books in the series.  Only until page 953 (of a 979 page book) does the story become interesting with the return of Ian and his diary of a previous time traveller.  Hopefully book six will be more interesting;  I honestly believe one could skip The Fiery Cross and be up-to-date with whatever transpires in the next book.  On average, I read 3-4 books (300+ pages) per week; I began the Fiery Cross on November 9th and just now finished it today, 11/25/01.  The reason for this long duration is that I kept putting it down for lack of interest. Bottom line:  if you simply must read this book now (in lieu of waiting for the paperback edition to be published), then check it out from a library or by a used copy
I was initially impressed with this book.  Diana Gabaldon is a descriptive and detail-oriented writer, who takes the time to let the reader get to know her characters, their backgrounds, and setting she has placed them in.  In spite of some gory scenes (including a blow-by-blow decription of a flogging that goes on for ages) I was willing to keep reading because I had come to care for the characters and was interested in the plot development.Then I came to the scene of the beating.  The "hero" of the book, who up until now has shown himself to be fair, kind and understanding, and who has sworn to protect the heroine with his body and soul, beats her "to within an inch of her life" because she "disobeyed" him, and therefore must be "punished."Understandably, this is a book that takes place in 18th century Scotland, and no doubt women were probably treated like no more than property and were beaten, but this is coming from a character who we are supposed to like and sympathize with, and whom with heroine falls in love with.  Even after the main character tries to reason with him, says she is sorry, admits she was wrong, and agrees to obey him, he still sighs and remarks that they must "get on with it" - and prceeds to beat her both with a belt and with his bare fists, in order to teach her a lesson.The attitude that the author takes to this scene, which already was shocking enough in its unexpectedness and violence, is even worse.  The main character, who is presumably a modern woman - bold, confident and self-assured - acts like a petulent child the following day, sulking and muttering, while the other men in the party crack jokes about the event and comment bemusedly that maybe he was a "little too hard" on her.Instead of leaving him or at least trying to escape, or even feeling outraged at what had happened, the heroine launches into a long internal monologue where she decides that he was right after all, and that she obviously deserved it, and silly her, this is the 18th century, not the 20th, so it probably served her right.At this point I felt so sickened, shocked and betrayed that I got rid of the book immediately and will not pick it up again.As I can see from some other reviews, the two main characters continue to fall in love in spite of this wanton act of cruelty, and more extreme tortures are to follow.I simply cannot suspend my disbelief enough to sympathize with a such a character.
I read and enjoyed The Road Less Traveled, but I think Peck went off the deep end with this one.I'm assuming that this book was published before  the widespread acceptance of biological causes of mental illness, since  Peck's &quot;case studies&quot; that appear to be primarily cases of  obsessive-compulsive disorder, major depression, borderline personality  disorder or some form of psychosis, all of which are now treatable with  drugs.  (I'm betting that Haldol, Seroquel and Prozac, as well as  behavioral therapy, all have better treatment rates than exorcism).  But  even in the late 80's, these theories were gaining credence and  psychiatrists were willing to experiment with treatment options other than  the &quot;talking cure.&quot;  I find Peck's willingness to ascribe his  patients' difficulties to &quot;evil&quot; or demonic possession not only  ludicrous, but irresponsible.  I hope he didn't write that on their  charts.The case studies he cites certainly illustrate that people are  capable of evil--no secret to anyone who watches Court TV.  But Peck seems  curiously limited in his view.  For example, there's Sarah, a woman who  abuses her milquetoast husband.  Sarah is evil, Peck maintains, but he's  not really interested in how or why.  If he's explored the dynamics of the  relationship, he doesn't share it with us.  Treatment appears to be the  furthest thing from his mind.  He insists that one can't &quot;treat&quot;  evil.  All right, but how did Sarah get to be this way?  Original sin?  Youthful experimentation with a Ouija board?  Playing Dungeons &amp;  Dragons?  It's more likely that she (and her spoouse) were abused or  otherwise had traumatic events that caused them to accept their miserable  existence as the norm and their due.  But Peck doesn't deal with this  possibility at all.&quot;Charlene,&quot; the patient who attempts to  seduce Peck and (horror of horrors!) takes him away from his martinis, is  clearly a messed-up young lady.  Given her deteriorated (at times,  seemingly delusional) condition, would it not have been more responsible  for Peck to refer her to some kind of inpatient care?  Or at least, since  he had such difficulty dealing with her, find her another shrink?Most of  his other examples appear to be garden-variety abusive/dysfunctional  families.  Yes, I am aware that it is an uphill battle to get such adults  or their children into treatment.  But their illness is probably the result  of childhood abuse or other factors, not evil.  It's possible to use mental  illness to explain too much.  Some people probably are &quot;just plain  evil&quot; but they are, thank God, relatively few in number.As  another reviewer stated, this book is dangerous--more because it is the  modern version of burning epileptics at the stake as witches.  Mental  illness is biological, not moral.  I hope his patients eventually got the  treatment they so desperately needed.
If this book had been written by an unknown author, it would be lounging idly at the foot of the non-sellers list. Only the name Grisham has saved it from a fate worse than death.John Grisham started sliding after 'The Firm' and A Painted House does nothing to slow his descent. I understand his need to get away from the lawyer genre, but a slow action, poor story book is not going to help. I struggled through to the end, hoping for a glimpse of former Grisham glory, but ended up feeling like I'd eaten a plate of stale air - hungry for something more substantial.
I have read many, many of Heyer's books, and I suppose this one would be as good as others, but I don't care for books about ghosts.
Repairman Jack, in the novel I just finished, grabbed a Stephen Hunter book to read in the airport. I checked Hunter out in Amazon and bough the first four Bob Lee Swagger books. They arrived yesterday evening. I am about halfway though the first one, Point of Impact, and ran across this interesting line on page 290:...the smell of dust and gas filled his ears...Why aren't books edited anyone? This is a Bantam book, not some fly-by-night, publish-on-demand company. I can ignore the grammar errors and comma splices, but this is so bad I laughed aloud and woke my wife. I'll heal, but I won't read this in bed anymore.
I have enjoyed other Patterson books in the past but this was so poorly written that I am guessing there was a major deadline he had to meet.  There was absolutely no character development and the end was way too forced.  Do not bother reading....waste of money.
This long-winded and dull history is nothing more than an apologist's love letter to the rich and powerful. I should have stopped with the introduction which claims that the author had the full blessing of the Rothschild family and that they even approved the manuscript. Well, we won't be getting anything negative then will we? No, we won't.A true historian should be looking for the approval of no one except future generations who will look to these histories for facts about the past. After reading this incredibly detailed book I still have no idea how much power and influence the Rothschild's have today. Ferguson goes to great lengths to tell the reader that Nathan Rothschild's power and influence was not as epic as conspiracy theorists would have us believe. According to articles I have read about Nathan Rothschild, he had a significant role in the Napoleonic Wars and most especially in the Battle of Waterloo. Rothschild's couriers were famously faster at delivering news than even the King of England's and he therefore learned of Napoleon's defeat a day before the Crown. He then used this knowledge to cause a panicked sell off in the English market, buying the bonds up later at a huge discount. This was supposed to be one of the most ingenious financial moves ever made. But not so, says Ferguson. In fact, he says, the opposite is true. The Rothschild fortune was in decline at this time as most of Europe's government's were not borrowing.Ferguson also dispels many other "Rothschild myths" as though that were the point of his book. One thing he cannot deny though is that Nathan Rothschild was the richest man in Europe during his own lifetime and had more influence than most kings. Despite this Ferguson says practically nothing negative about the man. In fact, he and the other Rothschild's come off as sympathetic. Back in the early 1800s Jews in Germany were treated like black Americans during Reconstruction. They were second class citizens with limited rights. That is why Mayer Rothschild (the founder) has been regarded as an entrepreneur success story in the United States. Hollywood even made a movie about him in the '30s starring Boris Karloff.Even the Rothschild's disgusting habit of inbreeding with each other (even going so far as to have brother marry sister) is explained away as something that royals did as well before knowledge of inherited recessive genes was known. It was the family's lust for money and power that lead them in the direction and even if they had known (Darwin published about the dangers of inbreeding in the mid-late 1800s) I doubt it would have stopped them. When one of Nathan Rothschild's daughters dared to not only marry outside of her family, but also to a non-Jew, she was disinherited and never spoken to again.As Vol. 1 ends in 1840 the current influence of the Rothschild's is not covered. According to Ferguson and others, the Rothschild fortune has been inherited by so many offspring that power in the hands of any single one of them is a mere shadow of what it once was. However one cannot ignore the positions of power that Rothschild's have to this day. Evelyn Robert de Rothschild is the financial advisor of Queen Elizabeth II, for instance.The worst thing about the book however is not it's apologist's stance but it's dullness. I doubt that I have ever read a more boring book. No one character stands out as a protagonist and large parts of all of the character's lives are untouched. We learn very little about who these men really were, just how they invested. Ferguson seems obsessed with quoting from a cache of letters that he believes were a great find. They do give an indication of how the five sons of Mayer Rothschild did business with one another, but other than proving the old Mafia creed that "blood is thicker than water," they are rather insignificant. It is only when the writer gets into the revolutions of the 1840s that the book seems exciting. I won't be reading Vol. 2.
The publishers are killing the following so many great authors had, with their outlandish pricing, so I guess they might as well start writing garbage.
Sorry that I still have no idea of what the 10 essentials are after I finished it, but as a professional trader I can tell the book is too shallow to be helpful at all, despite the author's outstanding writing skill. Some may argue that I am too demanding to require a book of less than 200 content page to be compleat but I assure you the FX market is a killing field with a casualty rate of over 90% that forgives no mistake nor ignorance. Of course, if you think a lukewarm mix of Candlestick, Fibonacci, Trendline, FA and equity management is good enough, please simply neglect this review. Otherwise,..............p.s. Despite my low rating of it, below please find my favorite passages for your reference.A wise, old Indian chief was speaking with his grandson about life, telling him about the internal battle that goes on inside all people. He said, "My son, inside all of us there exists a constant battle between two wolves. One wolf is very evil. It forces you to deal with anger, envy, jealousy, sorrow, regret, greed...............The other wolf is good. It helps you to experience joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility......." The grandson thought about it for a minute and then asked his grandfather, "Which wolf wins?" The chief replied, "My son, the one you feed." pg 1"Anyone wanting to make some money today? Just watch and trade the GBP. The bulls are after a high from several years back and when they get near it and/or take it out and achieve a new high, turn to a 15 min chart and keep your eyes open for an evening star, engulfing bearish candle or tweezer tops. The second one of them appears, go short!" pg 74Just remember, nothing lasts forever....there will be signs that you will need to pay attention to....you can begin to make the necessary adjustments to either hold onto what you are about to lose or aggressively start taking advantage of getting out of the mess you are in. pg 114
This book is a disappointment. For the happy few it might be an interesting read, but for someone intereted in the general ramifications of the Greenspan era it is a huge dissappointment.The book seems to be a blow-by-blow vendetta of the author against Alan Greenspan. And while the author clearly has an authority on the whole subject, he fails to engage his reader by not clarifying the details on why he rants againts Greenspan. Sometimes too much knowledge can be a hindrance.
I have to say, I think Oprah and I have very different literary tastes.  However, I have not read many of her selections, either.I found Love in the Time of Cholera to be quite tedious to read.  I did not care for the main character, Florentino Ariza at all and felt him to be a disgusting person.  However, I stuck with it and continued, very painfully, to read this book to the end.  I was hoping that as a selection of Oprah's Book Club, that it might, in the end, have some redeeming qualities.  There were none.  It ended just as poorly as it begun, and wasn't pleasant at all along the way.
This book is complete (...). It's filled with needless buzz words, unnecessary information, and bloated text on subjects that could be explained in just a few words. My [money] went completely down the [drain] with this one, ladys and gentleman. Don't be fooled by what the other reviewers say.If you know ANYTHING about developing software...ANYTHING at all...this book is a complete waste of time. Most of the subjects discussed in this book are just plain COMMON SENSE. I can't believe anyone would actually pay to know this stuff. Only reason I bought this book in the first place is because I fell for the good reviews, etc. Don't make the same mistake I did!
I'll be frank here - I had never even heard of Anatole France before I read "The Gods Will Have Blood." Frankly, though, I don't think I was missing much. That's not to say that the novel is entirely without merit. It offers an amazingly detailed description of the French Revolution and the Reign of Terror, and the dialogue between the antireligious Brotteaux and the kindly Father Longuemare is well written and engrossing.Nevertheless, "The Gods Will Have Blood" fails in several obvious ways. The characters are static and typecast - Anatole France might as well have hung a sign on Gamelin that reads "EVIL" and be done with it. In fact, the novel is almost completely lacking in subtlety, both in terms of the plot and the characterization as well. Also, the writing style on display here is quite monotonous. The introduction claims that it is "polished perfection", but to me it seems more nondescript and generic than anything else."The Gods Will Have Blood" is, indeed, quite informative about the French Revolution. Unfortunately, historical accuracy doesn't automatically make for a great novel.
Boring!! Chock full of unfunny (but absurd) observations. The author lacks the gift of humor. An average writer at best. read Helprin, Wolfe, Vonnegut, Robbins for more entertaining insight.
A remarkably mediocre novel that I labored through waiting for something to happen.  It never did.
Mr. Abbott's writing  successfully manipulated many literati into helping him be released from prison, only to murder within a few days of release. His rationalizations are well-written, but now ring totally hollow.
Not even the excellent vocal characterizations and considerable talent of Wayne Knight can save this mediocre audio novella from crashing and burning.Being accused of double murder is the most exciting event to ever occur in the life of Martin, a 36 year old loser whose abysmal world is populated by obnoxious and unsavoury co-workers, and a harpy of a mother who appears to have a galloping case of Munchehausen by proxy.  Investigating the murders of two of Martins co-workers is Detective Ana Albada, object of Martins cerebral love affair and herself a prime candidate for Dr. Freud's couch.In MARTIN MISUNDERSTOOD, author Karen Slaughter was obviously going for sardonic humor and to be fair there are a couple of laughs to be had. Unfortunately they are few and far between and ultimately, Slaughter only manages to achieve a tale filled with pathetic, silly and completely unsympathetic characters caught in situations that are ill conceived, tasteless, and at some points downright lewd.This listener can understand why Martin is misunderstood.
This is a very profound book but I found it almost impossible to read. Lots of underlining and out-takes means the text doesn't really flow. If you love detail and have patience then you may appreciate it much more than I did.
I read other books by Alan Weiss and I find some of them interesting, MDC and Value Based Fees. This one is a hit and miss. There is useful info with regards to how to approach an economic buyer and how to upsell your services. On the other hand the carpet bombing approach alongside the demo video is a dated approach when compared to methods applied by successful international speakers like Brendon Burchard.Would I suggest buying this book? Yes if you want to integrate your knowledge in addition to the basic info provided by classic books like Speak and Grow Rich (which is very dated now). The "I know it all" tone of the author is very annoying and off-putting. I also did not enjoy the patronising approach towards the audience: the author says that all that matters is what the buyer thinks - reviews and feedback from the audience is not relevant (!).If you are looking for a more humble and modern approach I suggest purchasing Book Yourself Solid by Michael Port and Get Clients Now by Hayden and to "top up" the info with this book with regards to the relationship with the buyer and value based fees. For an innovative and modern approach check out Brendon Burchard.
This book gets two stars for being an engrossing page-turner with a surprising amount of coherence, considering the format of jumping back and forth between the past, present, and future. As others have summarized, The Time Traveler's Wife is a love story between a man who involuntarily is transported into the past and future, and the woman he loves. However, in addition to the romantic aspect, this novel raises some interesting questions regarding free will vs. predestination, actions and consequences. Henry, the Time Traveler of the title, interacts with many people from his present life (i.e. his wife, his parents, his friends, even himself), when they are younger, in many cases before they even meet Henry in real time. While this is a little hard to follow at first, Neffenegger does a nice job of tying it together quickly before it becomes too confusing.What is interesting is that during these encounters, Henry makes a conscious effort to avoid saying or doing things that would change the course of the future. But by his very presence, he of course IS changing the course of the future. One such example has Clare as a younger girl drawing a picture of Henry. She begins to sign and date it, when Henry stops her: it's not signed, he tells her, it's on the wall of our house and there's no date. But in an exercise in free will, Clare decides that she WILL sign it. When Henry returns to his present and discovers the picture unsigned still, Clare explains that she erased it shortly after their past encounter, fearing something that small and insignificant could somehow have a catastrophic effect on their future.That being said, the book has some scenes that drag on way too long (Christmas with Clare's parents, the Violent Femmes concert). The main characters are not all that likeable, and there's some really dumb, cheesy scenes (the worst is when Henry's colleagues, upon encountering two Henries for the first time, start to make jokes about Lois Lane and Clark Kent... huh?). Also, the book's denouement was disappointing: the final tragic ending - while not surprising, it's telegraphed throughout the book - ends up being a completely random, accidental occurrence. Ironic, yes, but not as fitting for a book that raises questions of actions and consequences. A more appropriate ending would have been if in his last visit with Ingrid, Henry receives his fatal blow from her instead. The final message of the book seems to veer away from the philosophical implications of time travel (a theme woven through the whole story), and instead focuses on the (in my opinion) lame notion of romantic love as mankind's highest ideal, "woman as salvation", you're destined to truly love only one person in this lifetime, etc. The very last scene with Clare having apparently pined her last 40 years away for Henry was utterly pathetic, and I found myself shedding not a tear for these star-crossed lovers. The one person I was really curious about, their child Alba, is not explained or accounted for past age 10. Is she cured? Does she die young? Where is she in the end of the book, aside from in Henry's past? Disappointing indeed.Now all that aside, I have a few specific problems with the book that I just have to get off my chest. CAUTION: SPOILERS BELOW.* Which Henry is it exactly that's waving to Clare with her dad & brother right after he gets shot, and when is that part explained?* Why doesn't Clare mention Henry's shoulder-to-crew-cut hairstyle change the morning of their wedding day, when his hairstyle is noticed & mentioned by her everywhere else?* If Clare and Henry know for a fact this disease is genetic and may be passed onto their children, how could they be so selfish and irresponsible as to try to conceive a baby who could then possibly time travel as an infant and appear anywhere else in time, helpless and naked, sure to die? (As a mother myself, this one really got to me)* Why, if Henry can disappear any moment, does Clare ever let him be alone with Alba as a toddler anywhere, even if he doesn't drive?* Why is it not explained how Henry has his feet again at 43 when he visits Clare, 82, if he lost them just after (or maybe just before) his 43rd birthday?See, it's dumb things like this that are so unimportant, but if you notice them they can stick in your craw and then it's harder to pay attention to the plot. Anyway, thanks for reading this far, and let me know if you have answers to the above questions!
audio was high quality, wish I could say the same for the story.  could not listen any more.  VERY boring!!  even on long drives.  never finished iteven "fast forward" didn't work, had to stop it.  try something else,no story here!!
Mr. Atkinson is a nice guy... but this book was rushed to market, and will be qualitatively beneath the next PHP books. As a handy paper source, it is sufficient.After flying through this book, I was comfortably writing 300  line PHP scripts to access Oracle databases and contextually format very  complicated web pages. My general happiness with life right now is probably  due more to PHP than to this book.One example of this book's problems:  function calls are sorted alphabetically. Thus, you'll get to  &quot;closedir&quot; way before you get to &quot;opendir&quot; or  &quot;readdir&quot;. Also, the function titles go like &quot;string  urlencode(string url_text)&quot; -- which means that you have to read the  SECOND word of every heading to see the (alphabetical) function name and  the FIRST word to see what the function returns. Function descriptions are  generally sorted into &quot;File&quot;, &quot;Database&quot;,  &quot;RegExp&quot; etc., which further frustrates any quick reference  attempts.The book is not in depth. If you're wondering whether you can  regexp with a variable during a directory read, you're out of luck. I found  myself wishing Larry Wall (of Perl) had written the book.The thing is, I  probably know more about PHP after one week exposure to PHP than the book  does. A good reference book is supposed to constantly refresh and enlighten  you. Lastly, keep your pen handy, because this early edition's code has  some errors that you'll want to correct on the page. The CD-ROM also has  those errors.
get strang instead which is much more intuitive and just clear.while i like aspects of the book --it's scope, using proper ideas from algebra, etc etc -- it does some really annoying things. occaisionally it interrupts the flow by making important parts of proofs excercises (excercises should be done, but this goes against the flow). The notation irritates me by over-replacing words with symbols, and there is a sort of back-referencing which makes things murky. "as we know in theorem 3.1" which you dont recognize as 3.1 even if you know it by chapter 5. I think it lacks a geometric view almost entirely (despite inclusion of sections to that end).i think it lacks intuition. Just take an example: the cayley hamilton theorem can be simply described by saying something like this: if we choose the right basis for an invertible matrix, then it's diagonal. a polynomial of this diag. matrix will satisfy it's own characteristic polynomial bc each entry is an eigenvalue.  that's the 'gist' of it, which you need before or after the details. this sort of intuition or 'big picture' thinking i find totally absent.the other bad idea for a linear algebra book (a subject for sophomores of many disciplines) is an almost complete lack of examples. I love the few examples they chose, but mostly the book is abstract.
The metaphors are too obscure, they should be used to illuminate not obfuscate.  Much of the book entails unnecessary distracting details of the physical setting and the characters.  I saw one reviewer call his prose  crystal clear- I think it's more an attempt at poetry than prose. Only  about 2% of the writing deals with description of emotion and i felt i knew  nothing more about rabbit angstrom at the beginning of the book than i did  at the end  (save the fact he was irresponsible)
I bought this for a College Class I was taking.  Cheaper than the University Bookstore, but would I recommend to a friend or read in my spare time...I think not!!!
This book should have been entitled _The Marital Intrigues of Elizabeth I_. By page count, I estimate that it is:50% about Elizabeth's potential marriages;20% about marital and sexual politics at her court;20% about Mary, Queen of Scots;10% about everything else.No doubt these are important topics, but are they *that* important? I learned virtually nothing about Elizabethan domestic politics, art, society, technology, science, warfare, religion, or home life. Reading this book, one could easily be left with the impression that the only thing Elizabeth actually did during her entire reign was dynamically and proactively not get married.If your understanding of Elizabeth would be incomplete without a detailed description of rejected suitor Charles of Anjou's pockmarks, then this is the book for you. Otherwise, skip it.
I do not know what all of the fuss is about this book. Every single page I read was an absolute yawn. I did not care what happened to any if the characters and I just did not care about any theme this book attempted to convey. For me, I got not one thing useful from reading this book. And I can usually find a little bit of a gem in everything I read. So not interested in reading Grapes of Wrath. Oh well, can't win 'em all!
I am a big fan of historical fiction and the Roman republic empire setting.  I picked up Imperium from my bookshelf and wondered why I hadn't read it.  Then I started the first few chapters and remembered.Now I remember high school Latin and how I looked forward to second year when I would get to read real historical material.  I also remember how relieved I was in semester 2 to leave Cicero and start Julius Caesar.  How could the preeminent orator of his day be so transcendingly boring.  I began to have sympathy for Catullus, the butt of Ciceros polemics.Years later I devoured The Grass Crown and the subsequent McCullough novels that brought Rome to life.  However even there I found Cicero almost intolerable, a self-righteous prig who appointed himself the conscience of the Roman Republic --and committed the ultimate sin:  he was boring.  Imperium really brings out this aspect of Cicero, he is almost intolerable.  So, after my third failed attempt to slog through this novel I will turn back to a readable author and begin the next chapter of the Saxon Chronicles, a mere thousand years later give or take.  I guess I wish that the vampire St. Germaine had confronted Cicero, but I have to remind myself that St. Germaine is fictional while Cicero is all too much an historical reality.
I did not like this book.  I found it boring and almost porographic in places.
I bought this book at the airport after carefully reading all the positive cover/interior blurb comments and the first couple of pages.  I hadn't read the author's previous books, but I know he is widely-respected, and I also loved the idea of reading a book set in places like Yemen, India, Ethiopia, etc.  And I did really like the opening section, in which the nuns board a ship from India, and their lives are forever changed.However, I had to stop reading the book after about 100 pages.  The prose is overwrought, filled with stereotypes and caricatures, and at times is close to laughable.  I am really perplexed as to why so many are giving it positive reviews.  I felt the book needed the strong hand of an editor, perhaps wielding an ax!The only reason I didn't give the book one star is because there was obviously so much research that went into the novel, and much of that is fascinating.
this book sucks.  plain and simple.  i have some respect for the author, i've used his libnet and he's a funny guy.. but this book is garbage.  the last good thing mike schiffman wrote was libnet, and after that he figured why not just take it easy and write dumb books like this for the rest of his life, be a manager @stake and get paid way more than the researchers who are doing the actual work.  he goes into stupid crap like backdoors in inetd.conf, how outdated can you get..  what is this?  incident response to that crappy phrack article he wrote years and years ago about simple unix backdoors?  hah.  the real challenge here is for a real hacker to read the whole book and maintain his sanity.
One of the tricks that Mr. Naipaul seems to employ is to explore things with such depth that any critic would either get too engrossed in his work, or simply shy away from criticism because of  the apparent depth of analysis- the latter is the case of critics who are only searching for complexity in the work, rather than the purport. But for a person who has lived in the country, was born there, Mr. Naipaul's work is the rotten fruit of his bogus analysis. Searching out every minutest filthy detail seems to be Naipaul's ("Sir Vidya's") lifelong mission. It can not be said that Naipaul writes what he sees, in contrast, he sees what he wants to write about- mostly negative aspects about a region to fulfill his clandestine goal of insulting the third world, which is as snobbish as any author can get. Such writers depend on an audience of saddistic readers, who take pleasure in other's pain. Naipaul's relentless pessimism speaks books about his lonely and shattered life. One cannot hide from himself, so it is true with Naipaul's work, where all his superficial mannerisms are stripped, and the black core is exposed, and all his bashing and snobbishness is revealed, and his brazen glorification of the West and its commerce. One of the chapters in the book deals with a slum area. Obviously, a slum is going to be dingy. But Naipaul is not content with that, or possibly even aware of it, and he is shocked to see the "horrors". So he describes in the sickest detail, including the ambient "excrement", the "malnourishment", the rats. These descriptions really do not subordinate the issues, they are just expressions of Naipaul's cruelty, because India really has much more to offer than defecation and rats. Naipaul only takes about the negative aspects. He expects everything to be varied, and when he does not, his dissappointment is expressed in phrases like "from nullity to nullity", giving an impression of a hopelessly existential curmudgeon who has no friends. Naipaul tries ferociously to make his point- he will cite the views of diverse people- psychologists, novelists, kings, ministers, playwrights. But the fact remains that Naipaul has only a superficial understanding of India. The complexity of his philosophy is simply an excuse to convince himself that he has understood India, and to stump the gulllible reader, but not the profound. Out of all objectivity, I say that India is not an "Area of Darkness", it has not broken down and has not frozen developmentally; on the contrary, it  now boasts the fourth largest economy in the world. One plausible reason for Naipaul's devotion to his false views may be that Naipaul has not written anything pronounced regarding the Western society most likely because the West is materially well-off), so he compares everything he sees to similar circumstances in the West; may be Naipaul himself is totally "westernized". One must admit though, that in some cases, Naipaul's analysis is right; for instance, in his views about karma and the harm it has done to Indian society, and his correct interpretation about Indians having no sense of history. But most of the time, Naipaul contradicts himself. The seemingly flawless man flawed! Naipaul says that Indians have no sense of race. Now, such sentences make you feel whether Naipaul views everything with the perspective of a westerner? What good has the "sense of race" done to the society? And Naipaul urges Indians to leave the past behind; he himself once said that "Islam wipes out the past... which is worst than colonialism". Again self-contradiction. Some chapters, like "the defect of vision" are worthed only for their comical values, and are otherwise bogus, an abstraction made to look like pure enlightenment. Naipaul tends to be very self-righteous. Other authors should write according to his style. Otherwise it is false. There has to be a description of the surroundings, otherwise it is false. But Naipaul is an expert in the art of obssessing his readers to his work, even when you realize the vacuity of the work. Perhaps the only real use of reading Naipaul is to laugh at his own pessimism, which moulds his negative thoughts into ludicrously abstract, and often worthless conjectures.
I would give this Sherlock Holmes story 5 stars, the low rating is due to the poor Kindle formatting. I know it is free but there are substantial passages missing... parts that are very important to the story... such as the actual legend of the Hound of the Baskerville.  If you are truly interested in reading this story, there is a version that is only $1 to download and is complete.
My husband and I read this together both of us lost interest half way through but finished hoping the ending would save it....it did not....and I usually like palahniuk a lot
Though this book is considered a classic, it hadn't made any lasting impression on me. I read it to fulfill a requirement in an English Literature class.
One of the comments on this book that is printed on the back cover goes like "The Da Vinci code for people with brains". This book is anything but. About 10% of the book is centered about a mystery code hidden in some ancient novel. The remaining 90% of the book is an endless, meandering rambling about the life and life history of four students in Princeton. Unlike the Da Vinci code, you don't get to see any puzzle at all; at various points, parts of the code are revealed and the final climax is underwhelming. Don't waste your time with this book.
Where are the heroic missions? The play by play of battles won and lost? What MR. Bergerud gives us are lessons on how to climb down a net ladder from a cruiser to a landing craft, disposal of dead bodies, transportation of men and materials. We hear more about the supply lines than about the FRONT LINES. I know more about malaria and dengue fever than a first year med student. I now know the difference between loading a supply ship the regular way and &#34;Combat Loading&#34; it. Check out this EXCITING excerpt. &#34;With the Australians moving south to flank them, GENERAL HORII ordered a retreat along the bank of the torrential Kumusi River. Hearing gunfire behind them HORII decided to risk a crossing with his aids in a canoe. All drowned.&#34; THIS is about as EXCITING as it gets. It doesn't even qualify as Comic Relief. This drivel would only interest some poor soul who served &#34;in the rear with the gear&#34;. Don't waste your time looking for HEROICS as they were forgotten.
I haven't seen one review explaining how this is going to help lower health care costs.  There's only mention of all kinds of grants, subsidies, means-test, and consumer driven methods.  How is an individual person supposed to negotiate or "get" a better rate than what a corporation can negotiate?  Doesn't make sense.  How is this going to combat overpriced drugs, hospitals, physicians, middle men?  The profit motive is still there for the insurers in any case.  Seems like a bunch of complicated mumbo jumbo that appeals to "do it yourself" and "yippie for capitalism" jingoists.  A book worth reading is A Second Opinion: Rescuing America's Health Care by Dr. Arnold Relman.  Once we stop fearing the rest of the world and drop our arrogance, that will be the day we can finally find peace.
To all of you scholars out there, or to even just the curious, read 1984 by George Orwell before you read this book (and just for kicks, read some of Plato's Republic, too) and get an eye-opener about where our society just might be heading.
Having read most of Grisham's legal thrillers, I assumed this book would be worth reading. I thought the basic idea was good - escape the consumerism and materialism and celebrate Christmas whatever way you like. Then the neighbours start piling in in a most un-Christian way, and life becomes a major hassle. The trouble was I felt no urge to continue reading, no real interest in the "plot" - if you could call it that.Then the story, such as there was of it, started to become very familiar and I realised I had seen the film! Disaster! I knew how it ended, and what the moral of the story was.I didn't find it funny, to be honest, and straight afterwards I went back to read Grisham's "A Time to Kill" to remind myself why I liked him as an author in the first place.[I had also read "A Painted House" recently, and while it was a nice study of life in rural Arkansas, it was also very slow, and the plot was "scattered". With respect, Grisham, I'd stick to the legal thrillers. Those are the ones I love.]
Like another review said, the first half of the book is excellent and classic.  However, the 2nd part of the book get's disjointed and I found it quite frankly very boring.  So enjoy the first part with Shivas and Seamus and skim the rest.peace out.
Rick Merrifield asks you to rethink the "whats" of doing business instead of the "hows" in an effort to reduce costs or increase innovation.  It is clear that many times we focus on how we are doing something (the mechanical piece) instead of what (the actual task) we are doing.  He encourages businesses to identify what is truly valuable, determine desired outcomes, and then think about how you can improve performance.You do this by determining the "whats" that are operating at peak levels which generate value and those that do not and then determine what to do about it.  In general high value "whats" contribute to overall performance and identify your company for the better in some significant way. However, he stresses that you cannot always ignore the low value "whats" such as government rules and regulations which can turn into something of high value if your company is non-compliant.Throughout the book, the author provides several examples to illustrate his point.  For instance, Burgerville paid attention to their "Manage Human Resources What" that actually cost them more money by giving cheaper health coverage to part time employees. Although this didn't reduce their costs, it achieved substantial employee satisfaction and reduced turnover.  Case studies for ING DIRECT, Eclipse and others are also presented.I think the data could have been better organized by presenting the subject matter being discussed followed by the case studies labeled by company. I would have also preceded each company section with a brief description of the positive (or negative) message being conveyed for that company.To me the book is a bit confusing.  It is a quick read but is a bit tedious to understand with all the "whats" and "hows" peppered through the text.  I also feel you don't need 212 pages to explain that instead of only evaluating the mechanics of "how" you are performing a task, remember to also look at "what" the actual task is and how it can be improved.The best example the author gives is in the introductory chapter where he mentions that a lady wanted to reduce costs associated with taking her dog to the park for a walk.  Originally she concentrated on the "how" (finding a different route to reduce gas costs); but when she still wasn't happy with the results she looked at the "what" (walk dog in park) and decided to go to an acceptable park (though not as good as the other one) closer to home which reduced her costs more.  I don't think you need a book to understand this.
I freely admit that science is not necessarily my strong suit. I have nothing against it, but I often get lost around a mental corner. I have to admit that this is what happened with this book. The author conveyed his enthusiasm for the subject and for maverick scientist Luca Turin, but to be honest, I didn't quite understand what all the enthusiasm was about, and I am not sure I liked Turin as much as the author did. I got a little tired of Turin, actually, long before the author did. The aspect of the science of scent was interesting, to a certain extent, but after a point I found myself skipping passages that seemed to go on too long and get too mired in arcane scientific specifics. Overall I don't think this is a general readership book as much as it is a text that could be useful for someone in the field.
The first 80 odd pages of the book, where Postman establishes his proposition that the mode of communication shapes what is communicated, how, to whom and the entire perception of the world, is nothing short of brilliant, his expose on the written word, compared to oral, and then the introduction of the telegraph, all ring true and I would consider irrefutable. And then the second half of the book, is where he begins to attack TV, on the grounds that the medium is corrupted, corrupted at the core from its very nature and therefore all communication through it is warped, and since we're all couch spuds, where all warped, the world is gonna blow up and crash into the sun. Now, that leap of faith on the last part may sound, a bit far fetched, but that is literally how his arguement goes. He cites, solitary examples to set precident for entire arguements, one badly mediated debate in 1984, has sent all political debate on TV to hell from now until eternity. Postman attacks Sesame Street, PBS NewsHour, NOVA, I'm sorry but I could read books at 4 years of age because of Sesame Street. I find almost all of his premises flawed, and it seems to me, the man simply hates Television, which is all fine and good, but then he tries to disguise it in some messiah trip where he's gonna save us from the remote control. Here is the second part of the book in a nutshell - You cannot stop watching TV, even if you wanted you lack the willpower. You believe everything you see on TV, not just the content, but also the presentation. Because commercials are short, your attention span is short. News presented on TV is entertainment and does not affect your life in any conceivable way. You do not care. God hates you. You suck and now you must die! TV IS SATAN'S LOVE CHILD.I will not say that TV isn't full of crap, cause it is, but postman primarily speaks to the monopolization of TV by the Big Three...now it's the big 3000 (cable, sattelite) and talk radio has resurged big time since 1984, the internet abounds, and Books still sell millions of copies!Other pet peeves with the book, any book, any reading is good - harlequin romance therefore is more educational than frontline documentaries. Radio is completely ok, nevermind, shock jocks and howard stern. Before TV everyone was a literate genius and could converse on Plato at the drop of hat. I'm sorry Mr. Postman, there were dirty graffiti in the senate bathroom of Roman Empire, Plato was a gay man who stalked little boys from town to town, Churchhill was a drunk! TV he complains panders to the most common denominator to get the most viewers...I say it's the ultimate democracy, TV is simply the mass distribution of the baseness of human nature, but for godsakes, it's human nature and it's not the device's fault. Dirty books were around and are still around.Postman, is simply a frustrated man, who sounds like the granddad who complains about kids these days. His thesis sounds more like a rant, with very little to back it up.
In my early days as a lecturer I did attempt to use Arfken but found it rather treacherous in that it wouldlead one into difficulties and strand one. Its explanations were not satisfactory, its coverage was spotty, etc.I am fascinated in reading the other reviews to find that someone actually likes it.It is mendacious if not self-contradictory to refer to it as a "comprehensive guide".My old favorite was Margenau and Murphy, which doesn't go far enough any more; but is nearly ideal for clarity.Most of my needs could be met with Jackson, or monographs on special functions etc. These days I usually useMathematics of Classical and Quantum Physics,as well as more specialised references (it's still hard to beat WatsonA Treatise On The Theory of Bessel Functionsfor Bessel functions and for many examples on the use of complex analysis. For elliptic functions,Whittaker and WatsonA Course of Modern Analysis. Fourth Editionis an excellent introduction.And any serious applied mathematician will own Abramowitz and Stegun and its successor, or even the BatemanMS Project. AndrewsSpecial Functionsis a good modern ref. for special functions,especially for q-functions."Mathematics of Classical and Quantum Physics" is not quite an undergrad text (neither is Arfken) but works wellas a source for the instructor.I suppose that I'll have to reread Arfken. Of course Arfken's co-authormight have improved it drastically
This is truly a dreadful, dreadful novel. I am aghast (but not really surprised) that some critics actually think this is one of the great books of the last century. That is a joke. This may be fare for an English grad working on his Ph.D. in "Obscure Writing in Literature" but I think the average reader of novels won't waste her time on this pretentious eyewash. In the first 30 pages of "Justine" the only action that occurs is that the characters share a tin of olives in a bookstore. So forget your plot. Poetic descriptions of Alexandria fly at the reader like snowflakes in a blizzard, one after another, each flowery and beautiful, but not building on a whole, so that the reader is overwhelmed and left with no strong feeling for the city, only vague notions. What is the benefit of that? It is the job of the writer to convey impressions, not befuddle the reader. I think Durrell is a lazy writer, billiant possibly but undisciplined. The narrator of the story (if you can call this a story) similarly drones on and on with recollections of other characters from his past but in fragments, jumping from one to another character, so that, again, no tangible or even interesting impression of a subject can be built by the reader. Reading "Justine" is like eating cotton candy: all sweet and pretty pink and airy nothingness. This is considered great writing by critics, to slog through literary muck. If you want to impress your literary buddies at the next soiree, buy and read "Justine" and then, sipping your chardonnay and nibbling on you brie, you can offer, "I'm reading The Alexandria Quartet. Lovely writing, don't you think?" But, if you want a readable, entertaining, unpretentious novel, look elsewhere.
I read a TON of business books (you can see my reviews on [...]) every year.  I don't remember how I got this on my WishList, but I went for it.  Judging by Jim's credentials, I really thought this would be a great read, full of good stuff.I hate to say it, I walked away quite disappointed. There were some kernels of good stuff and perhaps I am not savvy enough to appreciate the knowledge he dropped on us, but I didn't find this to be a smooth read, nor did I find this to be profound in the sense of "oh, awesome, I didn't think of that."Usually, I dog ear, underline, and highlight. By the time I got to the middle, I was scanning and skimming, wondering if I should just call it quits.Writing a book is really hard work and Mr. Champy is undoubtedly a super smart guy. Sometimes, however, that doesn't translate to the written word.
Okay, this edition of Finnegans Wake may not exactly be dishonest, but it is disingenuous enough to be seriously misleading. Up front they tell you that the text of the book is taken from the first edition published in May of 1939. This is true, but it doesn't tell the whole story, and most people have no idea what it really means.Finnegans Wake was originally published in 1939. The first edition was replete with errors and typos -- thousands of them. James Joyce spent the last two years of his life (he died in 1941) going through the text correcting the mistakes. An errata list comprising many single-spaced pages was printed in the back of the second edition, and the third edition had all of Joyce's corrections incorporated into the text.  So the third edition is the definitive one.But Penguin is reprinting the first edition. Get it? The text you'll be reading will have all of the typos that Joyce spent two years correcting -- uncorrected.Viking does have the third edition of Finnegans Wake in print. It's smaller, with smaller type and not nearly as pretty a cover, but it's the text that Joyce approved. I would get that one (it has a white cover with a green stripe going across the middle of it), and leave this edition alone.
When I began reading this book, I absolutely loved it.  It is a very interesting story, and has very beautiful writing.  I enjoyed it right up until the Henry met Clare for the first time.  From that point on, the story became increasingly pretentious and unbelievable.  But my biggest disappointment was the jarring language and constant sex.  Niffenegger has real talent, and it is disappointing that she wastes it turning a potentially classic book into a cheap sex novel.
Making short order of pretty much any difficultly that may arise in life, this gives 10 ideas (usually 3-4 realistic ones) on how to handle/cope/improve the situation.  The vast majority is pretty general stuff, you'd be hard pressed to find someone who thought of this book as a life-changing self-help book, for the simple fact that the points he makes are such common sense and bland that, without the gumption to research into something yourself, this book may serve little purpose.To that end, I suppose it could be a "pre-reference" book for somebody that frequently encounters issues and has no idea what to do.  That is, "Let's see, I need to spend less money, plan a vacation, spend quality time with my kids, start my own business, measure my success, and be happier at work.  I don't know how to do any of it, so I'll get 10 ideas on each of these and everything will be solved..."Yeah...that's right.  This book does all of that, and more!  It's one of those "you can know a very little about a whole lot, or a whole lot about a little."  This book does the former.If you want some profound advise, look elsewhere.  Or get this book if you consider the following profound (in a discussion of keeping healthy):"You cannot totally delegate responsibility for your own well-being.  There are plenty of experts you can consult, but at the end of the day you are the only person living in your body.  You are with yourself 24/7, so you are best qualified to know what's really needed."
When I read the promotional copy for this book I thought it would be a great tool for helping me enhance the web sites of my company and my clients.  It sounded like the perfect guide for a relatively sophisticated amateur, which is how I rate my particular set of tech skills.  The title, No Code Required, was especially alluring, as it implied that I would not need a technical IT background in order to make sense of the content.Alas and alack, I got the book only to discover that it was a collection of dry and inaccessible essays with little connection among them.  Other reviewers have generously called the prose in this book "academic."  I would go further and just call it what it is -- impenetrable unless you are a skilled IT person.
This book has delightful pen and ink drawings of cats - realistic or as cats' would look if their faces were more expressive.The haiku, on the other hand, confuses external form for the &quot;essence&quot; of haiku ... if the syllables track it must be haiku.  To fill the syllable requirements, the text employes all the cliches about cats.  Since cats (at least the ones I live with) are masters of the present moment and understatement, haiku seems a natural form for poetry &quot;written&quot; by cats.  Unfortunately, this book is not it.One entry did catch my attention, although I fear it has a misprint: &quot;Yes, actually, / I am burying a moose (sic)/ In the litter box!&quot;If you love cats, try &quot;The Fur Person&quot; instead.
I wanted to love this book. I had heard so many amazing things about the author but I really struggled to read it. I found the characters frustrating and I just couldn't get into it. I am holding onto it for another day. Who knows I might give it another chance some day.
This book is a total rip-off.  Most of us have read several or more self-help books, and sat through courses to learn good communication skills.  Even a bad book, or a bad course, usually has something new and original.  This book is nothing but common sense platitudes wrapped in jargon that makes it sound original.You've been warned.  Don't buy this book before you read all the 1-star and 2-star reviews.  It's a rip-off.
There are much better books out there.  This one tries to cover way too many topics and doesn't cover any of them well.  .NET developers need insight and depth in order to build great software.  This book won't deliver either.  2-3 pages on Generics with nothing more than a few paragraphs regurgitating the docs on using a List?  Please...There is nothing wrong with the author or the code samples.  You just won't get anything above and beyond what you get for free with the MSDN documentation and code samples.
Really wished I hadn't bought the set/program. Really wish I sat in a bookstore for 15min and I wouldn't have bought the book either. This is a tough diet!!! I'm a raw vegan, and that's a cakewalk compared  to fat flush. Consider also,,,it's low cal, low fat, high protein. Another wrapper on the same old package. I'm also diabetic and felt like I was dying after 3 days.
I tried so hard to like this book because of the great reviews; sadly this book is far from great. The pace is teeth-pullingly slow, and the writing could only appeal to a 14-year-old girl.Here is an example of what I'm talking about (around pg. 126) - I found that a lot of the dialog was too simplistic or too corny to believe:My father begins: "To family.""To Nell and Etta, who are like family, who work so hard and make our home and have somany talents," my mother says, breathless and soft."To peace and justice," says Dulcie."To family," says Etta."To beginnings " says Mark, toasting Sharon."To chance" she replies.It's my turn. I look at Henry. "To happiness. To here and now."Henry gravely replies, "To world enough and time," and my heart skips and I wonder howhe knows, but then I realize that Marvell's one of his favorite poets and he's not referring toanything but the future."To snow and Jesus and Mama and Daddy and catgut and sugar and my new red ConverseHigh Tops," says Alicia, and we all laugh."To love," says Nell, looking right at me, smiling her vast smile. "And to MortonThompson, inventor of the best eatin` turkey on the Planet Earth."Here's another example I randomly turned to (around pg. 83) - the writer's sentences are simplistic, as is the imagery:"I should have gone to see Gram and Gramps. Then I remember they're in Florida. It's 2:53 in theafternoon and stores are closing down. I buy a bottle of schnapps at Al's and stow it in myovercoat pocket. Then I hop on the El at Belmont and ride downtown. It's a gray day, andcold."Again I only got halfway through before I couldn't take any more - so at least up to the halfway point, for me, the love story was weak, the characters were not very well developed or engaging, and the writing was simply terrible.
As an author, I feel strongly that a novel has to lure the reader either by creating interesting, sympathetic characters or by sowing the seeds of an engrossing plot. Toole does neither. The narrative is bland, the characters are unappealing (especially the protagonist) and the dialogue is stilted. I confess that I gave up by page 100. I realize that this book is considered a masterpiece and I know the back story involving Toole's suicide and his mother's successful effort to get it published via Walker Percy. I've heard from others that the book is worth plodding through but I just don't have the patience to read another 100 or more pages before something happens.
Celebrated as a Western novel I find it hard to figure out what is uniquely western about it other than the fact that the author makes facile comparisons attaching labels western and eastern to them.  No the west was not without kinship and neighborhood which supposedly only the East had. Resource speculation was not a singularly western activity, and men both dragging their families from opportunity to opportunity or leaving them for extended periods to work were not merely "Western" phenomena.  Yes some of the landscape was uniquely western, Leadville, Idaho, but neither San Jose nor Santa Cruz.  And Grass Valley, well it didn't play much of a role.  There were mines all over the country, from Pennsylvania to Minnesota and there were the great bald cypress forests hewed down after the civil war.  They could easily have been the scene for Stegner's "western" novel and have all the environmental factors which made the background for the novel.  So the novel, as the author says, is really about a relationship between a husband (an inarticulate man who works with his hands) and a wife (sensitive, raised in high culture) and how their relationship works and doesn't.  The fatal flaw is her wanting to be understood and submitting to the life his occupation necessitates without really informing him that her intention is to only do it for a period of time before returning to her cultured world.In the early part of the book, Stegner beautifully captures the romance of their relationship.  But then the writing goes down hill.  I get tired of his extended descriptions with too much verbiage.  He could have often drawn a picture much more succinctly. When the daughter dies, he goes on and on before letting the reader in on the tragedy.  If I had been reading the book rather than listening to it on tape, I would have skimmed page after page.  As it was I found myself fast forwarding.Then, of course, there is the narrator---crippled and bitter.  He reminds me of the antagonist in "Lady Chatterley's Lover,"  a symbol of the damage of industrial life.  But in Stegner's case, it often seemed as if the narrator was mouthing Stegner's own bitterness about the 60s.  He rarely lets pass a nasty comment about free love or the hippies' naivet&eacute;.  His gratuitive pseudo quote from Gary Snyder and references to a proposed commune on San Juan Ridge (where Snyder settled) makes one wonder about the narrator's (Stegner's) supposed embrace of more authentic Victorian values of the narrator's grandmother, whose diaries are the heart of the novel.  I probably shouldn't read novels by other than writers like Tolstoy or Dickens.  I am too impatient and also find real life more relevant than fiction.  But since I reviewed Stegner's bioWallace Stegner and the American West. I thought I ought to try some of his fiction.  I found it limited.  I am often accused of being "so Eastern,"  which is Californians way of saying I don't adhere to a "feel good" philosophy.  Stegner would understand.Charlie Fisher, author of Dismantling Discontent: Buddha's Way Through Darwin's World
Terrible ending. It kind of just ended without resolution. The book was definitely her worst one. Don't waste your time.
Timeline is definitely not one of Crichton's best works, but it isn't horrible either.  I give brownie points to the author for trying to create a 'thriller' out of theoretical quantum mechanics, but he tried too hard to  make such a complex theory accessible to any Joe on the street .  I realize  that is what bestselling authors are supposed to do to entertain the  audience, but it lowered the rank of this book considerably in my mind.  While the medeival scenes were often engaging and enjoyable to read, the  characters of the students (Kate, Andre, and Chris) were quite annoying and  unconvincing. Their adventures were beyond far-fetched and unlikely, and  most of their exploits smacked of your typical Saturday morning cartoon  where the good guys always end up winning by some miraculous intervention.  So, although Crichton is one of my favorite authors, his attempt at quantum  time travel in this novel was fairly feeble and unpersuasive.
A very general book with anecdotes about how building the myelin sheath has improved people's performance in various areas.  But this is not an instruction manual for showing YOU how to do the same with a skill important to your life.  I'm virtually certain Martha Beck won't be able to resist creating specific life-changing tools based on the general ideas presented here.  I was hoping this was going to be that kind of book - it isn't.
This book does not really teach Linear Algebra. It's very superficial and not interesting. Try Jim Hefferon's book instead and you will have a clear text that teaches Linear Algebra for real.Anyway, there are several exercises in the book -- that is one reason to buy it, I think...
For the first 150 pages, I thought this was a useful product.  Not too deeply mathematical and clearly written.  I would have given it 4 stars.Then I noticed that it jumped from page 150 to 189.  And repeated some pages after 180 again later in the book.  Useless.
Hello.Thank you for reading my review.This book is informative and most people entering the "iron game" will find it helpful.I don't think the late, great, Mike Mentzer controlled the content of the book too much, however.Unfortunately, the author goes off on how Mr. Mentzer was black-balled because he did not participate in the scam that is and was the "mainstream" bodybuilding market.  This group recommends almost every unproven supplement, and features training articles written by genetic freaks that ingest steroids, human growth hormone, diuretics, fat burners, etc.  (Some even have column discussing drug "stacks"). With all of those drugs, an athlete can train far more frequently and longer than a drug free individual.  That is a fact.Mr. Mentzer stepped outside this groupthink and said that you don't need to train as freqeuntly or for as long as other athletes in his era were.  Mr. Little implies that this cost Mentzer the opportunity to reach the upper echelon of the sport.  He provides no evidence for this insidous charge, and then proceeds to condemn most of the other pro athletes of his generation.  Mr. Little even shows a picture of Mr. Mentzer reading a newspaper with a caption that describes how Mr. Mentzer reads to stay informed about things outside of the gym! What is that??Further, he talks about Mentzer reading Kant and Descartes.  So.  I read those books and I'm not particularly intelligent.  Helpful, interesting and even enjoyable, yes, but reading philosophy doesn't make you smarter than someone else. The not-too-subtle implication was that the other elite bodybuilders of Mentzer's era were stupid.  Are you kidding me??  During their pro careers, Arnold got his business degree and became a very successful real-estate investor, Franco Columbo became a doctor, and Serge Nubret was a successful actor in France.  (Rent or purchase Pumping Iron for more information.  Mike Katz was a school teacher and great father).Also, Mr. Little talks about Mentzer's good looks and how that was a first for a professional bodybuilder.  ???  Nubret was a legend for his appearance, and Arnold and Franco were pretty handsome, too.As for the traing information.  It's all widely already known:  You should not train longer than an hour in each session, because you cease producing growth hormone after that.  You should only work a body part no more than twice a week.  Smaller muscles require less sets that larger muscles.  Slow execution on each exercise.  Arnold, Franco, and all of the other greats trained more, but it worked!  Of course the average person can't train like a professional, but this is common sense. I can't throw a baseball for nine innings at 95+ m.p.h. like Roger Clemens, either.Avail yourself of the copious amount of information on the Internet, magazines, the library, and of course Amazon.com to assist you.  Also, ask other bodybuilders questions.  Most people are honored when someone seeks out their opinions.Thank you again for reading my review.R.I.P. Mr. Mentzer
If you like the too much alcohol too many drugs immorality of a '70's small college campus and enjoy variants of individual psychological and physical self destruction by some of the could have been richest best and brightest, you may enjoy this book. I did not. Also Tartt's prose is graceless.
This was more a book on the author's philosophy rather than a 'how to' book which I was looking for.
Frankly, I didn't know much about what I was getting when I borrowed this book from OverDrive. I went on the glowing reviews here. It sounded like a quirky book, and I typically like quirky stories.The audiobook version is not good. I will give the author some benefit of the doubt that hopefully some nuances have been lost in translation. However, what nuance can allow me to forgive this description of a sexual encounter: "At the moment, the edges of the pale-blue dress caressed my naked stomach and thighs. With the skirts of the dress spread out around her, Creta Kano, riding atop me, looked like a soft, gigantic mushroom that had silently poked its face up through the dead leaves on the ground and opened under the sheltering wings of night..." and "Her vagina felt warm and at the same time cold. It tried to envelop me, to draw me in, and at the same time to press me out."What the?First, there's the fact that fungi and bits should never mix in a sentence -- or a scene, for that matter. Just take a stroll down the aisle in your local pharmacy, and you'll find plenty of evidence to support my point. Secondly, this wasn't the only passage that had me snorting with mixed laughter and disgust at the descriptions. I am wondering if this has ever been nominated for the UK's Bad Sex In Fiction award? These passages are just bad writing. A gigantic mushroom poking up through dead leaves? Sexy. Warm but cold? Draw in but press out? What?Maybe the traditional book form was more readable. The audio just made things worse. The male narrator had several female characters, and some he produced as so shrill and obnoxious that by the time I was maybe 2/3 of the way through the book, I was answering the characters with "Yes, just shut up already" and things that really indicated it was time to hang it up and start a new book. I really tried.There's certainly a number of good reviews of the book here, so if you believe majority opinion holds significance (well, of a positive nature), then go ahead and give it a shot. But the mushroom sex description? There's just no way around that one. Good luck. If you read the book despite this review, at least think of me with fondness when you reach mushroomland and some of the other awkward passages.
First problem on the Kindle version is the table of contents - it is much less detailed than the table of contents of the print version, going down only to the chapter level. The worst thing was the index - there were neither links nor page numbers next to index entries so there was no way to get from the index to the corresponding page!I've seen Kindle books that were ported so that they could be easily navigated - in this book, which you are supposed to be able to use as a reference, navigation was at least 20 x slower than it is in a paper copy.The problems I've described existed regardless of whether I used a Kindle Touch, my pc Kindle app, or my android Kindle app.I'm going to try to return the book now.
I was hoping for an informative book that explained how to select dividend stocks.  Throughout the book, the author recommends using his website, Dividends.com. to make selections. There is a list of stocks with a history of increasing the dividends paid, but it is from 2009, not 2011.  Most of the first third of the book is common sense ways to save up money, not invest money.To be fair, there are some good pointers on when to sell.  Paul Rubillo, where were you when I bought "Amway Asia" in the 1980's ???
Interesting information regarding starches I had not heard before.Some good cooking tips such as how to make a pretty omelet.Changing the Kindle to landscape mode using smallest font allowed one of the glycemic load tables to be mostly viewed (just a bit fuzzy on the last character).The formatting is not the greatest for the Kindle or for cooking.The recipes look to be delicious, but will require trips to an Asian food market and/or a health food store as ingredients include items I do not normally carry in my cupboard such as: fish sauce, guar, xanthan, shirataki, coconut oil, peanut oil, dark sesame oil, whey, etc, etc.  If you normally prepare foods using these or similar items you may not have the immediate expense of grocery shopping I would.The recipes are such that they can be said to not trigger insulin production causing spikes and drops in blood sugar (thus broadly they are GI) but certainly not what I expected and was hoping for.  The recipes are fat-laden.  I calculated the percentage of fat for each recipe.  I found 12 with fat under 30% and 8 with fat under 40%.  The remaining recipes (although they sound tasty) will not be going onto my table due to their high-fat content.
Put together 5 or 10 past editions of this widely-used textbook, and you'll have a documentary history of Keynesian backtracking as history keeps proving Samuelson and company wrong. My favorite howler: &quot;It is a vulgar mistake to think that most people in Eastern Europe are miserable.&quot; -- Samuelson, _Economics_, the 1981 edition.Another howler: last time I checked, _Economics_ still held to the validity of the Phillips Curve -- the idea that inflation and unemployment are inversely related. Samuelson and Nordhaus evidently slept through the stagflation of the 1970s -- editions of the textbooks going into the 1990s didn't even discuss stagflation in the context of the Phillips Curve theory, much less acknowledge that the mere existence of stagflation demonstrates the absurdity of Phillips' theory.If you want to learn the reality of economics, read Henry Hazlitt's _Economics in One Lesson_, Milton Friedman's _Free to Choose_, George Gilder's _Wealth and Poverty_, and Friedrich Hayek's _Road to Serfdom_ for starters.
Several people recommended this book to me and it sat on my bedside table for a long time. I would pick it up, start reading and my mind would float elsewhere.  I tried several times to get into it, but just couldn't.  I think I may have gotten lost by the large number of different characters and places the book presented initially and, therefore, the plot could never take a firm hold in my mind. I know lots of people love it and I wish I would have liked it because the author's use of language was exceptional.
The one-line summary of this book - "think at a higher level", or, as the author would phrase it "focus on the whats instead of the hows" is an important and critical message.  Unfortunately, what follows is weak and disconnected.  For example, in the introduction the author mentions how he was part of a team that deconstructed the "whats" (what gets done, e.g. create product, generate demand, etc) to a point where they had multiple layers and hundreds of whats.  It is not until the appendix, where the top two layers are shared.The author attempts to outline a process, but falls far short.  Specific examples- Little or no help is given in determining the "whats" until the appendix.  The appendix should have been one of the first chapters.- In determining value of the "whats", the author suggests asking three questions:1. Does it directly correlate with key goals?2. Does it have a strong connection with brand or corporate identity?3. If it were to perform better, would its value increaseBut the key "what" of that chapter, "manage safety" had only an indirect correlation with key goals - it served to improve morale which improved results- In determining performance of the "whats", the author suggests asking three questions:1. How is it currently performing?2. Do we understand what causes its current performance?3. Do we understand how to improve its performance?But the first question, the key question, is ill-defined.  By what standard?  Output?  Cost?  Industry standards?  Best possible?  Meeting needs?  The question is so vague as to be useless.Before changing any major "whats" the author correctly points out that connections with other "whats" must be considered.  But there is no suggestion as to how to discover and identify the relationships.In summary, "re-think" is a great idea, but a poor book.
Okay, I won't throw it out but I'm pretty disappointed. This is like a mini-textbook, not a book for children. It doesn't do much to explain the moon phases in a fun way. No sense of awe or fun or anything but "Here, hold this orange and this flashlight like this..."
It is not very often that I will stop reading a book before the end but I made an exception with The Time Traveler's Wife. Unfortunately, I bought this one--what a waste of money! Essentially a grown man, Henry DeTamble is constantly traveling through time--there is no rhyme or reason to when or why he travels. Where he traveled to the majority of time is what made me so weary. He was constantly visiting a young girl (6 years-old) who was always eagerly awaiting this love of her life.I LOVE time travel books; the OUTLANDER series are among the best ever written but this one didn't have much of a story. I also want to point out that I am not a prude, the s*x didn't bother me; it was the reading of a l o n g story where not much happened that did.
Whant to be a better persuader, right? Want to be a presenter, uh?Ok. You can buy this book. But you'll save only 3 pages on a total of 201.Jeffrey is a master on flying around concepts... and around, and around.Some sections of the book recall past books from the author, while other sections, you can bet on it, will "inspire" additional books from him.I added a star because he is very smart.
Julie Gregory suffers from a problem common to many people who've had alot of therapy: she thinks everyone wants to hear an endless account of every problem and thought she's ever had, no matter how long-winded and repetative that account isSickened is the story of her experiences with her family and the terrible things that she went through growing up, but its also her excuse to indulge in every bit of terrible poetry, every far-fetched metaphor or simile, every winding, nauseatingly unoriginal train of thought she's ever followed, and put them all down for you to slog throughEssentially, I found this to be a compelling memoir absolutely ruined by the flat out ridiculousness of her attempts to make herself sound like some sort of philosopher or someone who experiences life more deeply than the rest of us on a daily basis. A look at her current website reveals that she has only gotten worse in this self-indulgence, not better, which steers me away from her follow up bookIf you can read infantile and ambiguous sentences such as "Then I see her almost as clearly as if I was standing on a wind-swept sea cliff, and she was looking up from the sand below. There is only one line that connects us, and it is wrapped around my waist; my hunger is tied to the most intimate, emotionally deep contact you can ever get: a mother's touch. Anything less than where she took me feels like not enough" without laughing, then this should be a real treat for you. If not, you might want to move onIn my mind, this kind of thing invariably masks either a story not worth telling or an author's deep need to come across as smarter or more important than they really are. I'm sure it must be really hard for Ms Gregory to be a member of academia while at the same time publishing books recounting how she didn't brush her teeth for weeks, or didn't graduate high school. So I understand why there might be a need for her to go a little overboard and prove what a deep thinker and super spiritual person she is. I saw the same thing once in a book by a college professor on why she became a prostitute. Endless rambling about the nature of God and the universe, lame free-verse poetry, all kinds of stuff like that, as a desperate smoke screen to keep you from seeing her as a common whore, which of course is what she was. Similarly, Julie is trying to distract from the fact that she doesn't come from the best family, has made alot of bad and embarassing decisions, etc, by emphasizing all of the unimaginable (to us mere mortals) wisdom she gained from those experiences. So don't look down on her, that's what can be read between the lines of every page here. But, while understandable, that makes for a very poor bookI think just a straight re-telling of her childhood, without artifice or pretension, would have served both her and the reader better. Maybe when she's had a few more years to come to terms with the whole thing, she'll be capable of something more along those lines. That would be a book I'd like to read
I bought this along withWords that Sell: More than 6000 Entries to Help You Promote Your Products, Services, and Ideas, and while this one is slightly better than the first, it still isn't what I expected it to be. It turns out that this is a pretty limited poor man's version of a sales thesaurus. I suppose if your primary job is something other than writing sales letters or creating brochures, this can get the juices flowing. But I write marketing copy for a living, and when I get stuck, I find better results just by asking over the cubical wall, "What's another word for ________?"
Not what I expected at all.  An interesting premise but not a believable one for me.  The ending was most unsatisfactory.
After having read The Rebel Angels and What's Bred In The Bone, and enjoying both of them immensely, I was terribly disappointed in this final book in what finally wound up being the Cornish Trilogy.  The pomposity  that Davies had always managed to keep in check before finally runs riot,  as his barely diguised contempt for his readers' intelligence is clearly  displayed.Watch all the characters that you had grown to know and love  from the earlier two novels degenerate into mere caricatures.  Be angry at  the editor who convinced Davies to churn out a third book about these  people, so that the publisher could market the group as a TRILOGY.  Be  sorry you wasted the money and the time on this book.
I believe Crichton suffers from his own success.  This book reads like it was put to print when it became &quot;good enough&quot;.  The foreshadowing is blatant, the plot mechanisms are cliche.  He even makes a huge obvious mistake - the characters are using earpieces to communicate, which also translate language into common-era English on the fly; the thing is, for a good portion of the second half of the book, the characters have turned off all their earpieces, but can STILL understand what the locals are saying, when just 12 hours ago, they could understand nothing without the earpieces!  There are other smaller time inconsistancies.  This is just sloppy, and I think a lot of popular authors let their quality drop like this when they're pumping out a book or more a year.Despite all of this, the book was still enjoyable, and that's what saved its rating.  Crichton at least understands reader attention span and interest.
I am reading a couple of business books from FT Press (Financial Times) and most of books are worthless, why does a reputed organization publish books like this ?Anyway, coming to this book - this book goes on with stories and illustrations of various kinds, highlights several examples where people in organizations carry bad attitudes.  An example is about 2 GE executives who arrive on an aircraft and how the senior guy make the junior guy sit in the cab for a long drive so that the cab would drop the senior exec first before dropping off the junior guy.  Hmm - such examples serve the purpose of a story, but do nothing good to improve a person - first of all - we do not know what really transpired, maybe the junior guy was interested in having a conversation with the senior guy, maybe he wanted to please the senior guy.Overall - these should be free to read blog articles and not books and at $24.99 - it is way too overpriced for the quality of the material
The book started off slow but built up into an excellent historical romance - until you got to the rape scene of the main male character - Jamie. It was a very explicit, detailed rape that the author seems to take pleasure in writing (an ex named Jamie perhaps?) This sadistic rape leaves Jamie damaged until a random violent scene between Jamie and Claire (the heroine) that ends with him almost raping her and which magically cures him.It was vile. I am by no means a prude - I love romantic fiction in all its aspects, (Read Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Blake series) but these scenes were extremely disturbing, especially in light of the way they were written and the way this series is presented (a historical romance).I will not be continuing with this series or with this author. I don't need to learn of the creative ways that people can hurt others sexually.
I bought it cause of the high ratings from others.This is not the kind of Yoga instruction I expected or wanted. Not to say it won't work. I can't say cause I didn't try many of the positions.I was looking for more of a program to yoga study and positions.The illustrations were hand drawn and difficult to figure out. May be ok for some, not for me.If you want proper alignment of spine without all the stretches this could be a good book to use, otherwise there are really no tradition poses that I will continue using.Also the author is boring , repeats himself , and is written in terrible form.
I'm at p.93, and already I don't care to go any further. It's not a bad book, it's just that the plot -- is there a plot? -- goes nowhere, and the main character Claire is fake and bloodless.I don't know... if I was Claire and suddenly transported to another century, away from my doting husband and the life I've know and thought OK, I'd be VERY concerned in how to get back. But Claire doesn't. To her, it's like, "Oh, I'm in a new century, oh that poor Jamie, if he doesn't get that shoulder taken care of, it'll be the end of the world."  He's a questionable stranger, for cryin' out loud, don't you want to get back to YOUR world??? Even for time travel, this doesn't seem realistic.The author uses active verbs to flavor her sentences, nice descriptions and such, but the beginning  pokes about too much. There's also not much tension or drama. I really don't know what Claire wants; she's just along for the ride.Readers must care and root for the characters, particularly the hero/heroine. If the care isn't there, we close the book and go on to the next one.
I mistakenly ordered this item for a friend, thinking that it was a book for recording the special events of the new born baby. When it arrived I realized I had not checked it out on-line as well as I should and had to go elsewhere to find what I was originally looking for.  This book is highly color illustrated and would undoubtedly be very enjoyable for some adopted children.  My rating is more a reflection of my own disappointment in the item because I was to quick to order what I thought was something else, rather than anything wrong with the book itself.
I thought the movie Children of Men was interesting so I picked up the book which, like the movie, describes a world moving into apocalypse due to 25 years of the inability to procreate. Many descriptions of events in the book are vivid and full of detail, yet many of them do not relate to the overall theme or later events in the book which left me wondering why they were included at all? The beginning and ending of the book are very interesting but the middle did bore me. The book and movie both have good qualities but I think the movie would have been better if it had stayed true to the book. They had an opportunity to fix the books pacing issue but, instead, they omitted scenes from the book that I thought were critical and introduced additional social issue story lines that had little or no purpose.
I had high expectations for this book, but was disappointed in the end. By page 150 I was still waiting for the story to get started. It was so frustrating to read through all the gory details of the C-section and the subsequent surgeries. The lack of common sense on the part of the characters was unbelievable. These are professional doctors and nurses who are making such short-sighted life and death decisions.Save your time and money on this one!
The writing in this book seems to drag on and on. It is hard to focus while reading this, even for a Psych major. It needs more relevant examples and more updated things (even if the copyright is 2010)!
This book is next to useless in helping students to understand fallacies and identify them.  It is probably the poorest instructional material I have encountered in all of my years in college. Humor was incorporated into this text in an effort to help students better understand the material, however, that effort is a big failure when it comes to this student, and probably also for many others.Instead of helping, the humor detracts from the instructional value of the material and distracts the student rather than helping him or her to comprehend. Chapters 4, 5 and 6 deal with rhetoric and fallacies, however, I have found those three chapters to be the most incomprehensible and unhelpful chapters in the entire book.  I am glad I got a used copy of this book... it is certainly NOT worth the price tag placed on a new copy.
This is an odd sort of book. There are 8 chapters, but the first 6 chapters cover only 50 pages (out of 200 pages). These 6 chapters are a tutorial on ETFs that is pretty good for beginners. The last 2 chapters of the book (150 pages) seems like a loosely organized set of interviews with various money managers who use ETFs in their work. There is some good information in there, but the writing style makes it very hard to learn from. This book could be improved a lot by distilling and organizing this material to make it easier to follow.
Possibly, my expectations were too high. Lots of friends recommended the book in enthusiastic terms: I quite liked it, it's nice, it's pleasant, it's really interesting but I hoped for more. It certainly is a very curious booklet (pun intended)
The reviews looked so promising, but I just could not get in to this book at all.  I checked out the audio version from my library, and perhaps it is better on paper, but I doubt it.  I have made it through the first hour of the book, and it is terrible and I will not continue. The story seems somewhat intersting, but it does NOT make Sense!  It goes back and forth from Celias perspective, to Bryany (may have mispelled that).  And I just cant figure out exactly what the crap is going on. The images I am able to conture in my mind of what might be going on are just so fuzzy, and dreamlike.  I just cant relate to this story.  I keep listening to it thinking why dont they just "SAY" what is happening, the way the author describes things is very poor.
Was recommended by WEB in the letter so sight unseen I purchased it.......Maybe you will like it better than me but please review a library copy first. Wish I had. Witness:*the book uses the phrase "Rittenhouse Rankings" as a club to bludgeon the reader endlessly. It appears on virtually every page, often multiple times on a page, to the point where you just want to scream!*you know you are in trouble when an author quotes  her own conversation with someone else in a book*I couldn't help but wonder if this author was aware of 'conference calls'. I mean, I'll read shareholder letters if available (vast majority aren't as companies have gone to 10K wraps instead) but don't study them too closely (though I'm simple and stick with simple stuff) and prefer the calls and presentations in part cause if you don't get the culture and presentation from your research you aren't going to get it from a letter - people aren't WEB. This book would have made a lot more sense in 1993 - not so much 2013.*On a practical basis, none of this stuff is particularly helpful if you don't already have a framework for evaluating companies and picking stocks.  None of what she talks about here is closely correlated with actually picking winning stocks or avoiding bad ones.  I mean, sure, everyone wants good management but should we really spend time picking apart an Enron letter when the cash flow statement is a mass of delusion?  Tell me the option policy, tell me the capital allocation policy, tell me how stores they want to open and whether they pay dividends and what price they buy shares and how much they pay the CEO and where margins are and what's the story and all the things that make an investment analysis possible.  I don't need to "decode" anything mysterious - just look at the financials.  That gets completely lost in this set piece for her business.Let's repeat that - in the end, this book is a gigantic sales pitch for RR, for RR, for RR, for RR, and for RR.Course, all this said, the author is pretty clear on her intentions:the target includes1) CEO and BODs,2) ordinary investors like her 'mom' (her words), and3) business students and professional long-term investors who study company fundamentals.She's obviously selling a "product" (hence the branding attempt) to the first group (consulting firms do that), the 2nd won't benefit one iota (get a simple statement analysis book first), and the 3rd group won't learn anything meaningful.This sums up the book for me:"A second audience includes individual investors like my mother, who was blessed with smarts and common sense, but had no business training. Mom lacked the confidence to analyze the information in a shareholder letter. As a shareholder in a number of companies, she ignored the annual reports that arrived in the mail. But after learning the clues to detect candor in corporate communications, Mom could pick out key words with her red pen. She began to see which CEOs deserved her trust and capital and which did not."There you go - a set a of key words to underline with a red pen leads to fantastic investment profits.  You heard it in this book first.I gave my copy away.
good book, but this digital format is messed up. whoever converted this from the gutenberg project version didn't do it right.
I agree with the most critical review. I always finish a book that has been recommended as good literature. For starters, the film is to be recommended because it takes less than a few hours to watch. This book needs some editing. The novel reminds me of art that some artist has poured paint cans on a canvas, and askes the "work" to be reviewed by some of us who have the effrontery to say "it looks like someone dumped cans of paint on a canvas".The narrative seemed to lack connectively. Where was the plot? Who were the characters? I read "One flew over a Cukoo Nest". I didn't think it was better than Treasure Island, but it was readable, understandable, and I felt it  had a few more words than necesary. I get the impression, that some writers are like some people, they like to hear the sound of their keys.
If I could read it, it would be great! I had to remove it from my kindle, as it locks up the kindle every time I try to open it.
Covers a number of topics in one or two paragraph bites. Doesn't really go over many useful concepts. Reads like a promotional flier for something that would offer more in-depth work. Can't really recommend this even as a refresher.
Was hoping for a romantic time travel story.  Plenty of time travel but no romance.  The characters had no depth and the writing did not convey any passion between these two.  The underdeveloped characters are the fatal flaw in what otherwise may have been a great book.
I have no idea how this book got such rave reviews. My only guess is people figured that since it's so long and boring it simply MUST be a masterpiece. Or perhaps since they wasted their time and money on this snorefest they wanted to make sure they weren't alone - misery loves company. I suffered through over 100 pages and still had absolutely no desire to find out 'what happens next'. The characters are like robots the author tries desperately to breath life into with  a massive amount of words. All in all, SLOW....BORING...YAWN....SNORE....DROOL.
I suppose this is a good book for would-be day-traders if and only if we knew that the market were about to enter another period like that of 1995-1999. I have the disadvantage of having been at this business since 1983.The information presented about time-of-day is not universal across all market phases, other than it is true the first and last hour see the most volume and often the most volatility.The concept that the highest volatility is the best time to trade is based in ignorance. The greatest volatility we have seen in the history of the US equity markets was 1987. Unless you were short (or flat) by the end of the day on Oct 16th, you were broke, dead broke, and you should have been short a couple of days before that. That just wasn't going to happen using these techniques.The author's view of technical analysis is very narrow. What is pathetic is that he seems to believe he has great technical depth. It is also very dangerous for the reader.Yes, I see all the other rave reviews. It will be interesting to see how well all like the techniques after a secular bear market, which will happen again. I'll be surprised if any of the raves are still trading, and, if the author continues to trade as described (which I suspect he is not even at this writing), I expect he will be broke. These methods are not new, and have not withstood the test of time.
Jack Abbott was a good writer whose flair for strong wording brought him to the attention of Norman Mailer and others. They got him out of prison because of the attention they gave him. But Abbott killed again after he got out of prison, and the state of New York put him back. He died from hanging in his cell--shoelaces and bedsheets it was. Whether he did it or the guards did it, no one knows for sure, but it was ruled a suicide. Abbott's consuming anger makes this book a hard read. I bought it, but that didn't mean I had to finish it. I didn't.
I am angry because the reviews for this deal of the day book were strongly favorable for what turned out to be a pointless and tedious story. I read it through to the end (shame on me), hoping there might be an unexpected turn to redeem the wasted time. Not so; it seems to simply end. The characters smoke a lot, drink often, and ruminate endlessly, while attempting to justify their infidelities. Notions about superstitious omens, about British class distinctions, and about the best places to have trysts provide mild relief of tedium for the reader.
"The Pearl" was the first book by Steinbeck that I ever read. It was in school (for school, because I don't think I would have thought to read it otherwise), back in middle school. When I think back on it, the most interesting thing from that quarter was sitting with a friend and mocking "The Pearl" to no end, and finally writing a very long essay about the many flaws this book has. The next year, when forced to read "Of Mice and Men", I nearly didn't make it, for fear that it would be as awful as this experience. Thankfully, it wasn't, and I was able to get over my "anti-Steinbeck" frame of mind, and continued to read his other superb works. But this? This is what I call "wannabe good". Steinbeck may have the talent (not "may; he DOES), but this book was a disgusting waste of time and a horrible read.Besides the fact that it's ridiculously boring, "The Pearl" has a very flimsy plotline and the main character is quite awful. Kino is beyond stupid and naive, sometimes cruel, and very foolish. He tries to deal with his luck (or problem) the same stupid way throughout the entire book. He hits his wife, but she, just as stupidly, stays with him, resulting in the death of their son. For Kino, the concept of "let it go" does not exist. He's a very frustrating main character, but unfortunately, he's also very dull.The thing about this is that it's impossible to connect to the story or to the characters. UNLIKE "Of Mice and Men" where the ending was touching and sad, the depressing ending here made me (and my whole class) go, HA. Because we hated Kino so much, it made us feel smug that he got what he deserved. At the end of "Of Mice and Men", I cried. At the end of "The Pearl", I thanked Steinbeck for not making this awful book go on.Perhaps Steinbeck was hoping for a meaningful story about poverty, class changes, and the awful calamities that result from wealth, but he only wrote a boring story with an extremely flawed, obnoxious main character that is impossible to connect to. I normally seek stories with troubled main characters, but this was just painful. It's a waste of time that kills Steinbeck for you. Steinbeck is a superb writer, but this is one of the worst books I've ever read! If you want short Steinbeck, go for the incredible "Of Mice and Men"!Some people say that it's a matter of the age in which people read "The Pearl". That's not true. I've tried to reread it, but, as I've already said, it's painfully boring. It's a WASTE OF TIME. Kino is a stupid man, Juana is a foolish woman, and Coyotito ends up dead because of his father's idiotic behavior. Kino doesn't actually care what happens to his family at some point and is just another greedy, paranoid man. It's not well written, it's not interesting, and it's very boring.For any Steinbeck, go for "East of Eden" (now, THERE'S a superb book!) or "Of Mice and Men" (if you're looking for something short). This will discourage you from reading his writing ever again because it is so awful. I urge you to push this out of your mind and find another book to read, because this is just a disgusting waste of time!
As an insomniac, I purchased this book desperately looking for help and answers. Luckily I bought it along with two other books, which I would recommend a lot more, "Zen Sleep: Enlightenment for a good night's rest" and "No more sleepless nights." These books did give me a lot to work with regarding my insomnia, which is primarily mental. They discuss how a good night's sleep isn't actually necessary to live well and be successful (which paradoxically mollified my sleep struggle by taking it off its pedestal). Many people, like Albert Einstein, slept poorly and infrequently and still accomplished amazing things. It's not about sleep but how we perceive it and insist on controlling it time after time.On the other hand, this absurdly pathologizing book takes a totally medical model stance and goes into detail about the consequences of not sleeping well and how the body doesn't adapt to poor sleep, which just made me worry more. If a busy mind keeps you up at night, this book is not for you. It just gives general common sense advice about not having caffeine, keeping a silent and dark room to sleep in and blah blah. Any google search on what's needed for good sleep replaces the need for this book.I would recommend this book, possibly, to people who have insomnia for other reasons than a busy, agitated mind on over-drive. Maybe it can help with other sleep issues like sleep apnea, which less people have. It's just super medical and focuses on how baleful not sleeping enough can be which accomplishes generating fear and more of the same worrying and rumination without providing an creative tools or remedies.
It was a good story but a little hard to follow story line while reading. I am new to this author but I am open to trying another book by him.
This book claims to be an introduction to fluids.  If so, it is the worst introduction I have seen.  While other books are trying to get the student to understand what viscosity is or how to calculate presure with depth in a fluid, this book is literally teaching Eigenvectors of a Symmetric Tensor.  This book may have a place but it is not as an introductory text.  If you want a good introductory text, buy Frank White's book.
The essential message is: Hey, your career isn't really yours. So make the best of it and be glad that you have any sort of job at all! Clearly, given the current poor economy, this book was ahead of its time.One day my supervisor dropped this book on my desk without any explanation. As far as I could discern, the book tries to put a positive spin on whatever unpleasant thing is about to or has just happened to your job/career. Unless you find the metaphor of being compared to a rodent in a maze complimentary, you may find the tone a wee bit condecending. If you don't define yourself as a behaviorist drone in easily manipulated, lower-order mammalian experiment, you might steer clear.Perhaps the condescending tone would be fine in a book that readers seek themselves. But I suspect the publication finds its popularity by selling itself to managers who are too uncomfortable themselves with working though change to do anything more than drop this on an employee's desk right before some bad news is delivered. Take my word for it, managers -- the bad news is enough; please keep this book to yourself.
...&#34;consists of getting rich and powerful... and bagging as many women as I can before Viagra stops working for me.&#34; I figure I am at about 7,000 if you count all holes.I have not done Hillary in 45 years. Can you blame me? It's not a HARD CHOICE.P.S. Buy Hillary's new book. It's full of lies but we are dead broke and need the money. (Nowadays I have to pay for the young stufft).
Let me just start off by saying that I enjoy Ray Bradbury's works immensely.&quot;The Illustrated Man&quot; has to be one of my all time favorites.  The book was a collection of short stories contained within a story.  The short stories where chilling, thought provoking, humorous, and sad.  The stories had a beginning, middle and an end.Well Ray,  this ain't no Illustrated Man.When I picked this book up,  I was excited about the new places that Ray would be taking me.Time Travel?  I'm there.Ghosts?  Well boo me baby!What did I get?  Alot of disappointment.What is disappointing about &quot;One More For The Road&quot;?Well, for starter, the stories have no real ending, or the ending that Mr. Bradbury had chosen has nothing to do with the situation at hand, or perhaps the endings have deeper meanings in relation to the story, where we the reader have to think about how they relate to the rest of the story.  Regardless, its more work than I wanted to be satisfied with the story.  Mind you not all the stories are like this.  For example &quot;My Son, Max&quot; was well done as a lip reader uncovers some dirty laundry from a family of three at a restaurant.  The stories ending didn't leave me scratching my head at the end, and was quite poignant.&quot;Leftovers&quot; on the other hand, was a stretch and I had to re-read the ending and the last 3 pages to see if perhaps I had missed something in the story to tie the ending with what was going on in the tale.I'm not sure if &quot;One More For The Road&quot; is the last book for Bradbury.  I certainly hope not.  Ray Bradbury is a deeply talented author.  As for this compilation.  Alot of misses and a few hits.
This was a major project by two friends since the age of eight after they graduated from separate Ivy League Universities who spent six years creating this volume and a game corresponding to the intrigues and actions as exhibited in this work of fiction.  Started as a thesis by Ian Caldwell at Princeton which sprang from a research paper suggested by his teacher, Anthony Grafton, about HYPNERATOMACHIA POLIPHILLI,(which meant "Poliphila's Struggle for Love In a Dream") written 500 years ago by a fourteen year old Francesco Colonna about a world of erudition, unnatural sexual practices, and terrible violence.  They even alluded to Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN written at the early age of nineteen.This ancient book was translated by Joscelyn Godwin and published in 1999.  Supposedly based on a true occurrence in 1497 Rome concerning a mysterious coded manuscript of an obscure Renaissance text.  A letter from a nobleman at the Vatican sealed four times with a dark wax made of a poisonous herb, nightshade, was dispatched to a church named San Lorenza.  Upon arrival, it was determined that the two messengers had opened and read the message (then resealed it) and were beheaded by a mason.This reads like something out of the movie 'National Treasure' with a hidden crypt holding the secret for which these men were killed.  Their heads in a baker's oven supplied stories passed down through generations.  Thus the mystery and suspense as to what that letter meant.Using a book HIEROGLYPHICA from the 1420s Italy by Horapollo, using symbols of animals to encrypt other manuscripts, some strange looking sketches and a map of Ancient Rome which had a stadium on every corner, eight along a single line labeled Ancient Roman Mile, it reminded me of Chicago's Golden Mile along Lake Michigan.This is a convoluted experiment understood only by the intelligent members of today's PhiBetaKappas at Harvard or Princeton.  A major project by these two scholars, I'm sure they had satisfaction with the result.  You can find the official game at [...]  I wonder how many of today's computer generation brought up with Nintendo and GameBoys could figure out the riddles and mazes to discover what this thing is all about. Or even if it is worth it.  My eldest son played a game similar to this with a friend of his in high school many years ago.
Good steampunk is hard to find. A series that manages to deftly explain the nature of its steampunk development is almost unheard of, but with his Sir Richard Francis Burton & Algernon Swinburne series, Mark Hodder has built an alternate history that not only entertains but also makes sense. That's a rare accomplishment.Which is what makes this series so maddening, with each book losing more and more steam (*ahem*) from the knockout debut._The Secret of Abdu El Yezdi_, the fourth B&S; adventure, picks up after the mysterious "mirror" ending of _Expedition to the Mountains of the Moon_. Burton leaves Africa under an ominous cloud of an atypical and globe-spanning aurora in the sky. One of his trusted party has been murdered aboard their airship, and Burton himself is spent after his Nile success. He returns home with an uneasy feeling, and readers begin to understand that the Burton we see here is not the Burton of the previous three books in the series. Even Burton himself realizes something has changed, and he is somehow seeing through different eyes. Some ultradimensional entity begins speaking through mediums. Or is it two different entities? And why are they manipulating governments and the fate of the world? What unfolds in the book is an alternate reality to the one we have come to know in the series, and there is nothing presented that reassures readers that their experience in those first three books will continue.Given that Hodder may have envisioned a trilogy only, this fourth book reboot into an alternate world filled with the same characters we grew to admire, only different, is at once both inevitable and frustrating. While it may allow the series to progress, it's not exactly the same series.And it's not the same series in other ways. We get a gothic vampire story mashed up with spiritualism and a eugenics experiment gone awry, and it takes half the book to get to those story lines. There's also a mystery man, Abdu El Yezdi, whose identity isn't all that mysterious to anyone who has read even one of the B&S; books. While Hodder does another commendable job with historical events and personages, weaving them believably into his alt-history, everything that made his first two book exciting is traded for a feeling of unease that isn't big enough to carry a novel. Less is not always more; sometimes, it's just less.PROS:* Favorite characters return, as do a few more historical figures, such as Lewis Carroll and Bram Stoker.* With this book, Hodder turns the series in a more psychological direction by masterfully building a sense of growing unease within the mind of Burton.* Rebooting a series is difficult, but within the world created within the B&S; books, Hodder had all the materials already in place for a believable relaunch.* Many of Hodder's writing excesses have been toned down, and this book feels more mature in its style, resorting less to tricks and weirdness for weirdness's sake.* As with the previous books, this is a fine example of a trade paperback, with intriguing cover artwork, nice layout and design, and interesting tidbits in the appendix.CONS:* The novel unfolds so glacially that almost nothing happens of merit in the story until halfway through. Despite some maturity positives in Hodder's writing style, his pacing is again terrible.* This novel reads like a rest stop between departure and arrival locations. Maybe that's the nature of a reboot, but it's still underwhelming.* Swinburne does not show up until halfway through, and he still feels underwritten by book's end. This is a Burton book more than a Burton & Swinburne.* The split nature of the storylines, with the homage to Bram Stoker dominating the middle of the book, means the ending feels rushed and weak. This book peters out, and the final showdown with the big, bad, evil guy just happens and then...poof.* Readers will be left with the nagging feeling that something was missing from _The Secret of Abdu El Yezdi_, a spark of vitality that points toward a positive, fulfilling direction for the series rather than a negative, "meh" one.Author Mark Hodder MUST deliver a blockbuster in the next book in the series. Must. Great world, fine characters, and a niche in the writing world that needed filling, but all the stops must come out for Book Five. I've been saying this about the series since the second book, which I thought was a comedown from the first, and the series has somehow limped along. But the limping needs to stop.
I bought this book after reading, A Paris Wife, which I truly enjoyed.  I thought this would have more of hisfamily life along with his travels, but I found it to be more of a drinking book with not much substance.I was disappointed and sorry I spent the money for it since it isn't available as an e book and  it wasn't longenough.  I struggled to finish it, and as an avid reader that doesn't happen very often.Barbara Ryan
I cannot find the courage toexpress my true feelings aboutthis... uhm..... book.Squiggles
I rarely write reviews, but because I was duped by the reviews on Amazon into buying this book, I thought I would save other unsuspecting buyers the trouble and boredom of slogging through this poorly written mess. I buy many books on Amazon based on customer recommendations and am always pleased, but this book is the exception. It's simply awful; the story is cliched, the writing is juvenile, and I kept waiting for that moment when the book "gets good" (it never arrived). Go read T. Greenwood, Mary Carr or Dani Shapiro if you are interested in stories about women finding themselves; all three write in a simple, poetic manner that Picoult simply doesn't have the natural instinct for.
As a hobby, I follow the creation/evolution controversy. I read as many books as I can, from both sides. Having missed the media frenzy when Plimer's book first came out, I only just got around to reading it. Frankly, it is possibly the worst response to creationists, and definately the worst book on science I have ever had the misfortune of reading.Plimer makes many, fundamental scientific errors, such as that sulfer is solid below 444 degrees C (p. 21), when this is actually the boiling point; that nuclear reactors are powered by alpha-decay through uranium 238 (p. 25) when nuclear reactors is actually fission of uranium 235 or plutonium 239; that the sun functions through the same process (alpha fusion) when it fuctions through fusion of hydrogen; that no item in science or technology has been developed by creationists (p. 12) when self-admitted creationist Dr. Raymond Damadian was the scientist who developed the MRI, Sir Ambrose Fleming developed the thermionic valve that enabled radio broadcasts to be made, Forrest M. Mims III developed am atmospheric haze sensor that even Scientific American itself admitted "could revolutionize this important field of study."Plimer also claimed that Pi is 3.14159 (p. 18) when this is still an approximation; that camels hooves are not cloven (p. 17) when there is actually a pad between the hooves, meaning that the hoof is not completely divied; and manages to get racemisation backwards (p. 29-30). These mistakes could literally be multiplied by the hundreds. But my all-time favorite blunder continues to be when Plimer stated categorically that the english alphabet contains 23 letters (p. 224). Which three has Plimer decided not to use? And if you think that could just be a typo or fluke mistake, he repeats the same thing (emphasis, you know) in the very next line!Plimer also commits libel against the Creation Science Foundation (now Answers in Genesis), fabricating articles and papers which do not exist to smear AiG, calling creation science a "cult", despite the fact that leading authorities on cultic activity called the claim misleading and without theological, psychological, or sociological support. Plimer has also made other false claims we won't address.The book is replete with errors, false documentation, harsh language (i.e. creationism is a "bull**** reinforcer," p. xiv; creationism is a "cult," etc.) far beyond any creationist has ever said about evolutionists, false claims (i.e. CSF has deliberately lied, deceived, and fuctions through financial impropriety), and inuendo. As a further death mark, the book contains no index.Ultimately, this book, with its many errors, scientific and otherwise, can ironically be called a work of "pseudo-science" itself, a label Plimer pins on creationists.
The story starts out very interesting.  A 15 year old with some form of autism is trying to figure out who killed his neighbors dog.  It is written from the perspective of the child with autism and while this is what makes the book unique, it also becomes somewhat of a tedious book to read.  The mystery of the book runs out about 1/2 way through and there just isn't enough of a plot to make up for what occurs after that point.  I have a nephew who has some of the same problems and when the main characted is acting out in certain ways I can very much see my nephew in that.  The novelty of this point of view wears of quickly for me and that along with about 20% of the book just being random facts mentioned by the main character make this a forgettable book.
How this is such a bestseller is beyond me.  I was certainly not inspired by it in any way.  I kept reading hoping to find the reason it has affected so many people - my daughter even had to read it as a requirement in a college course.  After reading it I felt like I had been lectured in a very demeaning manner.  Not on my best-seller list!
The only thing I'm disappointed with is that I couldn't give this book a negative rating; this has got to be the WORST book I've ever read. Skip any superficial observation about the material - Harris was plainly writing a treatment for a screenplay, and fell prey to narcolepsy after the introduction. The reader should be so lucky - gone are little bonuses like internal dialog, character development or believable plot, and left in place is the most juvenile, amateurish parody of Harris' own writing.Read Red Dragon again, and steal a copy of the movie when it comes out on video cassette - don't waste any money encouraging this type of Hollywood-fueled minimal effort.
I was so disappointed in You Don't Know Me. I think the basic story was good, but the author's technique of describing action over the course of several pages and then telling you none of it actually happened grew extremely tedious. Once or twice within the novel would be fine, but it was used over and over. Also, after the twentieth time I read about "the man who isn't my father" and the "house that isn't a house" with the "room that isn't a room" I wanted to throw the book at the wall and shout, "We get it already!" I was forced to skip through paragraphs and I hate to do that. I think the author was capable of letting us get inside the main character's head without repeatedly resorting to tedious gimmicks. I would not recommend this particular novel written by Mr. Klass.
You could read this book in the time it takes you to eat your lunch, and still have time left over for that second cup of coffee.  Simplistic, you say?  That would be an understatement.  This is more like a Grimm's fairytale for grown ups.  Then we run across Sniff and Scurry, Hem and Haw?  Now what does that tell you about the book?  The only characters missing are &quot;the cat and the fiddle&quot; and &quot;the cow who jumped over the moon.&quot;If this book (all 94 pages of it) has, indeed, helped save marriages, businesses, health and careers, we are destined to put a lot of marriage counsellors, business consultants and health care practitioners right out of business!  How is that for adjusting to change?
I am sorry, but I do not see what all the fuss is about. Certainly, Donna Tartt can write a good sentence. And put in a telling detail. That said, I think her characters are flat and unconvincing. And, my, but they all seem to drink a lot!!! I've known plenty of drinkers. But none that can keep up a pace like this!! I found this to be a plot-driven, superficial drive-by of a novel. And depressing to boot.
Movie was better.  Long and drawn out book that could have been written better.  One of the few where I prefer the movie, usually it's the other way around.
The Time Traveler's Wife has an interesting idea behind it - a young man named Henry has a condition which makes him travel in time against his will.  Claire, his wife, meets him when she is six years old and he is in his forties, but Henry meets her for the first time when they are both in their twenties.Henry struggles with a feeling of being trapped into what he knows will happen in his future and what he cannot change about his past, while Claire fears for Henry's life every time he disappears.The book would be marvelous, I think, if it had not been for all the sex.  I had the overwhelming feeling was that all the reader sees of Henry and Claire's love for each other is their physical attraction.  Considering that this is a romance, I wish there was less sex and more love of character.  Unfortunately, we do not get to know the characters very well either.  They have interesting dialogue and backstories and escapades, but otherwise, the reader never really gets to know them.I take that back.  The reader gets to know the characters, but they are not likeable.  They are self-centered, whiny, and immature.  They have no moral values whatsoever, except to save their own skins.  The only character I ended up liking was Alba, Henry and Claire's time-traveling daughter.  And she is only in the book for a little while.The writing style is not bad, but not very memorable, either.  The entire book is written in present tense, sometimes from Henry's perspective, sometimes from Claire's.On the whole, The Time Traveler's Wife had a wonderful idea and a lovely, bittersweet ending, but the spaces in between were quite trashy.  I will not be reading this book twice.
I have always been a big fan of Ruth Rendell AKA Barbara Vine, but this effort was a tremendous disappointment.  The plot was convoluted and boring,  The characters were shallow, uninteresting and undeveloped.  When the ending finally arrived it was ho hum.  If it had not been on my Kindle I would have thrown it aside after a couple of chapters.
I received this book as a free offer on BookBub. If it hadn't been a free posting, I probably wouldn't have looked twice at it, nor would I have paid money for it.
This book is quite possibly what would be considered a disaster. There was never a single moment where I was enthralled enough to keep turning the pages. Of course, that's unfortunate, because it's set in a world where a monster like Hannibal Lecter runs free. The very earth should be shivering beneath his footfalls and it doesn't. Each page should be something of a continued suspension and I had no problems putting the book down to turn to something more important.I've always enjoyed the simplicity of style that Thomas Harris uses in his books. He never quite tells you exactly what goes on in his story and it leaves the reader groping for more and inclining their own minds to finish reduced scenes. This time, however, it was just irritating. I think if Dr. Lecter was a real man he would have been upset that his story was told in so much reduced form, as if nothing holds any meaning.The characters, which held up the story meekly, were as lame as a broken leg. Like many of Harris' novels surrounding Dr. Lecter, we find two villains. The more sinister, genius, cannibal and the mysterious criminals that are somehow connected to him in some way, as if his poisonous abilities have slipped out in the world to continue his dirty work in a rather poor fashion. Mason Verger is our second criminal. Half mad, half eaten, half dead. He is far from sinister. Though he has no obligations to the world and is under a delusional, religious, cleansing frenzy he is as weak as the respirator that gives him breath. Margot, his body building sister, is more malevolent and she turns out to be more brutal but she hardly gets enough page time, except for cracking nuts in her hand, to really get fearful of.Speaking of the Verger clan, Barney gets mixed up with them at one point and his entire stay in this book might as well have been the bumbling fool, in a scholar's clothing, who is just taking up space. He's obsessed with Dr. Lecter and yet he helps to bring him to a connived sense of justice in Mason's mind. Then he floats out of the book again only to appear later under the gun barrel of Ardelia, who is as useless as Crawford (simply acting as a removed security blanket for Starling), and then later when the novel ends.Getting to more substantial characters. Clarice Starling is 32 going on 33 years of age and she is much smarter, more efficient, but the same delicate little flower that she hides so well. She has also not climbed the ladder of judiciary action since we last saw her. Her humiliation attracts Dr. Lecter and in more ways than one. The novel's end is the most ridiculous thing I've probably ever read. It was as if, during the last forty pages, Harris had no idea how to conclude their little communication together so he gave into the carnal desires of lust and devotion and obsession. Clarice has never struck me as a woman who would annex her mind so easily, even if the mind is capable of creating an almost entirely new schema over a previous one. I feel I have already given too much away, if you're ever interested in reading this thing...though I suggest you do not.The one thing I liked about the continued character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter is that we start to get his own background. Now that he is a free agent we get into his brain much more often and though it is a beautifully wicked place to be in it is also full of reasons, just like anyone would have, for the way he is. We even see him weak, screaming laments for his past. It sets up the next book, Hannibal Rising, rather nicely with the presentation of his sister Mischa. Though he is our typically creepy Dr. Lecter he suddenly has this sensitive side at the end that makes me, once again, question Harris' reasoning for giving into carnality instead of a more practiced, thought out approach.All in all the book is hardly worth reading unless, unfortunately, you would like to continue to the next book or at least complete your own developed concepts of the Lecter saga.
When I buy a book titled "All about Market Timing" I expected a lot of theories on the subject of market timing (like the Dow Theory, Elliot Wave Analysis, various market ratio's, the FED model, macro-economic models, ...) and not a beginners guide written for people who are just starting out in the stock market.Masonson has written a book here with a few large market timing models in it (seasonal analysis, presidential cycle, a moving average crossover system on ETF's tracking the stock market, ...). Not one new model, nor any analysis from the author himself is presented in this book. Also, if you would want to actually apply one of the systems he presents in his book here, I suggest you go look for them elsewhere. A lot of books explain the same market timing methods this author does, only in a more clear and elaborate way.Some books I liked better on market timing:- Victor Sperandeo- Winning on  Wall Street- Robert Rhea- Schwager  -Market Wizards
While this may be considered a literary classic, I never could get interested in the story or the characters. I finished it, but can't say I enjoyed the read.
I have always been a fan of Ruth Rendell  but the St. Zita Society was a great disappointment. It was difficult to find any characters to identify with  or to like even a  little. I am familiar with that area of London but that didn't help.  Difficult to remember all the early characters  but I persevered to the end and was only too glad to reach it. I would not recommend this book and that will be my last purchase of R. Rendell.  Equally bad  was "13 Steps Down" but I thought that was an aberration and now I know that it was not.  Bette Brown
This book is not an easy read.  It a collection of experiences encountered by the author but the flow tends to be all over the place.
There is an odd conceit found in many otherwise intelligent people to the effect that as they're brilliant on one field, they must be brilliant in EVERY field, especially as other fields must be trivially simple in copmparison with the one they're in. Hence we see doctors losing fortunes in the stock market, scientists losing money in business ventures, a generally smart people making asses of themselves in every way possible.Penrose' argument can be boiled down into a very few simple assertions:1. Mathematicians appear to derive proofs in a way that is not describable in the algorithmic language of computation.2. The only processes we know that are not so describable are quantum processes.3. Ergo the way mathematicians derive proofs, and by extension cognitive processes in general, must involve quantum processes, which for some reason he locates in the microtubles of neurons.Now I don't know much about quantum mechanics, but I do know a fair bit about cognition and neurophysiology, and I can safely say that Penrose is talking hooey from his first assertion on. He's made a very clumsy error in looking at mental processes that occur a level not open to concious introspection, and then assuming that because individuals cannot describe these processes, they are not describable using the language of ordinary logic.Everything else in the book derives from that simple error- an error I'd hope a second year Psych student wouldn't make. If he'd shared his manuscript with at least one psychologist, maybe this would have been pointed out to him, but again, perhaps that's just that conceit rearing its head again; how could a mere psychologist hope to understand the work of a briliant mathematician? ;-)If you're looking for a good book that will explain cognition once and for all, I don't think it's been written yet. Certainly not by Penrose.
Modern XML programmers should be using the SAX and DOM api's for their projects, and the related standards.  Those subjects should have been the foundation for this book.Instead the author spends lots of time talking about some &quot;pyxie&quot; utility that reforms XML into some intermediate line oriented ascii format for processing.  He even does system calls to assist in processing.  If SAX and DOM didn't exist, then yes, I suppose this is how you'd do it.  This would be OK for 10% of the book, as an introduction, but not as the primary tool.To be fair, he does talk about SAX and DOM in a couple chapters.  The coverage was light and the examples weren't great.And no discussion of XSLT or XPath?  Nor of schemas?  To be fair the copyright says 2000, so this may have been written in 1999, so some of those items were not around or popular back then.  But if the book is updated, these would need to be added.I think readers might do better to grab one of the Java books for now, and try to translate to Python in their head I guess. I agree with one of the other reviewers that there's a bit of filler in the book, though not as bad as some other books.On the plus side the author is very polite and supportive and would be comforting to newer programmers.I also like the way he keeps extending his xgrep project to have more and more features; it is nice to see an author show a large project evolving (I just kept wishing it was using DOM).
As someone who has read all the regency Georgette Heyer books several times, this didn't add anything to what I'd already learned from the books themselves. I was hoping for more detail and background on the wider world of the Regency, but actually each chapter was just a summary of what was in the books, grouped by theme. For example, a section on transport listed the main types of carriages, gave a brief synopsis of each, and referred to an occasion in one of the stories where that carriage was used. There was nothing new for me here.
This is a reference book, pure and simple. If you're used to Alison Weir's standard offering, this is NOT what you think it is. For the true student of the British Monarch it is probably a useful reference. For the &#34;historical reader&#34; (like me) you should understand it is neither a novel, nor a &#34;historical novel&#34; ... It's a reference work with &#34;encyclopedia style&#34; precis of each British ruler.
I've read many books like this in various fields - software engineering, alternative energy, biosciences, telecommunications. What happens is that a research institute or think-tank commissions a study, and spends a lot of money on investigating, analyzing, prognosticating, and writing up their findings. Initially, their work is packaged as a summary paper together with a very expensive and well-documented report. Their audiences are usually financiers (VCs, investment analysts), corporate executives (CxOs) and other researchers who can afford this kind of research.After they've saturated that market, there is often a temptation to share the results of the work with "the general public". At this point, there are a couple of possibilities. You can try to hire a good "popularizer" - someone like John Gribbin or Carl Zimmer, who knows how to turn arcane topics into fascinating books. But that would be expensive, so why not do it yourself? The problem is, few members of research institutes are good writers of popular non-fiction. (Most of the ones that are seem to write for the Santa Fe Institute.) And so the result is something like this book. For a venture capitalist, this is a great deal - much cheaper than buying that expensive research report. For the general public, it's a flop. In part this is because there's too much economics and not enough science. (People like to think that they're learning about science: why do you suppose that cable TV offers a "Science Channel" but not an "MBA Channel"?)I notice that a number of reviewers have commented on the large number of errors in the book. I have a feeling that this is what happens when a book is simply another "work product" from a big study. Real writers have more personal investment in their work, and it shows.Look: this is actually a fascinating subject. It's crying out for a good writer to pull together all of the threads and weave them into a tapestry that shows where we're headed. Paging Jared Diamond, or maybe Steven Rose...
I must admit that I looked forward to reading some of the early chapters of the book during my lunch hour.  After the first third or so, I lost interest. Then I got irritated by the repetition and boring 'tension' that the book introduced and then beat to death.  Then at about the 1/2 way point I thought I would stop reading it, but compromised and spent about 5 second on each page, just to feel that I had 'read' it.The main characters are weak, selfish, pointless.  The plot  is thin and not very convincing.  The writing is boring, and the formula of switching the character point of view from chapter to chapter got tiring (probably because the characters are so).Sorry for this low rating.  I 'm fussy about my books and life is simply too short...
Not on my best-seller list!I really had to trudge through the first 50-80 pages to gain a sense of direction.  Too much time and attention was devoted to unncessary scenery and minutiae at the characters' expense.  Only from the book jacket did I get a real grasp of the time frame for the story.  Was the over-wrought description of the vase really necessary?  Did it lend anything to the story?  I just didn't find the characters well-developed -- given the lack of dialogue and interaction.Part II felt very much like a reincarnation of &quot;Birdsong&quot; by Sebastian Faulks.The book's only saving grace was the juxtaposition of the final section, and the questions left to ponder.  Hardly enough, in my humble estimation, to warrant the first 150 pages.
I would strongly recommend not reading this book or any other book by these authors. Not only that their text is misguiding, their examples are simply bad code. Moreover, they seem to lack basic understanding of memory management. This book is a bad start for a beginner. Experienced programmers would trash it in a day.
Stephen Fry demonstrated he had talent to re-write classics in his very entertaining "The Stars' Tennis Balls," and his good friend and colleague Hugh Laurie proved that actors could in fact spell and punctuate in the competent and entertaining "The Gun Seller."  Because of the two books I decided to read "The Hippopotamus," hoping to be entertained.The back of the cover reads:  "Ted Wallace is an old, sour, womanising, cantankerous, whisky-sodden beast of a failed poet and drama critic, but he has his faults too."  This is the best writing you will find in this book, which is to say there isn't any good writing in the book.  It feels long and ponderous, and there really isn't a plot -- just a lot of that annoying British self-mockery that wears out its welcome by page 10.
Haruki Murakami has a sort of cult following and, some say, a very original writing style. His work is described by many as being smart and challenging.Myself though, I guess I just don't "get" Murakami. I don't find this novel smart or challenging, and his style isn't interesting. I would describe it as being vernacular. Not that I think fancy writing is better, but his style just doesn't have (in my opinion) anything special that makes it stand out. But more importantly, I don't find anything of relevance in the plot. Why did he write this novel and what is its significance? For me, reading through this book is almost like reading the diary or memories of a very average person, Hajime, the protagonist. Sometimes I feel like Murakami is trying to lead the reader into drawing conclusions about loneliness and the impact our decisions can have in the lives of others, and how when we hurt them, we end up hurting ourselves. But these just feel forced and usually fall flat.Murakami seems to be known for writing novels in which "Nothing happens for a long time, then something creepy and inexplicable happens". But for me it would be too little, too late. I decided not to finish the book and stopped at slightly over 50% of it.  So maybe the plot evolves rapidly in the second half, and contains something of substance that will make this novel stand out, something that will make Hajime, and his memories, relevant for readers. The thing is, there's millions of books out there, and life is short. Its impossible for every single reader to "get" every single author. And I personally don't "get" Murakami.
I read about 50 business and self-help books each year in the past 18 years, in comparison I found both the premise and organization of this title unsound, if not problematic. It's written in a very casual style based on a "serious" study, but none of the research findings or insights came cross to me as being clearly elaborated or thoroughly researched, so they don't sound credible or practical to me personally.This book is about attaining personal and professional success in corporate America, but I have read at least a dozen titles in the same category with much better premises, insights, style, and practical advices, for example, "Good to Great", "Talent is Overrated", "Success is not an Accident", and "Rich Dad Poor Dad" series.I don't mean to "bad mouth" this book vs. the prior 19 unanimous five-star reviews, and I just want to provide my honest, personal opinion about my reading experience.
I'd be more impressed if the book referred us to free tools for implementing CANSLIM.  The approach relies too much on proprietary tools that IBD wants to sell us.  Such a model always casts doubt and shadows on the fundamental approach, no matter how good it may be.
An OK mystery with a couple of clever twists and a big twist at then end that certainly would have been much more enjoyable at 300 pages instead of 500 pages.  The problem is between the smart opening and the clever finish there is a dearth of exciting, engaging moments and the supporting cast unlike in the Erlendur novels or the terrific Adler-Olsen Department Q novels are simply not very interesting.
I have studied several languages...Turkish, French, Italian...and gone through several texts -- good and bad.  This is, by far, the worst language text I have experienced.The concept is interesting.  Take bits and pieces of contemporary student life, construct vocabulary and grammatical packets based upon familiar concepts, have the student engage in them, and the address structure and depth later. In the beginning, it works.  But it quickly falls apart.It might have worked.  It doesn't in this text.  The vocabulary is extensive, but scattered and incomplete.  Words are introduced once, in one form, and not seen again for several chapters in another form.  Verb conjugation is only partially presented, then -- again -- several chapters later, presented with the assumption that the conjugations are known.  The drills are fine, except that they focus sparsely on one concept, which is then abandoned and assumed understood.Having grammar explained after the grammatical mechanism used once and only explaining it incompletely is extremely frustrating.  Physically separating the grammar from the introduction to a new concept is similarly frustrating.The text is very inefficient in not repeating and drilling new vocabulary and new grammar, but then having the words and concepts pop up later with no explication and the assumption that all has been learned.I am about to finish my first semester with this text and have had to purchase several grammar and verb texts in an attempt to understand concepts that are just disorganized and incompletely presented.  I have learned more on my own than from this text.Not to mention the politically correct orientation of the authors.I would avoid it at all costs.
I have read all of his books from A TIME TO KILL onward.  This was by far the most disappointing.  I couldn't get through it.  The characters had no substance and the plot was dull.  Very rarely do I not finish a book, however, this was one of the times.
I used the great Paul Samuelson's text while in school in the '60's and it was THE standard - no college of any self-respect dared use anything else!However, times do change so a couple of years ago I decided to get a newer edition, now co-authored by a certain William Nordhaus.  What a disappointment. Samuelson's voice seems to have been suppressed to sub-audibility, possibly just due to his age.  I felt none of the excitement my older book conveyed, nor got anywhere near the learning.  I recommend people to buy the older all-Samuelson versions, they're cheaper anyway, and nothing that fundamental has changed in either micro- or macro-economics theory in the past 50 years.  The micro part hasn't changed at all, with Adam Smith, supply and demand curves, and all that.  In the macro area, the Fed still prints money by buying up treasurys, etc. etc.  Of course, very recent disturbing changes have taken place, such as the Fed (incredibly!!) buying up toxic-mortgage packages, worthless corporate stock, bailing out megalithic monsters like AGI and GM and all those crooked "banks", and so on, but my new version didn't cover that either, or tried to submerge it.  It's "supposed" to be "temporary", ha ha.  We have allowed deregulation to destroy our economic system and I'm sure Dr. Samuelson would be very unhappy about it (he died at the age of 94 just a couple of years ago).
The only reason to buy this book is that royalties go to the widow of the man Jack Henry Abbott murdered shortly after his infamous parole engineered by Norman Mailer. Sadly, it if wasn't for this book, and Abbott successfully manipulating Mailer's over-inflated ego, Abbott's victim would still be alive.
Katherine Paterson is one of my favorite authors, but Jacob Have I Loved is not one of my favorite books. The descriptive sections drag like a textbook with its descriptions of Rass Island and the crabbing industry. The book picks up when we are introduced to Louise, her closest friend, and her family which includes parents, grandmother, and sister. For most of the book, unfortunately, Louis is about as pleasant as a toothache. And so, although my appreciation of the book has grown since reading it in my teens, it still unsettles me.For starters, I don't like Louise. She doesn't seem thirteen. Perhaps her adult ways belie her age. She has marital designs, reads Time magazine, and progs for crabs. Nor do I care for Paterson's style. The first paragraph consists of six lines, five of which are for a single sentence, and is typical of the sentence length of this book. Moreover, when Paterson writes of Louise's attempts to make small talk and tell jokes, Louise comes off as overly serious. Yet her intensity doesn't feel like that of an emotional teenager, but rather an overburdened young adult.I could forgive Paterson for writing with a maturity style beyond that of her juvenile audience, if I liked Louise. I don't. She considers closest friend to be fat and slow. She labels his grandmother as quaint. Islanders she views as uneducated and vulgar. And she disparages those of conservative Christian faith. Everyone seems beneath her. Ironically, she resents her sister for being blessed.Until recently, she had actually felt proud of her sister's talents. Then bitterness set in and rankled her. Early on, Louise observes that "Life begins to turn upside down at thirteen. I know that now. But at the time I thought the blame for my unhappiness must be fixed." Based on this statement, I figured Louise would eventually figure out that her lack of self-direction and self-care, combined with snobbery and jealousy, had caused her misery. Yet at risk of spoiling the ending, I don't know that Louise ever did. Instead, to the end, she seemed to feel that she had lost out on life by being the second sister. This message goes against my sensibilities, which argues that our paths are largely formed by our own reactions to life's situations.While I first read Jacob Have I Loved as a teenager, I felt as if surrounded by a cast of boring adults. Rereading the book as an adult, my interest perked up around chapter four when Louise butted heads with her grandmother. From chapter four forward, I found other likeable scenes. For example, I smiled when Louise read of a tombstone of a 19-year-old and fancied she would have married him if he had lived. The scene where she terrified Cal by convincing him that cats take on personalities of dead people is delicious fun. And her decision that a stranger in town was a spy brought back vivid memories of my own childhood imagination. In the last few chapters, I even found myself relating to Louise's indecision over her future and actually sympathetic to her.If this book unsettled me as a teenager, why did I read it again? Probably because on the strength of Paterson's other books, she is one of my favorite authors. Where does this leave me with regards to recommending Jacob Have I Loved? It is definitely for older readers. It also still feels flawed, as if written by an adult but without the maturity infused that usually comes with age. It holds enough gems to make it worth a read, but only if you have first acquainted yourself with Paterson's other books such as Bridge to Terabithia and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
I clearly remember being &quot;spooked&quot; reading Silence of the Lambs back in 91 and looked forward to Harris'sequel with anticipation. What a let down! The first three quarters of the plot is well-paced and sets up  the potential for a good finale. The final outcome, however, left me fuming  with disbelief.
Really odd that the biggest thing that defined his presidency is all but left out of the book.  Very disappointing, of course I do not care to hear the details but the fact that my tax dollar for the 8 years he was in there was being spent paying the Secret Service to make sure to "hold all calls" while Monica was in there inspecting the underneath of the desk is really quite maddening.  This is just a self centered bragfest of this guy talking about how he somehow came from the depths to become a leader.  Well they got that part wrong because it also did not cover any of the time he was governor of the great state of Arkansas, oh my oh my is there some scandal there!Women aside, or on the side however you want to take it, the book also is lacking any explanation into the Whitewater scandal as well as the death of Vince Foster.  I guess everyone gets paid off so now we will never, ever know.  Well ya never know friends some papers always end up appearing on a desk somewhere years later.  I bet they had the same shredders from Arthur Anderson in there what do you want to bet?
I read this book as a summer reading assignment. I have to say I was extremely disappointed. No offense to anyone who likes this book, because a few parts a liked, but I just don't think it's my type of read. It seemed to have sloppy and unorganized writing at some points. I think anyone who likes family mysteries and finding out who you really are will enjoy this book, though. Don't let one bad review from not buying it. Enjoy!
OK, I know this is a beat classic, and it was written by Jack Kerouac the patron saint of beat literature. But I gotta say this novel was pretty damn boring.Dhama Bums is another semi-fictional novel based on real events that occurred in Kerouac's life after the events described in On the Road. It's about Kerouac's search for a simple life and Zen Buddhism. The premise sounds interesting enough, but for me it just didn't have anything to offer.I once described Kerouac's classic On The Road as being like an episode of Seinfeld, a show about nothing. Despite the rather non complimentary comparison I thought that novel was very good and I highly recommended it.Dharma Bums was another meandering novel where nothing really happens. I guess one meandering trip for me was enough. As far learning anything about Buddhism through the novel, my guess is that you would learn more from a real Buddhist like the Dalai Lama than a wannabee like Kerouac.
The Kindle version of this book appears to have no navigation facility. I bought the McGraw-Hill Kindle version of the Slang dictionary which is worthless as an ebook reference due to lack of a navigation facility. This book appears to be the same.
This is one of the most disappointing books I have ever tried to read.  It some ways, it reminds me of the anticipatory tension device used in the TV series 'Lost'- a constant tease pregnant with possibilities followed by another tease with no resolution in sight.  In the end, anything resembling a result turns out to be mediocre, at best.  The Author too often inserts his Christian bias as well as deducing clearly unsubstantiated information as possible fact. I can empathize with the Author's respect for the Hopi people and their mistreatment by the US Gov and assorted greed-focused corporations; however, this book does this honorable people more harm than good.I hoped for so much more when I read the title.Read 'Neither Wolf Nor Dog' by Kent Nerburn for real insight into Native Americans written by a white man from direct experience.
Apparently I am not one for national best sellers, because almost everyone I have picked up I am not a fan of. Perhaps I like to root for the underdog authors? Idk, anyway this book was all over the place. I imagine that since I am that way in my own thoughts and life I would love it, but I actually didn't. You had to read so many chapters to catch up to one you read 2 days ago. Which was another thing. I can tell I liked a book if I read it in a day or two. I've had this one for weeks and read at least 12 books before I could finish it. You read from 2 main characters point of views but they have no unique characteristics in the way they speak. I've had to recheck a bunch of times to see who was talking. There was a lot of language and some really awkward parts (15yo boy alone in his room - need I say more) that had nothing to do with the plot and really just disturbed me more than anything else. LOTS OF NAKED! Lots of sex. Lots of alcohol. Lots of pills. Lots of miscarraiges (graphic). But at the same time it was all so dry. Normally I start crying during these emotional type scenes but they dragged it all out and there was no feeling in it. I think the idea of time travel is an excellent novel base but she did a not so great job of it. There wasn't any real plot. It was like a chronological journal of Henry & Clare involving a lot of sex and a lot of coffee and a lot of arguing over the same things. And let's face it, romance? That's what it's supposed to be but if Clare was your daughter would you want her ending up with Henry? Seriously? He's not a great guy. He has some serious issues and would hope my daughter would run the other way and not sweep them under the rug like they are no big deal because eventually he changes. I saw the movie and didn't like that either, usually the book is better. I rate them the same, maybe if you liked the movie you'll like the book.
I won't go on like most of the other one star reviews. They pretty much say everything I feel about this book already.  I really wanted to like this book but could not muster up any excitement for it and was struggling to keep reading.  I made it through Part 1 and about half way through Part 2.  I did not even get to the part where the H/h married.  This book just dragged and I finally admitted to myself that it just wasn't catching my interest.  I borrowed the kindle addition from my library.  If you still want to give this book a try I would recommend checking your library before you invest in it.  I was so glad I did not pay for this book.  Not only is the book extremely long but the next several books are a continuation of the H/h story.  I found what I did read more depressing than interesting and just couldn't bring myself to care what the outcome was.  There are so many other historical romances out there that I have enjoyed and I will go back to some of my favorite authors for my highland warrior fix.
Words can't even explain how....we'll say not worth the read, to be nice...this book is.I tried, I swear I did, but I couldn't get past the fourth chapter.It was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO unrealistic and the characters not appealing in the least. I don't look for PERFECT characters that belong on the pages of a modeling magazine in my romances. That isn't realistic, but what I do expect in a romance is ROMANCE and CHEMISTRY which there was none of the above in this literary dribble.The characters reactions to everything was just...it's hard to explain, honestly. They weren't natural and they made the characters VERY dry. The conversations were completely unrealistic and forced, nothing flowed, nothing made sense between the characters...again, lack of chemistry can do this to a book.Also, the descriptions were so misplaced and didn't flow that it was like reading VCR programming directions after a while.Would I recommend this?Do you have to ask?!
I only have the sample of the first chapters but it is clear that it is not adequately formatted for the kindle, with equals signs simply missing...if they can't format a maths book for the price it just shouldnt be published.
This books lacks depth.  The material is written in a pedestrian and superficial manner, and it will not add to your depth of understanding.  Save your money.
Break out of the maze, and stop worrying about the cheese.Never have I come closer to the mind crushing monotony and impersonality of corporate America than when I read this book.  You are all mice, and there is some mad scientist who can change you life and routine at whim.  Your key to survival is to learn acceptance and/or numbness to this reality.  Resistance is futile.For the best cheese moving book in America, read some Ralph Waldo Emerson.  Start with Self Reliance and go from there.
I bought this book and returned it. The pictures were poor quality; they were all black and white. I was expecting more of a picture guide book format, but there was a whole lot more chapter reading than I anticipated.
I found it boring and depressing. Politics as usual. This is nothing new ya know.The people who have governed this country (heck!, the world) from the getgo have all been like this.  It was just kept under wraps better. Too many leakers, climbers and journalists these days.
The book starts off wonderfully with Harris's visualization; you can see everything you read. There are complex characters introduced and of course a wicked weave between them. He shows the master insanity of Hannibal with his elaborate set-ups for escape from not only Starling but from a vile creature named Verger who sets out to seek revenge on the good doctor. And you are eating this up the whole time, because it seems that Harris is once again quite the masterful story teller. But then you get to the last few chapters.The best way I can describe it is it seems like he took his time and thought out every little detail like it was the master term paper. But then all of a sudden he realizes he doesn't have the time needed to finish it so he rushes it and throws an ending together. It was almost like to different authors. And of the ending! And what he does with Clarice! I was put off by the whole book in a matter of a few thousand words.James A. Forrest -Eye of the Storm
Read this along with son.This book very difficult to get into and hard to understand.I think it has a very important meaning but sure there is better books written now that are easier to understand.
Well, I just finished &#34;The Fiery Cross&#34; and it can be summed up in one word: Meh. I have eaten through the first four books of the series in record time, but this one took me longer than the rest put together. Gabaldon switches POV between Claire, Jamie, Brianna and Roger throughout the book. Here's the problem with that: if you are going to switch POV, make ALL of the characters interesting. Brianna is a shrew. Am I the only one who hopes she dies?? Then poor set-upon Roger (who is becoming so pathetic that I am starting to wish him dead as well) can take the brat (um, I mean Jem) through the stones and back to the future and we can get on with the story. No more diapers, breast feeding and bowel movements please. If you are a die hard OUTLANDER fan like me then I would still recommend reading this to continue the story (I just started on Breadth of Snow and Ashes and I have the feeling it returns the series to its former glory), but it does not stand out on its own and should have been drastically edited down. The writing itself is still good - but the plot and characters are lacking.
Amazingly enough this book still has some value--human processes don't change that much. Their incident response examples seem charmingly innocent--like being called to assist a company with a single exchange server or setting a threshold of 5 affected machines. But,unless you're just nostalgic you probably want to stay away.How big a machine do you need to run your tools on?  Their specification for a forensics workstation calls for a "High end processor" with "A minimum of 256MB of RAM".  (Yes, that's *megabytes* and I'm sure it was a screamer in its day.) And they keep talking about these things called "floppies"... Furthermore, I'm pretty sure their 7 year old tools are going to be pretty hit or miss in terms of their value and I'm guessing that the 7 year old links to web resources are going to be a little spotty.Memo to self--check copyright dates next time.
It was not any different than any other book.  I am not a diabetic and I think it is written for diabetics.  Also I don't think the book really explains why a person can't eat carbs.
I know it's considered sacrilige to be critical of the great John Steinbeck, but this book is an insufferable soap box bore. If the characters didn't repeat themselves so endlessly, 100 pages could have been shaved off, and the book would be better for it. There was not one character in the story I cared about, and I was relieved to reach the end.
White Noise was written before cellphones, laptops, and the internet became a massive part of life. Nevertheless, the book captures the already growing spirit of distraction in the modern culture as well as the inundation of information (of varying degrees of accuracy) and the hardening and disconnection with disaster. Nevertheless, the book's most consistent theme--death--is perhaps the very oldest idea behind stories as death is, arguably, the force that drives religion and all other creation myths. Despite incorporating what were, at the time, the most modern themes, White Noise is just one in an endless series of books in which a character must come to grips with the fact that humans, unlike literature, must reach an end.  White Noise eventually falls victim to its own conceit; in reading a book so devoted to exploring the theme of white noise, it is impossible to escape the feeling that White Noise is itself white noise. Consider consciously listening to the gurgling of your refrigerator instead--you would probably gain the same insight in much less time.
The World War I British infantryman's life, whose story has been minimized or neglected by traditional histories of the war and the public at large, was "made up of small details and large emotions." (16) So argues Denis Winter in Death's Men: Soldiers of the Great War. He focuses primarily on the "inner lives of `the Other Ranks,'" (ibid.) whose memoirs and reminiscences allow for the creation of what he describes as "the `inner history'" of the Great War.Winter structures Death's Men both chronologically and thematically.  This approach allows him to show how typical British enlistees ("Kitchener's Men") progressed from being new recruits to frontline soldiers and, if they were lucky, to returning veterans after 1918.  Military historians as well as casual readers will certainly admire Winter's thorough and vivid handling of trench warfare and the tremendous toll it took on men's lives, both physically and emotionally.The strength of Winter's book is its graphic depiction of the men in the trenches and the nature of modern warfare on the western front from 1914 to 1918. Technologically advanced weaponry such as high explosive artillery ammunition, the machine gun and flame throwers made combat hellish beyond description.  "The order of life," Winter concludes, "seemed beyond the comprehension of a soldier under a barrage of gas and shells...even if a man could gather himself to contemplate anything beyond survival." (115)  At times, Winter's prose is remarkable, as when he describes the infantryman as "object not subject.  He saw himself as the rodent occupier of a pockmarked, grassless zone, whose forward limit was determined by the very limit of human endurance. What was he but the counter in a game..." (Ibid.) No squalid detail is too small to evade mention by the numerous soldiers Winter employs to tell his story.  Dozens of first hand accounts culled from diaries, memoirs and letters depict the minutiae of the British foot soldier's life in France, including shrapnel wounds, trench foot, bread weevils, brothels, mustard gas attacks, and grave digging-just to list a few.Winter does not neglect the psychological effects of this modern war on the men fighting it, and devotes an entire chapter-"The Strain of Trench Warfare"-to it.  The hideous, modern "arsenal of weapons" led to a war in which "infantry became merely hunters and hunted." (128)  The Great War, he asserts, "posed a greater test than any previous war."  He rightly points to the reality that unlike previous wars in which battles lasted for hours or days at most, the trench-bound British soldier of the First World War "was hardly ever out of danger," (131) where death loomed constantly.Despite Winter's skill in vividly illustrating the dreadful struggles of the western front, Death's Men suffers from two major problems.  First, this is primarily an  impressionistic book, with little statistical or analytical work involved.  Winter often cites his own experiences (or those of his relatives) and makes dubious extrapolations from them, such as his first-hand knowledge of shell shock victims.  "Each week," he reports, " I see in Leavesden mental hospital...a man whose memory is perfect...to 1917. Thereafter he can remember nothing." (140) Aside from the question of Winter's medical qualifications to make judgments about post-combat stress victims, one wonders how accurate an extrapolation can be from just one veteran the author happens to know.  This error is known as "the fallacy of the lonely fact[:]...a statistical generalization from a single case."  Examples of impressionistic generalizations abound in Death's Men.  Winter's sweeping claims such as "cleanliness was always the highest priority" of the soldier; (146) "all men feared artillery"; (121) and "all soldiers were bitterly depressed when time came to return to France" from leave, (169) serve to brush off exceptions to his broad, imprecise statements, most of which lack citations and statistical support.  Although he writes that against such a diversity of soldier's war experiences  "generalization must clearly have its limits," (17) Winter fails to heed his own advice.The second, and perhaps bigger flaw of Death's Men is that it is largely an anecdotal collection of war stories, all of which serve to answer his preconceived declarative question: the war was horrible for the men who fought it.  With this closed-end hypothesis in mind, Winter seems to have trudged off to the archives and, unsurprisingly, found exactly what he was looking for.  His survey is not so much an historical inquiry as it is a compilation of individual accounts from only one of the war's theatres that he for the most part fails to interpret, quantify and contextualize.  He provides only eight footnotes in this 265-page book, a limitation that lessens the book's usefulness to other scholars, or to readers wishing to learn more.Death's Men lacks a proper historical question.  It is instead a compilation of soldiers' experiences about which the author's opinion often substitutes for interpretation, such as when he harshly criticizes the army's induction and basic training system for subduing the individual in a dehumanizing manner.  "Our soldiers," Winter opines, "until the last year of the war, continued to be trained as blockishly as had been Wellington's men." (49)  Winter fails to provide context for his impressionistic assertion, or alternative explanations.  Was basic training harsh in the Great War because the army had so many civilians to train?  Did military authorities grasp the fundamental need to prepare troops for the modern battlefield, to ward off mutiny, and to harden the men in advance?  He does not consider this, and provides few accounts from officers or NCOs about the obvious need for discipline.  Death's Men will certainly satisfy those readers searching for absorbing tales of World War I combat and the misery of the trenches.  A scholarly, interpretive study of British foot soldiers, however, this is not-such an empirical analysis remains to be written.
I don't make a habit of stopping a book once I get into it.  This book was just not worth my time; was only drawn into it by its great reviews.  It was obviously written by some self-loving, over-indulged, hippie.
Instead of this book, do pages 211-269 of Dorothy Richmond's Spanish Verb Tenses. The amount of content is over half that of this book. She is the best. Just read her reviews.If I made a checklist of how not to teach a foreign language, I would get the items from this book. There is no consideration for readers that don't have all ther grammar terms down cold already, which is why one reviewer that stuck with this book had to do a great deal of research to use it. Examples are too few. The flow of concepts is to muddled. I'm starting to think the author also wrote the U.S. tax code. I'm guessing that the 5 star reviews are from people that have such a good grip on grammar already, that this was just helping them fill in or review their knowledge.
Sadly I was unable to read this book through.  The writing style was good and I found the premise attractive.  I even liked the setup at the start of the novel, but before you even get to chapter two you have an out-of-wedlock sex scene (granted it isn't as bad as the average modern romantic novel, but still unacceptable for a practicing Christian). Why should we think it's romantic when Henry takes Clare home, having just met her, and fornicates with her?  He's just getting what he can while he can.  I flipped through the novel and easily found more of that type of content. If authors can actually convey a sense of romance between two people, why do they need tittilation to keep people's interest.
There is a whole section devoted to "white privilege" you know- white people don't deserve what they have and some magickal force gives them special advantages in society. If Sadker or any other white haters can actually find bias then they would hit the lottery- as any form of pro-white racism will result in immediate action, lawsuits, Jesse Jackson etc. According to the book white privilege exists but its invisible and with wizard like powers makes white people's lives easier. So if we just hate white people enough and deny them enough opportunity and discriminate against whites long enough we can undo this unmeasurable, inarticulable magickal bias.Hey homeless white person eating out of a trash can- you may not know it yet but you don't deserve that box you sleep in at night, you deserve less. Hey wealthy white man who works 12 hours a day to put yourself through school- you don't deserve what you have. You see you all got what you have by being white! So feel ashamed! Very ashamed. After demoralizing whites with white guilt it goes on to claim "never do this to a non-white, because demoralizing people lowers their academic performance and ability to succeed" thanks for the tip sadker!Sadkers education philosophy is Marxist- that is communist. Marxist hate whoever has power or wealth and attacks them in order to put their own thieves in power. Trust me if this nation was a majority "hispanic" nation then Sadker would be preaching about hating the hispanics. It's always the same game with communists.The communist keep changing the name of their ideology though. Sadker's philosophy is now called Critical Education Theory. It believes schools should be about "social change" and indoctrination rather than learning facts.[...]It is also related to crticial race theory (which is a combination of black supremacism and jewish supremacism aimed at "bringing down the white man") along with neo-Marxist rhetoric:(sadker himself seems to be of the Jewish tribe)[...](not to be confused with the critical theory of teaching, though in some small way connected to such).About the book and critical pedagogy:It believes the primary purpose of teaching is "social change" I believe the purpose of teaching is to get students to learn. I believe most parents send their children to school to learn their ABC's and if they knew they were getting indoctrinated in Marxism a lot of parents would withdraw their students if they had that option.My concern here is that it reflects a prevalent bias and hate in society. I personally believe that for society to run smoothly all people need to be treated equally. Singling out certain people and holding them to a different standard, hating them, discriminating against them etc. leads to ruin.Teachers, Schools and Society, Sadker et al, McGraw-Hill, 2008.According to the text segregation is good if it is done by a non-white but "racist" if done by whites. It drones on about how whites are "racist" for segregating and how we must combat this. Then it claims that de-segregating non-white communities harms them. Studies have shown that communities who lose their criticial mass can have lowered performance, however this applies equally to white people and non-whites, why is there a double standard? Cultural Marxism is anti-male and and anti-white. Statements such as "females are superior to men" are promoted and then saying a man is superior to a female is shot down as sexist and enforced with fear. Whites are considered evil and white guilt is a major part of Marxist education. White guilt is the belief that white people are guilty of a social injustice simply by virtue of their skin color or race, and not anything they have done. In other words it is a form of hate speech and social intolerance towards an entire class of people. To quote the book on segregation:. On page 244, in regards to the "discrimination" against Native Americans,Today over half of the Native Americans in this country do not live on reservations, and their youngsters have become invisible children of color in urban centers. As the students have been desegregated across neighborhoods, they have lost their "critical mass," which is often associated with higher achievement.This book claims that desegregation of Native American communities harms Native Americans and lowers their individual performance. It also speaks negatively at attempts to rid them of their native culture, yet it claims white culture is "racist" and needs to be made "multicultural". The book speaks of the need to preserve the "cultural continuity" of Native American, Black communities and others. The same book goes on to claim on the very next page that anyone who speaks of preserving the white culture or race is racist. I quote page 245 of the same book,President Theodore Roosevelt added a touch of racism to the debate, arguing that since so many white women were choosing teaching over motherhood, they were committing "race suicide," and the continuance of the white race was in jeopardy.It is racist to worry about the continuance of the white race, okay got you. On the same page it says this, it goes on to say praise Native American attempts to "maintain cultural identity".Let's stop and think for a moment. Who is racist? The authors of this book. Unless we define racist as anyone who doesn't have a bias against white people.According to the book:In the 1960s the Kerner Commission charged that white society should assume responsibility for the black ghetto, claiming that whites created and condone it.I never created a ghetto, I never condoned a ghetto and I will not take responsibility for something I didn't do, sorry. In fact a little about myself, I lived in poverty, I applied for government aid and was discriminated against for being a white male.The book goes on to say in the same page that some believe that the idea that African American or Latino children must sit by a white person in order to learn effectively may be demeaning. Yet the book does not consider the white student's opinion! To consider the needs of a white student is "racist". To throw white people into a death camp is "progress".It goes on to speak of how segregation could protect African American and Latino culture, yet speaks negatively of the "racists" who would use segregation to protect white culture. It goes on to quote someone who is against resegregating. The reason? He claims that if blacks voluntarily resegregate that they would be doing whites a favor and this alone is good enough reason not to do it.If that isn't hate speech I don't know what is. "well we don't want to do anything that benefits the white community! We must hate them! Come on my communist brothers, hate the man".I find the content to be a bit absurd. But it's alarming because this communist trend seems to have infiltrated almost every level of government and the media.Interesting in regards to Japanese on page 260 they claim the Japanese "enjoy both a high median family income and educational attainment. Their success is at least partially due to traditional values, a heritage some fear may be weakened by increasing assimilation". Then they go on to say white people who do not assimilate non-white cultures are "racist". Ad infinitum.On page 80 of this book it claims that self esteem is vital to academic accomplishment, then goes on to claim that all white people benefit from "white privilege", implying they don't deserve what they have and encouraging them to have a lower sense of self worth.
I was disappointed to find that not only are there no hyperlinks through the text, even the table of contents does not click through to the relevant chapter, and nor does the index. The most basic kindle books from the very first kindle, for free, usually have this ability.Of course the content is there (doesn't work in android galaxy s4 by the way, even though the screen should have an adequate resolution for it), but don't expect to do some quick fact checking using this e-paperweight.
While it was probably a great deal of work, this author has done little more than regurgitate what is already written in the Cluetrain Manifesto, Customer Relations Management 101, and downloaded from sites on the net.  I found very little that was new or enlightening in this tome.  I was hoping for some new and invigorating concepts in marketing...but it's not here.
Having corn flakes with powdered milk (no water) isn't as dry as this book.  I found myself (much like I did with The Catcher in the Rye)reading only because I kept waiting for something monumental to happen, which never did.  There were no surprises in this story, save one, which was about as shocking as pissing on an electric fence and then realizing it's not electric afterall.  Plus, when Grisham dropped this &quot;bomb&quot; on me, I didn't even give a damn because by then it was such a tiny part of the story.  My advice is to read something else by John--anything else--and feed this one to the fireplace.
This, in my opinion, totally unnecesary book, is based on Getting to Yes principles. It is subtitled "Simple Strategies to Help You Negotiate Everything". Yes, the strategies are simple, even too simplistic. And No, they will not help you negotiate Everything!Instead of criticaly examining the principles of Getting to Yes (and there are problems with some of those principles), this book simply rehashes them in a weak and unconvincing manner."Treat all negotiations as cross-cultural" is the title of the last section, which is 4 (four!) pages long. Superficiallity supreme!The "Encycopedia of Tactics" chapter lists 16 tactics, each about 12 or so lines of text. You will not learn negotiating tactics from such a superficial glance. No examples, just a weak interpretation.These are just two of the examples of numerous weaknesses so obvious in this book. Its significance does not warrant further time and effort to elaborate on others.In terms of inspiration and holding readers' interest this is akin to reading White Pages telephone directory. Totally uninspiring, no humour, dry and tedious. The Author may be "an expert" on negotiation, but that is not coming through in the text! Stay away!
I've loved Ruth's books for years and what I like best is her ability to delve into the minds and behaviours of her characters, giving them a rich persona and there is often an underlying motivation and reason that drove them to commit a crime - and its usually not your typical murder motives. I read this book on the tail of reading Tigerlily and found them quite similar - set around a building with a mixture of different characters, in fact too many characters and no one is explored beyond the superficial level. What they do and how they act is explained so quickly that it is hard to develop any interest in them. I only read on because I wanted to know what happened! In this book I found the accidental murder quite shallow - covered up rather easily and the characters who did so had not an ounce of depth or interest to them. How this got past the police with no evidence, forensic or otherwise, was ridiculous. I really hoped this book would get better but it really didn't shock. Its like the plot and characters were written by a high school student. Only gave it 2 stars because Ruth can still keep my interest, even though its a lousy story. I think I may re-read the old Ruth Rendell books like Adam and Eve and Pinch me, and A Sight for sore eyes.
I wish I could come up with a better and deeper headline than that but I couldn't. What a big sprawling pointless mass of largess this fifth novel by Iris Murdoch was. I though with the brevity of its pages this would be a little coldblooded shark of a book. That, plus its author, who I had read previously and been marvelouslly entertained, led me to the mistake of reading this.This novel centers on the marriage of Martin and Anotonia Lynch-Gibbons, the heirs to a prosperous wine merchant business. Well, that is, if you could call it a marriage. Martin carries on affairs with multiple women and doesn't have a second thought about it. In fact he feels that his needs can only be met by two women, his wife and his mistress Georgie, a professor of economics.He is going ahead with his &quot;normal&quot; life when his wife breaks down and admits she is having an affair and is madly in love with her psychiatrist, Palmer Anderson, and wants to get a divorce. This sends Martin into a space of hypocrisy hitherto unheard of. He is hurt and enraged at the exact same behaviors that he exhibits but holds back his tongue because he cannot be without his wife. It complicates things that Martin himself might be in love with Palmer. Martin starts down a road of masochistic love for everyone that does him wrong that makes a martyr look lazy. Everytime he sets his heart on committing to someone, he finds out that other person has someone they love that they were concealing from him. It almost becomes the book of Job starring Pepe le Pew.This book is peopled with confused men and women who would rather be in love with multiple people instead of risking all of their love on one. They are all cowardly and shy of taking risks and thereby put themselves in line for a lot of torture. As the book progresses we learn of affair within affair within affair like a chinese box toy. It is in this that the book begins to show its weakness. When anyone admits to an affair that person admits to an affair and then that person admits to an affair and ad infinitum. I know what farce is but this book goes a little too far.Another thing I didn't like about the book is that the descriptive passages and the dialogue seem to be from two different works of fiction. There is no unity. Murdoch at some times seems to be too worried about color of shoes or what two fingers someone is holding a cigarette between than telling a story. The dialogue seems totally removed and distant from the setting and the characters. You feel as if a play and a poem have been interspliced with no rationale.I would stay away from this book. Check out The Good Apprentice or The Italian Girl for better reads.
I found it very hard to become absorbed in this book until the second half. It is written in a very choppy, episodic manner--as though the author was imagining the movie that will be made afterward. The characters are not  very developed, and I kept mixing up their identities for awhile. Like a  mindless Saturday night movie, however, the novel ultimately does  entertain.
This book claims to be a comprehensive help for upper elementary grammar.  It is not.  I found it far too basic - too remedial.  My daughter is in 7th grade and needs a boost in the more complex grammar elements for her grade.  This book was not helpful.
Definitely - miles off being his best and certainly not a good book.What I hated about this book was Grisham's inability to hold himself back from rehearsing his pet likes and dislikes.Why do I need detailed descriptions of all the scrummy grub our protagonist is eating? What is the point? No wonder Americans are so obese with this obsession about food. Grisham - it seems - can't go five minutes without mentioning ice-cream - or pizza - or potato with gravy.It's truly pathetic. Why doesn't he just put a bundle of recipes or extracts from his fave menus at the back and just get on with story?What is ironic (and Grisham can't see this) - is that our wonderful black lady mother figure dies of a heart attack and stroke - all because she crammed so much grub in her mouth and fed the world with fat soaked dinners.Anyway - we are treated to drooling mentions of Italy - which is another of Grisham's pet love themes. Then we get the hate themes: the Vietnam war and the rise of the supermarkets.STOP PREACHING JOHN and write a decent book.This was a reasonably interesting book spoiled by Grisham's prejudices and passions.There is also the archetypal Grisham hero: a loser with bad attitude who finds his calling and becomes an overnight success - full of swaggering bravado - total courage and who wins 100% in the end.YAWN - this character is often in Grisham's books and it's boring.I recently read his book "The Litigators" and this was such a joy - when compared to this tired hackneyed ole gruel.
It seems many writers struggle earlym reach a plain of success and then go into decline. Apparently this has happened to Michael Crichton.  The book is entertaining, but the plot rambles without control. I do not regret buyg  the book, but I was generally disappointed. I  would give this book 1 &amp;  1/2 stars it was an option.
There is a line somewhere in the middle of Greene's The Heart of the Matter where two charcters are discussing about a stroy they have read.  One character says to the other, "This story is dull."  I couldn't help but chuckle that the characters in this story could put Greene's story in such an accurate choice of words.The Heart of the Matter does have some good insights about the depth of a man's soul, and near the end of the story we finally get some insight into this man's character, but that, unfortunatley, is short lived.  There is some good ideas of  man's guilt about religion and his relationship to God here, if only Greene could have figured out a better way to tie it all together.The main problem with Greene's novel is that while you are reading it, you don't actually care about any of the cold, one dimentional characters portrayed here, with the exception of Scobie.  The story takes forever to get going, and once it finally gets some steam to it, we are cheated by an over the top ending.  The ending made this novel worse, in my opinion.  It is not that I don't enjoy dark novels or twisted endings.  In fact, some of the darkest novels are my most favorite. In those novels, however, I acutally cared about what happended in the end.  This is one of the most overrated classics I have ever read.  And I am sure when you get to the so called climatic, "shocking" ending, you will be thinking the same thing as I was.  "Am I supposed to care?"Grade: C-
I'm not a fan of romance-type books, but the 1st book in this series was so good, I kept coming back for more.  Unfortunately, I read The Fiery Cross, or, as I would rename it, A Year in the Life of the American Pioneer.  I can't even tell you what this book is about. It has no plot.  It is set in the time leading up to the Revolutionary War, but nothing much happens.  Although the author's writing style is very good (and the only reason this book did not get 1 star), and the characters are likeable and familiar, the book is BORING!!!  NOTHING HAPPENS!! I mean, NOTHING!  It almost comes across as a book written to explain the interim between the previous book and the next book.  If this book had a plot, I could not find it.  Hopefully the next one will be better, if I can bring myself to read it.
Are Italy's police really the world's worst? Is Dickie's dad really that stupid? Is Marge really that naive? Who hires a detective who can't speak Italian to solve a murder in Italy? It's pretty hard to swallow.Not bad, but there's much more interesting stuff out there than this.
I'm a big fan of John Steinbeck, Hemingway and  Falconer...But over the years I've made three attempts to  read this book.My first impression was it was just a lot of mumbling proseand not very interesting. My second impression was that it was deeply depressing.My last impression is that it just isn't worth the effortto sort through the depressing stuff to get to the interesting pornof a black guy showing his privates to a half blind old Jewish man.Something is pretty wrong in literature when this is given a prize?
I really wanted to like this book. To give you an idea of how hard it is to do that, by the third page he has already told you that he's going to proliferate the YES!Attitude product line indefinitely. By the next page, he's solicited your ideas to leverage it and make money together. Oh, and did I mention, right around then he warms you *never* to use the phrase YES!Attitude in any presentation you might do without his express permission because he owns all rights to it. Basically, a marketing ploy dressed up as a book. And just way to smug and self-satisfied for my tastes. You expect rah-rah, but he's too busy patting himself on the back to even cheer. Sorry to the other reviewers, but I think this is only 1 star.
THE END starts out really good with typical Lemony Snicket humor and a strong plot.  As I read through the first twelve chapters, I kept on anticipating what was gonna happen in the final chapter and how Snicket was gonna end the series.  When at last I finally came to the end of THE END, I felt really let down.  First of all, none of the questions that arose from the previous book were answered.  And I mean NONE at ALL!  All the questions I so desperately wanted to know the answer to were not answered and I guess I'll never find out.  Snicket also tries to justify by saying that "sometimes, the whole story isn't meant to be told".  Well the whole story is meant to be told!  Especially when you anticipated this book so much.  This is also the only book of the series to feature fourteen chapters (the rest only have thirteen)  but the fourteenth chapter just makes matters worse.  While I read it, I got the feeling that Mr.  Snicket was rubbing it in my face that nothing was answered.All in all, this was not a good way to end the series.  It stills felt like the second-to-the-last to me, and that one more was yet to come.
I so do not understand all the rave reviews on this book. I read it recently for a book club selection, and let me tell you, If I didn't have to read it, I would have put it down after the first twenty pages, and never picked it up again. I found it to be dark, depraved, disgusting, and depressing! An examination of love in all it forms? Hardly! These characters were just plain goofy. I finally figured it out towards the end of the book, these characters were so miserable because they were lost spiritually. They were looking to other humans to provide them with true love, and that is just barking up the wrong tree. I am giving it one star only for the rich use of language.
Maybe they don't want you to do well on the LSAT, because if you did, despite encountering this book, and you became a lawyer, you would want to sue McGraw-Hill.
The materials on Microsoft Corporation and Bill Gates were written many times, in the past 10 years. Steve Ballmer lives in the shadow of Bill Gates.  He befriended Bill, works for Bill and makes Billions $$$ from the Microsoft stocks. Had him work for Proctor and Gamble, he would be just another so-so manager. What makes it bad?  The fact he is Jewish, tall and cursing all the time, is not enough to make him a BAD boy. I believe "BAD BOY" is just a marketing tool to sell the books.
That being said, the book still disappointed me with its total lack of subtlety and redundancy.  I found myself skipping through entire paragraphs because I had read them before in previous stories, and I was irritated by the constant, exhuasted refrain, "I'm forty-three years old, and a writer now..."O'Brien is very clear on the point that, with a true war story, morality and truth are not necessary.  I appreciate this, and I give him credit for the fact that his book echoes his own definition of the Vietnam War itself - vague, ambivalent, undefined, and without clarity or consistency. This, I feel he does fairly effectively, but for the fact that he repeatedly reminds the reader that that is his purpose.  However, the inconsistency of the book, and the seemingly haphazard arrangement of the stories, made it difficult to follow at times, and overall it felt very sloppily written and constructed.
Like many books, there were good parts and terrible sections.  White does an excellent job of identifying and proclaiming problems in our society today.  People are not saving for retirement.  Consumer debt is overwhelming the United States.  The U.S. Government is not doing an efficient job.  Just about everyone knows there are problems in these areas but this book goes past generalities and gives hard statistics.However, the book breaks down when it comes to the solution for these problems.  Most of the solutions that White presents have government becoming more involved in our lives or mandating new standards.  External rules have their limitations.  The true solution does not lie with having the government impose more regulations in our lives.  Until Americans change their lifestyles from being based on consumerism towards being rooted in saving and investment, the problems presented in this book will not go away.  The root problems will take a shift in mindsets, not more governmental laws, to fix.
Mr. Donlan presents an interesting perspective for allowing unfettered Capitalism to be encouraged in the global economy.  While this perspective would be anticipated from an editor for Barron's magazine, his methodology and logic is interesting and entertaining.Weather you already have your own thoughts on the subject area (global and free markets)or you are just now considering the subject area, Mr. Donlan's book will provide you with an understanding for the argument in favor of Capitalism.  Should your perspective be in the opposite direction, this book will also allow you to understand your opponent's perspective.All in all, the book is worth at least a cursory read.
I purchased &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot; in November and it's almost January and I haven't gotten to page 150.  Oh, I will finish this novel one day but that day is far into the future.  I agree totally with the reviewers who described this novel as &quot;boring/too slow&quot;, I just can't get into it.I was one of the many who became hooked on the Outlander series (Claire and Jamie's story was a phenomenal -- one the great love stories of my time) and as others have stated I couldn't wait until the release of The Fiery Cross and to admit how terribly disappointed I am hurts a lot.  Ms. Gabaldon was one of the first authors who made me appreciate the concept of time travel.  I just wish I could travel through time and get her to do a rewrite to bring life to the characters I have loved for years and miss very much.
This book has a pretty catchy title, and I think by now anyone who has dabbled in stock investing has probably heard of the late, and famous, Ben Graham. The title of this book suggests that in the risk-laden, wild swinging investment environment of right now, Mr. Graham's strategy can be applied, but only after it is tweaked to adjust to modern times. The author himself is an international investment consultant with considerable and wide-ranging international experience, so I expect he is more than qualified to explain how Ben Graham value investing can work. Unfortunately, instead of channeling Ben Graham in a modern light, all Mr. Towson really does in this book is tell us that we are investing in a politically charged, international environment. That makes some investments that might otherwise be good turn into marginal bets, and marginal bets into bad ones. What it all boils down to is, you need to invest in the same kind of value and growth companies, but also compensate for political instability, foreign policies, cultural anomalies, and the like. There are plenty of anecdotes to back up the author's opinions, but I didn't see much about what Mr. Graham might actually do. In fact, as I got to the middle of the book (where I eventually stopped reading, I must confess), the author would go on for ten or twenty pages without so much as mentioning Mr. Graham. And, to compound matters, I don't really care enough about Russian politics, Chinese cronyism, Middle-Eastern cultural mores and slanted perceptions of the west, to really apply anything in this book to investing. Then again, I didn't see any strategies, analysis, methodologies, and any other advice about investing anyways. I still don't know what Ben Graham would do now, but I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to read a book that really does apply Ben Graham's investing logic,Benjamin Graham and the Power of Growth Stocks:  Lost Growth Stock Strategies from the Father of Value Investing, and I'm putting this one aside.
So I got this book thinking I could find some questions to re-enforce my studying on circuits. Boy was I wrong. Soon as I opened the book the first question in there had an error in the solution. A trivial one, but an error nonetheless. I can understand that a book with 3000 questions will probably have some typos and mistakes, but page one question one? That is more than lazy. Just shows how devoted the author was to creating quality problems. I then progressed through this book and went on to find several more errors. Unless finding errors is your thing (maybe you derive a sense of pleasure from it), avoid this book like the plague.
On the surface, this should be vintage Nick Tosches.  However, the story is uneven and his "voice," which is scattered throughout kind of interferes with what should be a very compelling story.  It is worth reading, but is far from perfect.
I bought this book despite the other poor reviews on amazon.  I was hopeful that the other reviewers were just being too harsh.  But after reading the first couple chapters, it became clear that the other reviewers were being charitable.  This book is filled with errors and is poorly organized.The worst error I've spotted is on p16.  The book says that &quot;The current version of the SCEA exam tests your knowledge of J2EE 1.3 API.&quot;  In fact, at the time I'm writing this review, and certainly at the time they wrote the book, the current version of the exam is still testing the J2EE 1.2 API.  That is pretty bad when the course authors don't even know which version of J2EE they should be writing about.  It also would be quite detrimental and confusing to readers who would assume they should be studying topics that were added in the J2EE 1.3 version.In many places, the book also does not seem to be well synched with the topics, approach, and vocabulary of the exam.  Some chapters seemed almost irrelevant to the exam.If you buy this book, you should only consider it a supplement to help give you a general idea of what you need to study.  I would suggest doing most of your studying with other books or resources.
The girl at Borders said this book would make me cry. It did -- in the scene where Henry's mother dies. But I certainly wasn't touched or moved by the "love" story. In fact, I'm still wondering if there was one. I didn't understand why Henry and Clare were *so* in love. They lusted after each other a good deal, but the love part was missing.More than anything I was just plain creeped out by this book, especially the pedophilic connotations of Henry time-traveling to meet Clare when she is six years old. He appears before her as a full-grown naked adult several times during her adolescence. Am I to believe this wouldn't be a jarring and traumatic experience for a young girl? Come on. Why did he continue to go back to visit her after they were already married? Was he just interested in seeing her nubile young body? Gag.Random scenes that go nowhere, like the part where Clare is sexually assaulted by a classmate, were particularly perplexing. What was the point of that scene exactly? It's never mentioned again and doesn't seem to have any impact whatsoever on Clare's growth as a character. There were many random, pointless scenes like this throughout the novel. Really, this book could have been AT LEAST 100 pages shorter. The seven miscarriages are another example. Couldn't the author have just cut it down to four and spared us the gruesome details? And then when the child (with the same time-travel gene as Henry) is finally born, it's like the novelty wears off for the parents. Btw, it really irked me that the implications of a young girl time-traveling and showing up naked wasn't seriously explored. All I could think was that at one point she is going to be raped! Maybe I'm the only one who thought that far but it just creeped me out.More randomness -- Gomez having a thing for Clare but the fact not actually driviing the plot in any way. Long, drawn-out scenes of describing Clare's art or dinner preparations were just unnecessary. There's more but I don't want this review to be longer than the novel.The characters were boring and underdeveloped: Clare's just your typical woman obsessed with a man and spends literally her entire life waiting for him. He won't even let her age in peace!Henry is obviously a control-freak who travels back to his wife's childhood just to keep her in line or something. Also creepy!One thing that really bugged the hell out of me was Clare using the c-word twice, especially after giving birth. I don't know any woman who uses that word, only dirty teenage boys who think they're being funny. It was very weird to read that.Good stuff: The final scene between Henry and Ingrid where the true question of free will and choice is explored. That was my favorite scene. That's about it.All in all I was disappointed. I was debating whether to buy this or The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and now I'm thinking I should have bought the latter.
I gave up reading this " Gibberish /Jargon " at about the 125th page. Jargon is defined as speech or writing full of long,unfamiliar, or roundabout words or phrases. Jargon accurately describes this novel. If you want to read 400 pages of jargon and try to figure out what Mr. Conrad is trying to say, then this book is definitely for you. I'm sure Mr. Conrad was an excellent sailor but a writer he is not.
I am not sure if Ottoman history is inherently boring, or if it the fault of the author, but this is not exactly a captivating book.It seems the author is more interested in sounding verbose than writing compelling narrative. To be fair, Jason Goodwin turns a phrase better than most, but I felt more could have been done with the material he had to work with.
It is a sad state of affairs when such a book rides high at the top of the best selling charts and is being paraded as an essential management text.Classes and programs have been spawned by it, it is almost de rigeur for companies to recommend to their district and store managers and it is marketed with such messianic glee that one almost expect it's words to be written in stone.Not that there is anything wrong with the central message of this book. Change and flexibility are the watchwords and to that extent this book should be applauded. Similarly, if this book were to be aimed at a target audience of line supervisors only then it might be appropriate.Let me not be churlish. I am happy that the authors have found commercial success with their product. Looking at the bigger picture however, there are serious issues involved.Is management being so dumbed down that in order to get a basic message across we, as a society, can only get an important message across with the aid of a lightweight parable about cheese and mice, replete with pictures and an explanatory homily at the end? The implications for the economic success of our country could not be clearer. For all of the tomes on management published each year management quality and productivity must be falling.Change is part and parcel of the capitalist sytem. It is inherent even pervasive in everything in the private sector. As such it is part of the process of management anyway to manage change. Even more so change has been a significantly larger part of the economic landscape in the last twenty years or so through corporate downsizing, outsourcing and much more yet the message has apparently not got through.Management, as life, is much more complicated than this book would make it seem. Use this book to read to your children at bedtime. Urge managers to look for more substantial management texts. We need them to.
You can tell this is a book written a number of years ago.  Ms. Lowell may have &quot;updated&quot; some parts, but it is definitely a book from it's time.  The dialog was so over the top that I skipped whole sections.  Ms. Lowell has the unpleasant habit of having the so-called hero have a pet name for the heroine.  This could be cute if handled well, but it gets to be so annoying.  I wanted to tell him - she has a name and it's not Butterfly.  Stick to Ms. Lowell's more recent attempts.  They are quite good.
Since I live in the area where this true crime was committed I thought I would find this book interesting.  The author interviewed many people and most of them must have insisted on remaining unnamed in the book.  He describes the murderer as being self-centered and having a high opinion of his writing abilities--I think he was describing himself.  The book does not tell a story well, it comes off as just a bunch of sound bites from people who knew the murderer.  Not cohesive and you don't really see the picture.  I deleted it without finishing reading it.  Maybe this book should have been squelched just for the writing style.  Can't recommend it on any level.
This is a book which alleges to be about "critical thinking," and yet on page 291 states, "what counts in human life is not who is RIGHT, but who is WINNING."  An interesting position in political science, perhaps, but the absolute NEGATION of critical thinking.  And this is only one of many egregious errors in the book, beginning in the very first chapters in the discussion of the "three functions of the mind," which the book classifies as "thinking, feeling, and wanting."  Not only does this not conform to modern psychology or biology, it is completely arbitrary: wanting is a type of feeling, and feeling is a type of thought--so we've really only identified a single function.Worse, there are "think for yourself" exercises which really serve as INDOCTRINATIONS--the authors choose ethical positions with which they disagree (such as egocentrism and sociocentrism, which they incorrectly identify as the "sources of irrational thinking") and require the reader the reader to identify these types of thoughts on their own and how to expunge them.  This is classical Communist re-education.The very worst part of this book is that it is actually published by the Foundation for Critical Thinking.  They should be absolutely ashamed of themselves.  I can only hope their other books are better.
One thing about a Crichton book, you will learn things.The problem you usually learn them at the expense of little things like character development. The idea of a book dealing with the study of an airplane malfunction, with occasional rants against the people who are supposed to protect our safety was a good one.  Crichton once again fills a book with a tremendous amount of information and barring a background in the field, the casual reader will be dazzled by the quantity of info presented. (The quality would need a more expert opinion than mine.)However cookie cutter characters abound and they are often interchangeable with the most cursory of description and motivation. Sometimes I think Chrichton decides to research things that he is interested in and than thinks, &quot;This might make a good book.&quot; Not this time.
It promised so much more.
Did not work for my baby. My baby has woken up every 1 1/2 to 2 hours since birth(he's now 7 months old!) and I have tried everything except letting him cry it out for longer then 10 min at a time. I got this book a couple months ago w/ high hopes but to no avail. My baby does not go back to sleep w/ out breastfeeding which I am tryign to work on and gets very very upset and wakes himself up when I try to insert my finger to remove him as stated in the book. Even w/ repeat times of doign this it didn't work. I tried everythign mentioned and already had been trying the majority of it for some time before getting thsi book. Sorry to say this does nto work for my baby. I need to resort to the dreaded cry it out method clearly, but w/ compassion.
There has been a book out before this one, by the same publisher, (DIFFERENT AUTHOR!) with the same graphics and cover layout, with the difference that the OTHER book is titled Electronic GADGETS For The Evil Genius.  This one replaces the word GADGETS with CIRCUITS.The OTHER book is a great book, about exactly what the title says, but THIS book is very DECEPTIVE!!THERE ARE NO EVIL CIRCUITS OR PLANS IN THIS BOOK AT ALL!!!All this is, is a high school basic electronics text book, teaching what resistors and transistors are and how they work, written by a high school shop teacher!If, like me, you bought the first book, and thought this one was going to show more evil "mad scientist" like devices to build, you will be VERY DISSAPOINTED!!Apparently, this is going to be a series of books (sort of like the "IDIOT'S GUIDE TO" books and each will be written by a different author.  At the begining of the book, it lists SIX MORE books like this that will be released in 2005.Most people who buy this book, will already know basic electronics and will be buying it to build evil projects.  Yet, this is only a book teaching very basic electronics at a grade school level, and the projects in it are nothing more than connecting LEDs to a switch and battery! (VERY EVIL!)The first half of the book is nothing but introducing you to parts like resistors, LEDs and transistors and their schematic symbols.  The second half gets into things like NAND GATES and OP AMPS.Here are some of the "evil" projects in this book:Running a seven segment LED display.Night Light.Using a speaker as a microphone.Sound Buzzer.and of course, how to connect an LED to a switch and battery.If you are looking for a book on how to build evil projects, then you want the OTHER book.If you know absolutely nothing about electronics, and want to learn the real BASIC stuff, then this book might be interesting to you.  But how DECEPTIVE to use the same cover art and make it appear to be another volume with evil projects like the FIRST book was.If you find this book in a store, be VERY CAREFULL to look for the word GADGETS and not CIRCUITS as they both look almost exactly the same otherwise!They NEVER should have put the phrase "Evil Genius" on this book at all!  Nothing EVIL about it, and any "Genius" already knows everything that is taught in this book!
The author William Duffy concocted this book out of stories and hearsay sitting in his apartmenton 93rd Street in Manhattan. This is widely known and acknowledged; intentionally sensationalto promote book sales. B Holiday disavowed any cooperation with the author.Read a modern biography for the truth.
There's not much to recommend about this book.  it's one more in a sea of self-help books, and the gimmick doesn't add much.The advice is nothing special.  It's the same sort of self-help advice you see in all of these books: have goals, find a job you enjoy, stay positive, etc.  That it's written in a "quirky reverse psychology" mode isn't funny--it's annoying, and by chapter three or so it had become really irritating.  "He said 'Don't have a plan' when he really meant 'Have a plan!'  How clever!  I feel so motivated!"  &lt;/sarcasm>Seriously, if you've read a self-help book before, I would recommend passing this one up.
I'm sorry, but I have to say I found the book confusing. The gimmicky nature of the title was a bit over the top for me. Some may read this (with opposites in mind) and find it enjoyable. But, to me, it would strictly be the entertainment value of the turnaround device. Clever - but not really all that helpful.
I got absolutely nothing out of this book.  It is totally overrated.  Great idea, but I saw no results from it and my daughter finally started sleeping through the night at 23 months when she was ready on her own, not because of anything I tried.
As it's been said in many other reviews, Niffeneggar's love story/time travel fantasy is a unique concept, and it was what drew me to read this book in the first place...but 20 pages from the end, I just put the book down. Just stopped, in total disgust, and couldn't go on reading. This book's gimmick (time travel) is also it's Achille's heel, because it leads to so many scenarios being rehashed that it became monotonous in tone. The writer failed to impress me with "The Henry (the time-traveler) and Clare Great Love Story." What most strikingly comes across is that they have a really great time together in bed, as the numerous love scenes are repeated, with the same basic set-up, over and over and over and over. I felt very much that the author constructed a emotionally manipulative narrative that just felt hollow at the core. The time-travel premise creates so much atmosphere and intrigue that I was gripped for the first 150 pages or so, but then it started to ring very hollow. I'm not articulating myself well, I'm sure, but urgghhhh...I just hated this book. I can't believe they're making a movie out of it, and that Rachel McAdams might actually waste her talents on it. But it appears that she, along with many other readers, has been fooled...
I read the excellent &quot;Rebel Code&quot; and thought that reading &quot;Just for Fun&quot; would be a nice idea, to know more about Linux and its author through his own words. The problem is that Linus and the journalist who helped him failed to make the book interesting, so it becomes a sequence of chapters like &quot;yeah I needed a new driver for my modem, so...well I did it&quot;In one page he's doing Linux version 0.01 alone in his bedroom in Helsinki, 15 pages later he's talking about having 10 million users, and leaves no clue HOW it happened, or who was involved (guys like Dave Miller and Alan Cox, so important to the Linux community, didn't get one single mention)So if you want to really understand not only WHAT happened but HOW it happened, I recommend &quot;Rebel Code&quot; instead. And it covers not only Linux, but the whole open-source movement.
This book handles some of the darkest aspects of the human soul-child abuse, alcoholism, frustration and above all, conflict with one's identity and society. An exploration of the complex relationship between three very different but equally lost individuals  is an excellent basis for a novel and that is why this book should have been much better than it was.  Although admittedly the focus of the book was the conflicts between and relationships of the three main characters, I still found that the book followed no clear plot. As I was reading, I often found myself wondering just where the story was going. Characters seemed to just go through the motions of life with the story leading up to anything.The author also dropped tantalizing mysteries, only to never revisit the subject again. We never did find out Simon's true origins, despite much discussion about it early in the book, nor was the reasons behind Kerewin's estrangement from her family revealed. Filling in some of these gaps could have greatly added to the depth of the characters and given readers much more insight into their feelings and motivations.Finally, I am skeptical as the whether the characters in this book offer an accurate and true representation of the Maori culture. I would caution against anyone stereotyping an entire ethnic group based on this book.While I applaud the author for tackling serious subjects, I found that the obvious lack of a plot and story question made this book a very unsatisfying read.
Was required to read it for a class. I guess I wasn't very interested in the class nor the book so I couldn't follow through. Wasn't very interesting for me and I love reading.
This book is scandalous for what it does not address. It is part of the global "cover-up" while at the same time demonstrating how consistently the U.S. government covers up. Therefore, aside from being unhelpful, the scandal of this book is the failure of its authors to make that leap of the imagination requiring them to understand what they are saying about American mythologies and then bravely assault the truly greatest myths confronted today as never before either in U.S. or human history: (a) that there is no scandal underlying the 9-11, 2001 disaster; (b) that no money (2-3 trillion tax-payer dollars) is missing and therefore we must reduce Medicare and Social Security, "entitlements" other than those designated for war or the military; (c) that we are the only intelligent beings in the universe and other entities who have succeeded living past their discovery of nuclear fission do not exist and if they did could not possibly reach us; and (d) the nuclear hourly threat of all nuclear power plants and bombs and global irradiation of fish and the northern hemisphere since Fukushima and the global lies associated with it. Come on, people. Uncle Sam's finger is pointing back atcha.
I would've given only a star, but I have more respect for people who write for a living. The idea of this book is very simple: design is important in your business. It sites several examples, but I felt a little like listening to one of those motivational speakers who come off irritating. If I didn't have to read the whole thing, I wouldn't have finished it.Another annoying thing is that maybe except for two chapters, there's a mention of how great Apple or Steve Jobs is in all other chapters. One of the writers is formerly associated with Apple, but it was ridiculous how virtuous Apple was when compared to other companies. (And I'm a fan of Apple - I'm typing on one.) More than half of this book could be described as how the iPod came to power and changed our lives.I like my reading material concise and effectively worded; a Cliff Notes version of this book would've been sufficient.
Only about 3% of the 1,000 largest U.S. corporations outperformed their industry's average market performance during the 1992-2002 decade, while about 6% underperformed.  Companies that suffer sustained poor performance include familiar names such as Goodyear, the Gap, Safeco, and Campbell Soup; those consistently doing well are relatively unknown and smaller - eg. Family Dollar, Dreyer's, and Brown and Brown (insurance broker).Marcus et al conclude that winners had strong strategies that stayed within a "sweet spot" (eg. little or no competition; a low-cost producer position), agility to get to and/or maintain that position, discipline, and focus to stay within their sweet spot.  "Big Winners and Big Losers" goes on to then elaborate on comparisons of winners and losers, within specific sectors.All the preceding makes eminent sense - the problem is that it is hard to use as a strategy guide and soon begins to contradict other situations.Unfortunately, "Big Winners and Big Losers" is hauntingly reminiscent of Tom Peters' 1984 "In Search of Excellence" - the approach was similar, and a number of "best practice" companies were identified.  The problem was that not too many years later, many/most of them had since faded.  Another problem is that the book covers so many firms and so much ground that it is unable to provide much useful information - eg. just how did Dreyer's build up its 90% distribution market share?Marcus et al also suggest that smaller firms have an advantage.  But what about Wal-Mart?  Would Wal-Mart be better off at a smaller size - some have concluded that it would, on the basis of tracking its ROI data over time which sometimes lags Family Dollar.  Further, Wal-Mart was once was in almost the identical competitive position as Family Dollar (praised by "Big Winners and Big Losers").  Should Wal-Mart have stayed small - doubtful for at least three reasons - 1)Wal-Mart would not have the strong clout with suppliers that it now does.  2)It probably would have been subsequently bought up by another firm and no longer in existence.  3)Finance and economics both teach that maximum profits are attained when marginal costs reach the level of marginal revenues - not at any particular size level.I believe a much more sustainable foundation for excellence is achieved through studying the speed, efficiency, and quality aspects of "The Toyota Production System," some other credible approach to significant cycle-time reduction, and Larry Bossidy's "Execution," and "Confronting Reality."  These lessons are truly generally applicable.
I wanted to go a little deeper with my writing into poetry but this book put me off totally. I wish I went for another pick
Mrs. Richmond's learning approach in this Spanish Vocabulary book is excellent, but she indulges in writing about moral issues that serious-minded Christians would find repulsive... which greatly mars this volume for me.In workbook format, this volume starts with the alphabet and pronunciation basics, good for beginners and good to review for those who have forgotten Spanish from high school days, but it moves quickly into grammar.A GREAT bonus with this workbook is the answer key at the back, a very practical help for those who are independent learners.Dorothy Richmond's methodology is geared for practice, but in such a way as to make the learning delightful, like a table game ( in small steps ) that helps the learner to REMEMBER it.When teaching "Yo soy... " ( I am , which is used for an UNchangeable "to be" condition ) , she omits the explanation and replaces it with amusing and interesting sentences in which the learner must use YO SOY several times ... and will remember the condition too !For instance, to teach YO SOY  and DE ( of )  , she would say something like this, in Spanish:I am LA AMIGA ( the female friend ) DE  Mickey Mouse. ( So, who am I ? )The LEARNER responds on the exercise sheet: Yo soy Senorita Minnie.Thus, the learner practices reading YO SOY  ... DE....  and writing YO SOY ( son, daughter, friend, etc.).... using YO SOY in UNchangeable conditions !So, the exercises are fun, interesting, and entertaining. No drudgery whatsoever with doing Mrs. Richmond's exercises.The exercises include interesting facts from many popular areas:  sports, entertainment, current events, historical events, etc.However.......  being a serious-minded Christian, I winced at some of the afore-mentioned items she has put before her students' eyes. She makes references regarding Harry Potter as easily as she does  Adam and Cain and Abel. She has many "interesting" exercise sentences which include homosexuals and "their" off-spring ( ?).She makes reference to husbands and wives and their "ex's"... yes , all a part of the sad reality of western civilization,  but do these unsavory and ungodly and sorrowful situations need to be put before a student's eyes as though the situations were NORMAL ?The students from broken homes whom I have taught during my teaching years were never at peace about their sorrowful situation with one ( or both ! ) parent /s  missing.  Something ALWAYS seemed missing from their lives and they looked yearningly upon the "other kids" who had NORMAL homes, with a Mom and Dad.For any such student who is from a broken home, or is the off-spring of an illicit affair, such reminders of the sorrow of their lives seem totally un-necessary and really, out of place in a language study book.Surely, there are enough clean-living personalities who are sufficiently well-known  that Mrs. Richmond and her student helpers COULD have chosen to omit the seamier side of life, just for once.How about Joan Woodard and Paul Newman, for starters, in the entertainment world ?( I cannot recall any clean-livers in the current political world, at the moment, but there might be some... )It so distracts from the intrinsic worth of the volume, that I am sad I purchased it.... and sadder that such a promising volume would be un-fit for Christians to learn an amoral subject like the Spanish language.It is a SAD commentary on the academia in this civilization who have allowed such "realities" of the unclean, baser side of life to darken, deaden, and clutter the learning resources, exercise books, and text books of this age... all  of which are put before the impressionable minds and hearts of the learners.Clean is BETTER.Yours for an un-reproachable conscience before GOD and man...Sr. Judith Hannah  + + +
Almost any serious investor knows the name Mohamed El-Erian. The coverage on CNBC of him and his firm, PIMCO, is ubiquitous.  So when Mr. El-Erian has something to say, people will tend to listen.  Such was the case in 2008 when he published "When Markets Collide".  That the book was hailed by The Financial Times as the best business book of the year only proves the point. When I read it, however, I was disappointed.I have 2 main criticisms.  First, the book was far longer than it needed to be.  I agree with Mr. El-Erian's central thesis: that the global markets failure adjust to the rise of new players creates imbalances that will effect investors for years to come.  After everything that has happened since 2008, that can hardly be in dispute.  The fact that Mr. El-Erian was making this point when few were confirms his brilliance.  At the same time, the point could have been made far more succinctly--and enjoyable.Which leads me to my second gripe: it was far to high on jargon.  I prefer "plain language".  Its not that I do not understand "eco-geek" phraseology; its only that I find it a bore.  Mr. El-Erian is the worst offender of that rule I've yet encountered.
If you're fond of pioneer stories, be warned. This is not "Little House on the Prairie."  In fact it's not a pioneer story at all, but a book about death, dying, the agony of grief, the bittersweet comfort of memories, and the importance of family ties.  Given most publishers' current mania for hitting kids between the eyes with mature issues, they've succeeded here.  Perhaps one day they'll again realize that kids want to escape reality with excitement, mystery, and adventure, not be bombarded with mature themes, or complex social issues.  Espeically irritating were the jumps between modern and olden times so frequently that the reader was never drawn into either period.  No sense of atmosphere was evident.
Should anyone ask why this book is so revered, I would be at a loss to even being rationalizing others' adulation. The Booker Prize? One of the 100 best works of fiction of the 20th century?This book was one of the toughest slogs I have ever undertaken voluntarily. I pushed forward hoping that the end would justify and reward the senselessness of that which preceded the end. Had I not invested so much in a vain quest to find that which others described (allegory, metaphor, mysticism, creativity, use of language), I would have put it down much sooner.The language and flow of the work are distinctive, imaginative, and complex, but these are the few positive characteristics I can ascribe to the work. The remainder I found to be uninteresting and dense. In parts, I felt as if Rushdie had lost energy and focus, inserting filler until he could again jumpstart the storyline by again stretching the life of the central chracter across a historic event.Read instead Gabriel Garcia Marquez or Jorge Luis Borges. You'll find what others have promised within this work and come away with a far more rewarding experience.
One criterion that I have for what is a good read is whether I like or empathize with any of the characters. This story falls down in that area.  Each character is almost unrelentingly selfish, desperate, unhappy and without hope or prospect of future happiness--with the possible exception of America--and it is somewhat unrealistic that she stayed with Candido after even the first of their series of misfortunes.The story gets lost and does not quite know how to end--without revealing the ending, I might say that it is unbelievable, unsatisfactory (and feels unfinished).Despite good descriptive passages, I would not recommend it.
This book is really basic and it will help you get an understanding on how to buy and sell stocks. However, advanced or even mid-level subjects are not covered at all. Trading is not that simple. Don't let anybody fool you. So you need to study and learn from traders like Ed Seykota, Linda Raschke, Toby Crabel. These are professional traders. Check on EBAY if there is anything for sale from them. Buy it. Study them. They dont have time to write books because trading is their job. So yes, this book is ok primer, then move on to study the real traders
Rubbish.If this is what Science Fiction is now, I give up.Spoilers ahead:He could have taken the many worlds idea to an interesting level, they discover access to another earth!But no....zombies invade.They go back and forth, working on the zombie issue.The end.Zombies are OK....but as 2 things:1)Comedy - Shaun of the Dead for instance2)Action - 28 Days LaterAs Science Fiction? NO...The nearest anyone came was Tom Bakers Outpost. Excellent. But it was an action novel....with an unhappy ending.This....don't bother
This book had a non existent glossary and a terrible index. Doing research in this book was tedious. The information provided was lacking in my opinion. Absolutely no real break down of corporate finance formulas.
Out of my entire academic career, I found this book to be the most un-useful book that I have ever purchased. The concepts are explained pretty clearly, and an example or two is given for each concept, but beyond that, you're on your own. If your physics class is like just about any other physics class out there, your professor will assign you practice problems (whether from his own design or from within the book). This is where you're in trouble. The examples that this book gives are the most irrelevant examples you will ever receive. You may know how to apply the principle taught within the chapter for a simple problem, but will be left clueless on the more complicated problems (which typically comprise 90% of your tests).
I'm embarrased I ever bought this book. Not because I'm some macho badass-I'm not. But just because of the ludicriously trendy CONCEPT of this book: "Hey,everybody loves the Buddha...Lets do a book about dating with Budaha in the title!" Come on-for one thing Buddhas do NOT date, I think that's right. An another: America's sub and upper cultures have suffered from too much Buddha worship. It's help to make us al passive little zombies. THE END
I'm obviously not a very bright person as most of this book was a struggle to understand what on earth she was on about. I've read the glowing praises of  the majority of the  reviewers and can only conclude that it's far too clever for my simple understanding. To read and enjoy a book, I must have some liking for some of the characters, but the way M/s Hazzard rushes on like a freight train, bombarding the reader with unfinished sentences and words which would require even a moderately well educated person to have to dive for the dictionary, is just too much for me. I've decided that life is too short for me to waste any of my limited remaining years battling with this smarty pants, clever book, and to enjoy the many books that I've yet to read.
The story was good and she competed it well, but I did not feel good about the Lords name taken in vain and many times.Could not recommend it, I will not read the book again.
1)  It's over-written.2)  The characters are sledgehammers with little subtlety and less credibility.3)  The dialogs are boring, trite, and artificial.4)  The humor is forced.5)  The scenes are too long for their content.6)  I'll give it a star for mass.In short, it is precisely what I would expect the intellectual elite to choose for a classic.For everybody else, it needs a laugh track.
